Bridesmaids Bridesmaids About Bridesmaids Bridesmaids is a five reel, forty payline and 600 coin slot machine. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol payout rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Wild Symbol The Bridesmaids symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Wild symbol substitution rules: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter symbol The Cupcake symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: Two or more symbols must appear anywhere on the reels to create a win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Three or more Cupcake symbols scattered on the reels, activates the Wheel bonus game. Scatter symbol payout rules: Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Wheel Bonus Game Three or more Cupcake symbols scattered on the reels, activates the Wheel bonus game. In this game: You spin a wheel to win a multiplier value, a jackpot win amount or access to a bonus game. A wheel with fifteen segments is displayed. On each segment is a multiplier value, a jackpot win or a bonus game. Choose one of four cupcakes for a random bonus prize that is applied to the bonus wheel. The cupcake prizes are: A pink prize increases all pink multiplier values on the wheel. A blue prize increases all blue multiplier values on the wheel. A pink and blue prize increases all multiplier values on the wheel. A wheel pointer prize adds two extra wheel pointers to the bonus wheel. You can win multiple bonus prizes. There are six prizes on the wheel segments. The prizes are: A multiplier value A Jackpot win amount Friendship Free Spins bonus game Flying High Free Spins bonus game Boutique bonus game Magic Moments bonus game Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wheel segment prize rules and payouts Multiplier value The multiplier value awarded is multiplied by your total bet amount. The value of the multipliers on the wheel increases with the number of scatter symbols that activate the bonus game. After winning a multiplier value, you return to the regular slot game. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Jackpot win amount The value of the jackpot on the wheel increases with the number of scatter symbols that activate the bonus game. After winning the jackpot, you return to the regular slot game. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Friendship Free Spins bonus game You are awarded ten free spins. Symbols stack on all reels. Annie symbols stack on reels 1 and 2. Helen symbols stack on reels 4 and 5. Lillian symbols stack on reel 3. Lillian symbols substitute for Annie and Helen symbols to complete winning combinations. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Cupcake symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded an additional ten free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Flying High Free Spins bonus game You are awarded ten free spins. The Rolling Reels™ feature is available during the free spins. In this feature: When a winning combination occurs during a spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The Growing Wilds™ feature is available during the free spins. In this feature: The Bridesmaids symbol stacks on all reels. The stack grows by one symbol per spin, starting from 4 symbols, until the stack reaches 13 symbols. The stacked wild symbols complete winning combinations. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins cannot be re-activated during the bonus game. Boutique bonus game You choose objects to try and match symbols. Twelve gift boxes are displayed. Behind each gift box is a bridesmaid symbol, a bridesmaids symbol with a multiplier value or a bride symbol. You choose objects until you find two of the same symbols. If you match two bridesmaids symbols with a multiplier value, your total win amount is multiplied by the multiplier value awarded. When you match the bride symbol, the bonus game ends. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Magic Moments bonus game You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Ten photos are displayed. Behind each photo is a random bonus win amount or an I'm Sorry symbol. The I'm Sorry symbol ends the bonus game. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Paytable Achievement rules: Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild symbol. Wheel bonus game wins. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. You can view your win history and casino balances in the game. Your wins are displayed in the Win box, and your current casino balance is displayed in the Balance box. In this game: All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to 15 coins per payline. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play 1. Select your bet amount. How? Click the Bet box. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum coin size permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet and the number of paylines enabled to the maximum bet permitted. 2. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. View my win history You can view your most recent win and your top 5 wins. 1. Click the Win box. 2. Select the type of win you want to view. Click the Recent tab to view your recent wins. Click the Top 5 tab to view your Top 5 wins. View my balance amounts Your casino balance is displayed in both coins and credits. 1. Click the Balance box. 2. Click the Summary tab. View my bet and win amounts in coins or credits You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. 1. Click the Balance box. 2. Click the Options tab. 3. Select your betting and payout mode. Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins and Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins and credits. All bets are displayed in credits. All payouts in the Win box are displayed in coins and credits. All payouts on the game paytable displays in credits. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin.In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Turn on Expert mode 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. Play an AutoPlay session 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Learn about game options Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays the game with or without a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. Change game options 1. Click Options . 2. Choose the required settings. 3. Click OK . Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. 1. Click Statistics (%) . 2. View your current Game Play Statistics. 3. Click OK . Last modification date: 1/31/2017