Break Da Bank Again Respin Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the combination payout by the line bet. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on adjacent reels, starting from left to right. For winning combinations paying out, a winning combination must start with theleftmost reel in any position and continue on adjacent reels. The symbols need to be on a payline. When a Wild substitutes, it multiplies that win by 5x. Free Spins Payouts On trigger, you are awarded 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, respectively. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. All wins during Free Spins are multiplied by 5x. During Free Spins, you are awarded an additional 1, 2, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins when 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, respectively. During Free Spins, the Scatter symbol does not pay. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules 1. You can bet up to 8 coins per line. 2. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. 2. The Wild symbol does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. 3. Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. 4. The Wild symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes by 5x. 5. During Free Spins, when Wild wins pay 5x, the resulting multiplier is 25x Scatter Symbol Rules 1. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols in any position trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins, respectively. 2. 2 or more Scatter symbols in any position pay 2x total bet in Base Game only. 3. Scatter wins are added to line wins. 4. The Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Free Spins Rules 1. All wins during Free Spins are multiplied by 5x. 2. Free Spins are triggered when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. 3. During Free Spins, you are awarded an additional 1, 2, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins when 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appear on the reel, respectively. 4. All bets played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins. 5. During Free Spins, the Scatter symbol does not pay. 6. Free Spins can be re-triggered. Paid Respins 1. At the end of each base spin, choose to Respin a reel as many times as you like with the chance of completing a win. 2. You can Respin one reel at a time. 3. Each Respin is charged at a cost. 4. Only wins that involve the respun reels are paid. 5. Changing your bet affects the calculation of the Respin cost. So, if you change your bet after a spin, Respins are disabled until you spin again. 6. Respins are only active during Base Game after the first spin. 7. Respins are inactive for the first spin on completion of a feature. 8. Respins are not available during AutoPlay. Betting and Payout Rules 1. Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. 2. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 3. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth orfifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. 4. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. 5. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 6. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. 7. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. 2. To select your bet amount: 3. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. 4. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. 5. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Note: Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON. Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin.Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. View Game Wins View your Recent and Top 5 wins. Recent Wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the Recent Wins reset. Wins Recent Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. Top 5 Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Respins are not available during AutoPlay. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. The game RTP is 96.08%. Respin RTP is set 0.50% higher (96.58%) The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.