Break Away About Break Away Break Away is a five reel, 243 pay way and 500 coin slot machine. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled pay ways. Regular symbol payout rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wild symbol The Break Away symbol is a wild symbol. Wild symbol rules: This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. Reel 1 and 2 do not have any wild symbols. Reel 3 has an 18 symbol stack. Reel 4 has a 25 symbol stack. Reel 5 has a 3 symbol stack. This symbol does not create its own winning combination. Scatter symbol The Puck symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: Three or more symbols must appear anywhere on the reels to create a win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Three or more Puck symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Puck symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins bonus game rules: You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. The Rolling Reels™ feature is available during the free spins. During the free spins you are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. The multiplier values are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x and 10x. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. In this feature: When a winning combination occurs during a spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without betting on another spin. The Rolling Reels™ feature is available during the Free Spins bonus game. During the free spins you are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. The multiplier values are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x and 10x. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. You can view your win history and Casino balances in the game. Your wins are displayed in the Win box, and your current Casino balance is displayed in the Balance box. In this game: All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or deselect pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 50x bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 50 = 50 total coins bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play Select your bet amount.How? Click the Bet box. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum coin size permitted. This converts the coin size and the number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. View my win history You can view your most recent wins and your top 5 wins. Click the Win box. Select the type of win you want to view. Click the Top 5 tab to view your Top 5 wins. Click the Recent tab to view your recent wins. Recent wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. View my balance summary You can view a summary of your Casino balance in coins and credits. Click the Balance box. Click the Summary tab. View my bet, win and balance amounts in coins or credits You can choose to play the game in coins or credits, or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Click the Balance box. Click the Options tab. Select the required option: Click Credits to view all bets and payouts in credits. Click Coins to view all bets and payouts in coins. Click Coins and Credits to view the game in coins and credits. When you select this option, all bet amounts and the payout amounts displayed on the game pay table are displayed in credits. All payouts in the Win box are displayed in coins and credits. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete. Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, showing this dialog using your saved settings or the default settings. Turn on Expert mode 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. Play an AutoPlay session Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Learn about game options Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays the game with or without a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. Change game options Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020