Burglin Bob About Burglin' Bob Burglin' Bob is a five reel, thirty payline, and three hundred chip slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. An Escape bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of chips that are won for each combination. The total number of chips paid out depends on the number of chips you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of chips won, multiplied by the number of chips played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of chips won multiplied by the chip size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to sixty free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. Choose one of the symbols that activate the bonus game to display the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Escape Bonus Game Payouts You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. There are two levels. In Level 1: Match three random bonus win amounts to win that amount. Find three Bob symbols to move to level 2. In Level 2: You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. You can win extra picks. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Game Rules General Rules You can bet up to ten chips per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Dog symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Bonus Manhole symbol. Does not substitute for the Free Spins Bell symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Free Spins Bell Bonus Manhole The Free Spins Bell symbol and the Bonus Manhole symbol are scatter symbols. Do not create their own winning combination. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Activate the bonus games: Three Free Spins Bell symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Three Bonus Manhole symbols scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Escape bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three Free Spins Bell symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to sixty free spins. Choose one of the symbols that activate the bonus game to display the number of free spins you win. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Escape Bonus Game Rules Three Bonus Manhole symbols scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Escape bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. There are two levels. In Level 1, fifteen manholes are displayed. Behind each manhole is either: A random bonus win amount Match three random bonus win amounts to win that amount. If you match three random bonus win amounts the game ends. A wild symbol The wild symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete a win. A Bob symbol Find three Bob symbols to move to level 2. In Level 2, eight houses are displayed. You can choose four houses. Behind each house is either: A random bonus win amount You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. An extra pick You can choose another house to win additional random bonus win amounts. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of chips that are won for each combination. The total number of chips paid out depends on the number of chips you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of chips won, multiplied by the number of chips played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of chips won multiplied by the chip size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your chips to credits is: Number of chips x chip size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Wild Dog symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Bonus Manhole symbol. Does not substitute for the Free Spins Bell symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Scatter Symbol Free Spins Bell Bonus Manhole The Free Spins Bell symbol and the Bonus Manhole symbol are scatter symbols. These symbols: Do not create their own winning combination. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Activate the bonus games: Three Free Spins Bell symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Three Bonus Manhole symbols scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Escape bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Three Free Spins Bell symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to sixty free spins. Choose one of the symbols that activate the bonus game to display the number of free spins you win. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three Free Spins Bell symbols are scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4 during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins Escape Bonus Game Three Bonus Manhole symbols scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Escape bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. There are two levels. In Level 1, fifteen manholes are displayed. Behind each manhole is either: A random bonus win amount Match three random bonus win amounts to win that amount. If you match three random bonus win amounts the game ends. A wild symbol The wild symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete a win. A Bob symbol Find three Bob symbols to move to level 2. In Level 2, eight houses are displayed. You can choose four houses. Behind each house is either: A random bonus win amount You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. An extra pick You can choose another house to win additional random bonus win amounts. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Chip Size (+) or (-) to select the chip size you want to bet. Click Chips Per Line (+) or (-) to select the number of chips you want to bet per payline. To bet the maximum number of chips permitted, click Bet Max . The number of chips bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin. The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/15/2020