Boom Pirates About the game Boom Pirates is a 9-reel, 6-row video slot with up to 10,077,696 pay ways including Buy feature, Mary's Swashbuckling Attack, Boom Pirates, Foxify™ features and Free Spins game. Some features and options may not be available in the game you are playing, which ensures compliance with the regulations. For example, the Autoplay feature may not be available due to compliance matters. Playing the game The game is played with pay ways instead of Normal spins are played on reels 1 – 5 and rows 2 – 5 and, with 1,024 pay The Boom Pirates feature activates extra rows and reels and up to 10,077,696 pay ways. The bet level is set using the bet level Matching symbols in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, is a pay way The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. If winning combinations land on multiple pay ways, each combination is paid 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 10 Free Payouts The game is played with pay ways instead of Winnings will be awarded according to the Symbol payout values are based on bet divided by Wins pay left-to-right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Foxify™ feature does not affect symbol The win amount is immediately credited to the Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the Casino server or Internet: If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to If the request to play a new game does not reach the Casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. Free Spins 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 10 Free In Free Spins, 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 5 extra Free Spins. During Free Spins, additional cells can be randomly activated on the whole 6×9 reel grid. Once these cells are activated, they stay active until end of the Free Free Spins are played at the triggering Features Wonderways™ Play between 1,024 and 10,077,696 pay Boom Pirates feature The Boom Pirates feature activates extra rows and reels and up to 10,077,696 pay ways. Extra rows and reels are activated if they contain the winning The feature can trigger randomly in the base Mary's Swashbuckling Attack For any non-winning spin Mary may randomly swing in on a rope to change some symbols and award a 5-of-a-kind win. Other winning combinations may appear together with a 5-of-a-kind. Buy feature Instantly trigger 10 Free The feature costs 100× total The feature may not be available above a certain bet The Foxify™ feature does not affect the Buy feature Foxify™ feature You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature in the base Activate the Foxify™ feature to increase your chances of triggering the Boom Pirates feature. The Foxify™ feature increases your base game bet by 50%. The feature will be automatically deactivated in Free Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the Autoplay options Autoplay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the Loss limit: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount Single win limit: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount Start Autoplay Select a bet Click Autoplay button: Select your Autoplay options. Click Start button to begin your Autoplay Click Stop button to end Autoplay: Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin Controls Menu: Toggles the menu Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout Balance: Displays your account Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. Quick spin: Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the Autoplay: Displays the Autoplay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the Stop Autoplay: Stop the autoplay session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds control available in the The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. RTP The overall game theoretical RTP is 96.19%.