Castle Builder II General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. There are 15 paylines. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in credits. At least 3 matching symbols on a single payline trigger a winning combination. Winning 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10, 15, 20 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spins Bonus Game. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Regular symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a Bonus Feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols rules: Each playable avatar (Sam, Mandy, Igor) possesses their own Wild Symbol. These symbols substitute for other symbols to complete wins. The Wild Symbol of Sam and Mandy create their own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These symbols acts as Wild Symbols on reels 1-5 during the main game. The Wild Symbol of Mandy does not substitute for her Scatter Symbol. The Wild Horde Symbol of Igor is a Wild Symbol. The Wild Horde Symbol of Igor always covers the whole reel. The Wild Horde Symbol of Igor may appear once on the 1st - 5th reel. As an exception, sometimes 2 Wild Horde Symbols appear at the same time, once on the 1st reel and once on the 5th reel. Scatter symbol Scatter symbol rules: Only Mandy has a Scatter Symbol. This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol of Mandy. Activates the Free Spins Bonus Game when three or more appear on the five reels. Lobby Every time you start the game, you will begin in the lobby. In the lobby you choose one of 3 avatars (Sam, Mandy, Igor) to play with. Igor is only available if you complete the game once with either Sam or Mandy. In order to switch to another avatar, an ongoing castle has to be completed. Game progress is stored separately for each avatar. Cup Challenge The Cup Challenge is the default game mode to play Castle Builder II™. By completing the game the 1st time you completed the Bronze Cup Challenge for this avatar. By completing a Cup Challenge you unlock the next Cup Challenge. The game offers 4 Cup Challenges (Bronze, Silver, Gold and Diamond). Depending on the selected Cup Challenge the required amount of Construction Material per Building Block changes. Only when completing the Silver and higher Cup Challenges you are rewarded with the "Cycle Premium". Cycle premium is an extra bonus value rewarded to the player for completing cup challenges. This value is dependent on the selected cup, as well as chosen bet amounts throughout the completion process. A Cup Challenge can be cancelled (if no castle is under construction). The Cycle Premium of a cancelled Cup Challenge will be saved and paid out the next time a Silver or higher Cup Challenge is completed by the same avatar. Free Building Mode Completing the initial Bronze Cup Challenge unlocks the Free Building Mode for this avatar. Choose freely whatever castle to build as often as you want in all available kingdoms. The game mechanics in “Free Building Mode” are the same as in the Bronze Cup Challenge. World Map After completing a castle, you are automatically returned to the world map, where you can choose the next unlocked destination to build in. There are 15 uniquely themed kingdoms in the game. The 2 first and the last kingdom are always unique per avatar. 9 Kingdoms need to be finished to complete a Cup Challenge. Kingdom Map In the kingdom map the contracts open, which will start the main game. Tap on a construction site to open a contract. Tap the build button on the contract, to start/continue building the castle. During a Cup Challenge castles have to be built in the predetermined order inside a kingdom. Only if the previous castle is completed, the next castle is available to be built. If you have completed a certain number of castles, the next kingdom is unlocked. Complete all castles in all kingdoms. Castle Building Collect construction material, build castles and complete kingdoms. Castle Builder II™ features 4 different construction materials (wood - least valuable, brick, granite, iron ore - most valuable) Collect building material, fill up the construction palette and a building block is built. The number of building materials depends on the number of symbols on a single payline. 3 symbols in a payline = 1 building material 4 symbols in a payline = 2 building materials 5 symbols in a payline = 3 building materials The bonus pot is a value accumulated throughout the building process depending on the current bet amount. This pot is multiplied by a pre-defined value associated with each admirer. As these admirers appear one by one, the current worth of their associated pot is presented on the screen and updated during the building process. If all building blocks are built, the castle is complete and the wedding begins. The bonus pot is a value accumulated throughout the building process depending on the current bet amount. After completing the castle, any surplus building materials are added to the bonus pot of the current castle. No building materials are transferred to the next castle. Free Spins bonus game 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols wins 10, 15, 20 Free Spins and the Free Spin Feature evaluation starts. Free Spins bonus game rules: The player is granted 10, 15, 20 free spins when 3, 4, 5 Scatter Symbols appear respectively. All the bets and paylines played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Bonus Game. Free spins cannot be retriggered in/within Free Spins. Achievements While playing the game, the player can collect a large number of achievements. There are progress related achievements (player rank, completed castles, completed kingdoms, completed cups) and symbol related achievements (e.g. specific winning combinations). The player can view the player specific achievements in the “Achievement Tab” in the dashboard. Playing the game Place a bet and play The game can be played with either credits (default selection) or coins. The win amounts in the paytable will switch accordingly between credits and coins as well. Change from credits to coins. Tap Menu . Activate the Coins Mode to convert your account balance to coins. Deactivate the Coins Mode again to convert back your account balance to credits. Select your bet amount. Tap Stake (+) or (-) to select bet size per payline you want to bet. The selected bet size multiplied by the chosen paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. Tap Maxbet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. Tap Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap the AutoPlay button. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap the number of remaining spins. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 7/19/2017