Classic 243 Untitled Document Regular Symbols Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled win way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per spin. Only one winning combination is paid out per win way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a win way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Wild symbol This is the Wild Symbol. Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the Scatter Symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a win way. This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reel 1-5 during the main game. During the Free Spins Bonus Game, 2 or 3 guaranteed Stacked Wilds are placed on every spin. Scatter Symbol This is the Scatter Symbol. Scatter Symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. Activates the Free Spins Bonus Game when three or more appear on the five reels. Free Spins Bonus Game 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols wins 10 Free Spins and the Free Spins Bonus Game evaluation starts. Free Spins Bonus Game rules: You are awarded 10 Free Spins. All the bets and win ways played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 2-3 guaranteed Stacked Wilds are placed on every spin. 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols during Free Spins awards 10 additional Free Spins added to the remaining Free Spins in the Free Spin counter. Gamble Game After every win the player can start the Gamble Game by hitting the gamble button. Gamble Game rules: You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. You can choose one of the glowing rectangles. Choose the correct glowing rectangle (sends an energy pulse) and your wins are doubled. Choose the wrong glowing rectangle and all winnings from this round are lost. After the Free Spins the Gamble Game is available as well. The Gamble Game feature is not activated, if your win exceeds the Gamble Game activation limit. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the win way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. All 243 win ways are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 20 bet multiplier. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple win ways, you are paid out for each combination. At least 3 matching symbols on a single win way trigger a winning combination. Winning 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spin Bonus Game. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play. The game can be played with either credits (default selection) or coins. The win amounts in the paytable will switch accordingly between credits and coins as well. Change from credits to coins. How? Tap Menu . Activate the Coins Mode to convert to coins. Deactivate the Coins Mode again to convert back to credits. Select your bet amount. How? Click Stake (+) or (-) to select bet size you want to bet. The selected bet size multiplied by 20 equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. Click Maxbet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the win way, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Last modification date: 2/15/2017