Crystal Rift General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. • All 25 fixed paylines are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. • All payout tables display the credits that are won for each combination. • All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in credits. • At least 3 matching symbols on a single payline trigger a winning combination. • 3 or more symbols on a winning payline will collapse and will be replaced by new symbols falling down from the top. (Any winning combination on the reels will trigger an additional bonus fall.) • The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Regular Symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination on permanently enabled paylines except the Wild Symbol. Regular Symbol rules: • Matching symbols must be next to each other on a payline. • Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. • All wins are calculated per payline with your selected stake (and not with the total bet). • Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. Wild Symbol Wild Symbol rules: • This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. • This symbol creates its own winning combination when 5 symbols on a line appear on an enabled payline. • This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game. • After every 3rd consecutive fall during the Bonus Fall Feature, when the associated WILD GRID is triggered, every symbol will be replaced on the grid with a Wild Symbol for the following bonus fall. Bonus Falls Feature Bonus Falls Feature rules: • Any winning combination on the reels will trigger an additional bonus fall. • All symbols contributing to the winning combinations disappear. • The remaining symbols will then fall down to close any potential gaps created. • Now the bonus fall begins and new symbols fall down to complete the reels. • As long as at least one winning combination is reached the above process will repeat itself, resulting in an additional bonus fall. Wild Grid Feature Wild Grid Feature rules: • At the beginning of each initial fall a WILD GRID is randomly chosen. • A hexagon-shaped indicator represents the symbol positions included in the WILD GRID. • Each fall resulting in a winning combination lights a section of the indicators up. • After 3 consecutive falls, the assosiated WILD GRID is triggered, replacing every symbol on the grid with a Wild Symbol for the following bonus fall. • After each additional 3 consecutive falls the WILD GRID feature is triggered again. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change This game has an RTP of 96.00%. Playing the game Place a bet and play The game is played with credits. The win amounts in the paytable will be displayed in credits as well. 1. Select your bet amount. How? • Tap Stake (+) or (-) to select the bet size you want to bet. • The selected bet size multiplied by 25 fixed paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. • Tap Max bet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. - Confidential - Page 5 of 5 Copyright © Microgaming 2013 2. Tap Spin. • If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. • If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: 1. Tap the AutoPlay button. 2. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. 3. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap the AutoPlay stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. 4. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 11/22/2018