Cabaret Royale About Cabaret Royale Cabaret Royale is a 8x6 reel, sixty fixed payline slot game. The game has 60 paylines but you play on bet of 40 fixed paylines, so you have an advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. As this is a fixed line game, your bet is calculated by the coin size * number of coins * 40. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.029%. General The Game has 8 reels in total with leftmost reel and rightmost reel being six tall and remaining 6 middle reels are arranged as one set of 3 reels stacked on top of another set of 3 reels. In this game all 60 paylines are permanently enabled. The game has 60 paylines but you play on a bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have the advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. Reels 1 and 8 can get stacked symbols up to 6 high and reels 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 can get stacked symbols up to 3 high. The symbols which can be stacked are: - Wild Singer Presenter If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line) Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Diamond which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. Completes a winning Scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Full stack of Wild symbol appears only on reel 1 and 8 during base game. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Wild Feature During base game whenever a full stack of wild symbols appear on either reel 1 or 8, the wild stack will be copied to the other 6 tall reel. Wild symbols may fall anywhere on reels 2-7, except Scatter symbols, turning them wild. All the pays are evaluated after the wild feature. Encore Feature Encore feature may trigger randomly after any win of 5 x total bet or more during base game. During encore feature, player is awarded 2x of the win amount Free Spin Bonus is a Scatter symbol. 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers three different options out of which the player can choose any one. Free Spins With Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins wins are added to payline and Scatter wins. Free spins with Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild is a Scatter symbol. 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers three different options out of which the player can choose any one. Free Spins With Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature During these free spins, reels 1 & 8 are freezed with full stack of wild symbols. Wild and encore feature will not trigger during these free spins. Free spins with Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild are played on the same bet which triggered the free spin bonus. During free spins with Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild, whenever 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 additional free spins. Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature is a Scatter symbol. 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers three different options out of which the player can choose any one. Free Spins With Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature During these free spins, encore feature is triggered with higher frequency. Wild feature will not trigger during this free spin. During free spins encore feature may: Occur on any win and will pay up to 2x the win amount. Repeat on the same spin after completing 1st encore feature and pay up to 4x. Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature are played on the same bet which triggered the free spin bonus. During Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature, whenever 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 additional free spins. Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature is a Scatter symbol. 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers three different options out of which the player can choose any one. Free Spins With Reel 1 and Reel 8 Wild Free Spins With Frequent Encore Feature Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature During these free spins, wild feature & encore feature are awarded with higher frequency. During free spins encore feature may: Occur on any win and will pay up to 2x the win amount. Repeat on the same spin after completing 1st encore feature and pay up to 4x. Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature are played on the same bet which triggered the free spin bonus During Free Spins With Frequent Wild Feature And Frequent Encore Feature, whenever 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels will award 15, 12, 10 or 8 additional free spins. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Number of paylines). Spins You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop spins if Autoplay exceeds the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Important : This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Disclaimer : This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. Last modification date: 10/14/2020