Castle Builder Contents Castle Builder Game Payouts Game Rules Wild Symbol Wedding Bonus Game Achievements Playing the game AutoPlay, Options and Statistics Castle Builder About Castle Builder Castle Builder is a five reel, fifteen payline slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Wedding bonus game. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of credits paid out depends on the number of credits you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of credits won, multiplied by the number of credits played per payline. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Example Game A has the following criteria: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. You select 0.50 credits. You then bet on 3 paylines, so your total bet amount is: 0.50 credits bet per payline x 3 paylines = 1.50 credits. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 credits. So, your payout in credits is 100 credits x 0.50 credits bet per payline = 50 credits. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 credits. So, your payout in credits is 15 credits x 0.50 credits bet per payline = 7.50 credits. Your total payout in credits is 50 credits for payline 1 + 7.50 credits for payline 3 = 57.50 credits. Wedding Bonus Game Payouts Your winnings in the Wedding bonus game depend on the size of the Castle you build, and the suitor that you choose. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Bonus symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the bonus game. There is no payout for any Bonus symbol combination. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Twelve objects are displayed. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. You select 0.50 credits. You then bet on 3 paylines, so your total bet amount is: 0.50 credits bet per payline x 3 paylines = 1.50 credits. You spin the reels. Three Bonus symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. As three Bonus symbols activate the bonus game, the bonus game begins. Twelve objects are displayed. As three Bonus symbols activated the bonus game you can choose three objects Object 1 reveals 80 credits, object 2 reveals 20 credits and object 3 reveals 100 credits. So, your payout in credits is 80 credits + 20 credits + 100 credits = 200 credits. [ top ] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can only bet one coin per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. This game is a Rabcat production. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Builder symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Building Block symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Building Block Symbol Rules The Building Block symbol is not a scatter symbol. Two or more Building Block symbols must appear in a line on a winning payline in order to contribute to Castle building. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Does not create its own winning combination. Wedding Bonus Game Rules Two or more Building Block symbols appearing on a winning payline contribute towards Castle building. When the Castle is complete, the Wedding bonus game is activated. The value of the Castle determines the amount in each of the three bonus wins available. The princess moves into the castle, and the three suitors are displayed. Choose one suitor to reveal your bonus win amount. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. 6 The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild Symbol The Wild Builder symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Building Block symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. The Wild Joker symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. You select 0.50 credits. You then bet on 3 paylines, so your total bet amount is: 0.50 credits bet per payline x 3 paylines = 1.50 credits. You spin the reels. Two Wild Joker symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2 of payline 1, and one Cherry symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. As the Wild Joker symbol is wild, this completes a 3 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 credits. The two Wild Joker symbols also complete a 2 Wild Joker symbol combination and pays out 10 credits. Although you have two winning combinations you are only paid out for the 3 Cherry symbol combination, as it is the higher value payout. So, your total payout in credits is 100 credits x 0.50 credits per line= 50 credits. [ top ] Wedding Bonus Game Two or more Building Block symbols appearing on a winning payline contribute towards Castle building. When the Castle is complete, the Wedding bonus game is activated. In this game: The value of the Castle determines the amount of each of the three bonus wins available. The princess moves into the castle, and the three suitors are displayed. Choose one suitor to reveal your bonus win amount. To play the bonus game: Click on a suitor. Your bonus win amount is revealed. The bonus win amounts of the rejected suitors are also revealed. You receive a Rank-Up medal, and you move forward to the next level of the game to build a new castle. If you have unlocked a new Achievement, it is displayed after your Rank-Up medal is shown, and a bonus amount is awarded. You then move forward to the next level of Example G ame A has the following criteria: Three or more Bonus symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the bonus game. There is no payout for any B onus symbol combination. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You choose objects, until you find a Collect . You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. You select 0.50 credits. You then bet on 3 paylines, so your total bet amount is: 0.50 credits bet per payline x 3 paylines = 1.50 credits. You spin the reels. Three Bonus symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. As three Bonus symbols activate the bonus game, the bonus game begins. Twelve objects are displayed. Click objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Object 1 reveals 80 credits, object 2 reveals 20 credits and object 3 reveals 100 credits. Object 4 reveals a Collect . So, your payout in coins is 80 credits + 20 credits + 100 credits = 200 credits. [ top ] Achievements Achievements are awarded for every fifth castle you build. Each achievement has a bonus payout. Achievement bonuses are based on your winnings in the Wedding bonus game. Achievement bonuses are paid out again when you complete the full game cycle and start again from the beginning. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the progress screen, even after you exit the game. To view your current achievements: Click the Avatar at the top left of the main game screen. You can view: How many castles you have built. Medals you have earned. Achievements you have earned. Example Three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. You are paid out for a 3 Cherry symbol combination. The 3 Cherry symbol combination payout is highlighted on the payout table. Once you have won the 4 Cherry symbol and 5 Cherry symbol combinations, the Cherry symbol is unlocked and highlighted in gold. [ top ] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click the Lines arrows to select the number of paylines you want to play. 2. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Max Bet . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options A utoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session.