Cool Buck Mobile General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. During the base game the wild symbol stacks on reels 3 and 4. During free spins the wild symbol stacks on all reels. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins Tokens feature Tokens are randomly attached to low symbols. Each token awards one free spin that is added to your Free Spins bank. Collect tokens to activate free spins. Only one token is banked per reel per spin. Once free spins are complete your Free Spins bank resets to 5. This feature is not available during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game There are two ways to activate free spins: Three or more scatter symbols scattered on the reels. 30 or more banked tokens. The number of free spins awarded depends on the number of tokens displayed in your Free Spins bank. All wins displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by the average bet. The average bet is calculated from the bets placed on spins that collect tokens or activate the free spins. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements.  Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap and hold Spin to open the spin settings. Tap and drag to select the number of spins you want to play. Tap Play to return to the game and start AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap and hold the number of remaining spins. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 4/6/2017