Cherries Gone Wild About Cherries Gone Wild Cherries Gone Wild is a five reel, thirty payline, and six hundred chip slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of chips that are won for each combination. The total number of chips paid out depends on the number of chips you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of chips won, multiplied by the number of chips played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of chips won multiplied by the chip size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. During the free spins more Wild Cherry symbols are added to the reels. The Wild Cherry symbol is a wild symbol. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to twenty chips per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Cherry symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded ten free spins. During the free spins more Wild Cherry symbols are added to the reels. The Wild Cherry symbol is a wild symbol. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of chips that are won for each combination. The total number of chips paid out depends on the number of chips you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of chips won, multiplied by the number of chips played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of chips won multiplied by the chip size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your chips to credits is: Number of chips x chip size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Wild Cherries symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Free Spins Bonus Game Three Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. During the free spins more Wild Cherry symbols are added to the reels. The Wild Cherry symbol is a wild symbol. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Chip Size (+) or (-) to select the chip size you want to bet. Click Chips Per Line (+) or (-) to select the number of chips you want to bet per payline. To bet the maximum number of chips permitted, click Bet Max . The number of chips bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin. The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Last modification date: 5/16/2018