Deco Diamonds Deco Diamonds About Deco Diamonds Welcome to Deco Diamonds a Video Slot featuring Re-spin and Bonus Wheel. Game Rules General Deco Diamonds is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 3 rows and 9 lines. Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. A line win is calculated by multiplying the symbol win multiplier from the PAYTABLE by the total bet. Only the highest win per line is paid. Deco Diamonds symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. The payout for the Bonus Wheel is awarded when the game round is complete. RE-SPIN 2, 3 or 4 Deco Diamonds symbols award one Re-spin. During the Re-spin, all reels with a Deco Diamonds symbol remain in place while all other reels spin and stop. One or more additional Deco Diamonds symbols during Re-spin will award one additional Re-spin. When no additional Deco Diamonds symbols appear or all reels contain Deco Diamonds symbols, the game round ends or Bonus Wheel is launched. BONUS WHEEL 3, 4 or 5 Deco Diamonds symbols award the Bonus Wheel. The Bonus Wheel is awarded at the end of the game round. There are 3 Levels of the Bonus Wheel: Silver, Gold and Diamond. 3 Deco Diamonds symbols award Silver level, 4 symbols - Gold level and 5 symbols - Diamond level. When the wheel stops, the prize on the indicated tile is awarded. If the wheel stops on the level up tile the Bonus Wheel is upgraded from Silver level to Gold level, or from Gold level to Diamond level. The Diamond level is the final level. The Silver, Gold and Diamond Bonus Wheel levels award prizes according to the PAYTABLE. The probability of the Bonus Wheel stopping on any tile is determined by the game's random number generator and not the number or size of the tiles on the wheel. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation DECO DIAMONDS DECO DIAMONDS RE-SPIN RE-SPIN BONUS WHEEL BONUS WHEEL WILD DIAMONDS WILD DIAMONDS BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet field Displays the current bet size. Balance field Displays the current account balance. Win field Displays the pay in a winning round. Last modification date: 1/18/2018