Dragon Dance General In this game all 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. A bet multiplier of 25 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 25 bet multiplier = 125 total coins bet. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per pay way. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Only appears on reels 2 and 4. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination.  Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a pay way to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Free Spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 15 free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The Respin feature is not available during free spins. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Respin feature You can respin a reel at the end of any spin for an additional cost. The cost is calculated in credits. The cost of a respin is calculated separately for each reel. The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Changing the coin size affects the calculation of the respin cost. So, if you change your coin size after a spin, the respin feature is disabled until you spin again. You can respin a reel multiple times. You are only paid out for new winning combinations that are formed as a result of a respin. The Respin feature is not available during free spins. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the pay table, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 5/16/2018