Deco Diamonds Deluxe About Deco Diamonds Deluxe Welcome to Deco Diamonds Deluxe, a video slot featuring Re-spin, Bonus Wheel and Just For The Boost feature with Deco Diamonds Deluxe Symbol Nudge. Game Rules General Deco Diamonds Deluxe is a video slot with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 9 Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the Only the highest win per line is Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols are Wild Wild symbols substitute for all Simultaneous wins on different lines are The payout for the Bonus Wheel is awarded when the game round is Re-spin 2, 3 or 4 Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols award one Re-spin. During the Re-spin, all reels with a Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbol remain in place while all other reels spin and One or more additional Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols during Re-spin will award one additional Re-spin. When no additional Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols appear or all reels contain Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols, the Re-spin Bonus Wheel 3, 4 or 5 Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols award the Bonus Wheel, which is awarded after the spin is There are 3 Levels of the Bonus Wheel: Silver, Gold and 3 Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbols award Silver level, 4 symbols - Gold level and 5 symbols - Diamond level. When the wheel stops, the prize on the indicated tile is awarded, according to the PAYTABLE. If the wheel stops on the level up tile the Bonus Wheel is upgraded from Silver level to Gold level, or from Gold level to Diamond The Diamond level is the final The Silver, Gold and Diamond Bonus Wheel levels award prizes according to the PAYTABLE. The probability of the Bonus Wheel stopping on any tile is determined by the game's random number generator and not the number or size of the tiles on the Just For The Boost and Deco Diamonds Deluxe Symbol Nudge The game can be played either with the Just For The Boost feature on or with the feature Just For The Boost can only be enabled or disabled before or after a spin, but never during a When the Just For The Boost feature is enabled, the bet is increased by 50%. When Just For The Boost is enabled, the Deco Diamonds Deluxe Symbol Nudge is enabled. If a Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbol lands just outside of the 5x3 reel area, the Deco Diamonds Deluxe Symbol Nudge will cause that reel to shift one position, so that the Deco Diamonds Deluxe symbol ends up on the 5x3 reel Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation DECO DIAMONDS DELUXE DECO DIAMONDS DELUXE BONUS WHEEL BONUS WHEEL DECO DIAMONDS DELUXE SYMBOL NUDGE DECO DIAMONDS DELUXE SYMBOL NUDGE RE-SPIN RE-SPIN JUST FOR THE BOOST JUST FOR THE BOOST The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). English Term Translation BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes: Game Mode RTP % Base game only 96.03% Base game and Just For The Boost 96.12% Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Item Description Just For The Boost Enables or disables Just For The Boost. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing