Double Lucky Line Welcome to Double Lucky Line, a Video Slot featuring Double Symbol, Random Wild Feature, Free Spins, and Lucky Wild symbols. Game Rules General Double Lucky Line is a Video Slot with 17 lines and 15 independent reels in a 5 column, 3 row layout. Win on a line pays if 3 or more of the same symbol appear in succession, from the leftmost position to the right according to the PAYTABLE. A line win is calculated by multiplying the symbol win multiplier from the PAYTABLE by the total bet. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Double Symbol The middle positions on each column are double positions, both in the main game and in Free Spins. Double positions contain a Double Symbol. During Free Spins you can unlock more double positions. Any Double Symbol that lands is counted as two single symbols when calculating wins. Double Symbol exists for all symbols except for Lucky Wild symbols. A Double Symbol always contains two of the same symbol. Wild symbols There are three types of Wild symbols in the game: Regular Wild, Double Wild and Lucky Wild .Lucky Wild symbols appear only in the Free Spins game. A Double Wild counts as two Regular Wild symbols when calculating payouts. Regular Wild symbols substitute for all single symbols except Free Spins symbols and Lucky Wild symbols. Double Wild symbol substitutes for all double symbols except Free Spins symbols. Lucky Wild symbols substitute for all single symbols except Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Random Wild Feature This feature triggers randomly only during the base game. Between 2 and 6 Wild symbols will appear in any position on the reels. Free Spins cannot be triggered when Random Wild feature is active. Free Spins 5 or more Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game will activate Free Spins. If 5 Free Spins Symbols land, 10 Free Spins are awarded. If more than 5 Free Spins Symbols land, one extra spin is awarded for each additional Free Spins symbol. Wins during Free Spins are added to the total win. There are no Free Spins Symbols on the reels in Free Spins. For each Lucky Wild that lands, one extra spin is awarded. If a Lucky Wild symbol lands, it is counted as a Regular Wild symbol when calculating wins during this spin. If a Lucky Wild symbol has landed, that position will turn into a double position for the remaining Free Spins. Game Terms Translations English Term Translation DOUBLE LUCKY LINE DOUBLE LUCKY LINE LUCKY WILD LUCKY WILD DOUBLE SYMBOL DOUBLE SYMBOL FREE SPINS FREE SPINS DOUBLE FREE SPINS SYMBOL DOUBLE FREE SPINS SYMBOL BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.02%. Last modification date: 10/14/2020