Dream Date General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 15 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 15 bet multiplier = 75 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 200 total coins bet x 0.01 coin size = 2 total credits bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Game modes You can choose to play in Historic or Modern mode. In each mode you can select a dream date. The selected dream date becomes the highest paying Date symbol. All payouts remain the same in the regular game. You can change game modes in the regular game only. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbols This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. This symbol does not substitute for the Lady or any Date symbols to activate the Hot Zones feature. Scatter symbols This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins There are two ways to activate free spins: Three or more scatter symbols scattered on the reels. Hot Zones feature award. A wild symbol displayed on the centre reel acts as an expanding wild symbol during the free spins. Any expanding wild symbol substitution wins are doubled. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Hot Zones feature A Lady and a Date symbol displayed in the centre of reels 1 and 5 activates the Hot Zones feature. You are awarded up to a 40x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. If the Date symbol is your selected dream date, you can also win 8 free spins. This feature is available during the regular game only. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap AutoPlay. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. To stop AutoPlay, tap Stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Quick spin. To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 4/5/2018