Dreams of Fortune About Dreams of Fortune Dreams of Fortune is a five reel, thirty payline slot game, with: General A Wild Fall Feature. A Scatter symbol. A Toss N Turn bonus (5 x 4 Reels free spins). A Wild Dream bonus (243 Way). General Game has fixed 30 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line) Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.30 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.30 credits / 30 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.30 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.30 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.30 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter(refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Wild symbol The Dreams of Fortune symbol is a Wild symbol . Substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Dreams of Fortune symbol creates their own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a win line. Randomly on any spin, the clock shakes and drops on the head of shepherd which results in falling of Wild symbols anywhere on one or more reel symbols and replace them into Wild, except Scatter symbol. In Wild Fall Feature, the Wild symbol can only be swapped with a “Mystery” symbol position which comes during the reel spin. All pays are evaluated after the Wild Fall Feature is completed. Wild Fall Feature cannot be triggered in Free spin bonus. Dreaming Shepherd symbol acts as Wild during Free spin bonus and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol . This symbol: Completes a winning Scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels trigger Free spin bonus. Cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Toss N Turn bonus and Wild Dream bonus are the two different bonuses which are awarded in the Free spin bonus round. One of them is randomly awarded when triggered. Free spin bonus round cannot be re-triggered in Toss N Turn bonus and Wild Dream bonus. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Scatter symbol does not appear on the reels during Free spins i.e. Toss N Turn bonus and Wild Dream bonus. Toss N Turn bonus Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on reels activate the Free spin bonus. When Toss N Turn bonus is triggered, 15, 11 or 7 Free spins are awarded for 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols respectively. During Toss N Turn bonus, Game becomes 5 x 4 format with 40 paylines. On every spin a cloud animation is played over reel area and Dreaming Shepherd symbol appears randomly on 2, 3 or 4 connected reel positions which become Wild. Dreaming Shepherd symbol acts as Wild during Free spin bonus and substitutes for all symbols. Dreaming Shepherd symbol also substitutes for Wild symbol inside Free spins . When sheep randomly lands over clock, 5 additional 5x4 reels Free spins with 40 paylines are awarded. Toss N Turn bonus is triggered on the same bet which triggered Free spin bonus. Dreaming Shepherd symbol can appear in below formats in the game: Scatter symbol does not appear on the reels during Toss N Turn bonus. Wild Dream bonus Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on reels activate the Free spin bonus. When Wild Dream bonus is triggered, 20, 15 or 10 Free spins are awarded for 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols respectively. During Wild Dream bonus, game becomes 243 ways. On every spin Dreaming Shepherd symbol rolls over the reel area and lands on one of the reels. That entire reel will turn into stacked Wild. The Dreams of Fortune(Wild) symbol will be shown in stack format in this feature. When sheep randomly lands over clock, 5 additional 243 ways Free spins are awarded. Wild Dream bonus is triggered on the same bet which triggered Free spin bonus. Highest winning combination is awarded per ways winning combination. Wild Dream bonus wins pay left to right on adjacent reels. Symbols do not need to be displayed in a line on an enabled payline to win. Wild Dream bonus feature payouts depend on your bet per payline. Scatter symbol does not appear on the reels during Wild Dream bonus. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap Autoplay On . Tap the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, tap Stop . Last modification date: 1/31/2017