Dragonz General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 40 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 40 bet multiplier = 200 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. This symbol can activate the Wild Deal™ feature. This feature is randomly activated after any non-winning spin with a wild symbol displayed on reel 3 during the regular slot game. Extra wild symbols are randomly scattered onto the reels to create a winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game You can play one of four free spin bonus games. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Flint free spins This bonus game has a Flaming Wilds™ feature. An increasing number of wild symbols are randomly scattered onto the reels during the free spins. Switch free spins This bonus game has a Stashed Wilds™ feature. All non-winning wild symbols are stashed. When three or more wild symbols are stashed, they are randomly scattered on the reels to create a winning combination. Free spins continue until all stashed wild symbols are awarded. Frost free spins This bonus game has a Frosty Wilds™ feature. All non-winning wild symbols on the reels are held until they contribute to a winning combination. Free spins continue until no held wild symbols remain on the reels. Gobble free spins This bonus game has a Winning Wilds™ feature. Extra wild symbols are randomly scattered onto the reels and held until they no longer contribute to a winning combination. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap quick spin Off. To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The overall theoretical return to player is 96.46%. Last modification date: 12/4/2020