Diamond Force Diamond Force™ is a five reel 1024 way ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ ways slot game including: General TEAM-UP REELS™ Regular Symbols Wild Symbol Full Stack Bonus Symbol Team-Up Feature Team-Up Bonus Spins Game Rules General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 5 reels, with 4 symbol rows each and 1024 active ways. Featuring: ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ - Winning combinations can be anywhere on the reels! 3 or more matching symbols on a way, on adjacent reels, represent a winning combination. Only the highest win per way will be paid. Way wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.10. For example, 0.20 credits bet per spin = 0.20 / 0.10 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. TEAM-UP REELS™ Featuring: TEAM-UP REELS™ - Symbols combine to create new reels! Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on a way. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Wild Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols. This symbol does not substitute for Bonus symbols. This symbol appears on reels 1 and 5 only. Full Stack Bonus Symbol This symbol is a Full Stack Bonus symbol. This symbol appears on reel 5 only. Team-Up Feature These symbols are Full Stack feature symbols. Landing any combination of 3 or 4 Full Stack feature symbols triggers the Team-Up Feature. During the Team-Up Feature the triggering symbols form a new gameboard with feature reels consisting of credit awards and multipliers. Each triggering Full Stack feature symbol creates a reel with 3 symbol rows. All credit awards landed are awarded. Each 2x, 3x, or 5x that lands multiplies the total feature win by 2x, 3x, or 5x, respectively. These symbols add 5x multipliers, high credit awards, 3x multipliers, and 2x multipliers to their created Team-Up Feature reel respectively. More than one multiplier may multiply the feature win. The Team-Up Feature is played at the same bet multiplier as the triggering game. The Team-Up feature ends when all landed credit amounts and multipliers have been awarded. Feature wins are added to regular wins. Team-Up Bonus Spins Landing a Full Stack Bonus symbol and any combination of 2 or more Full Stack feature symbols triggers the Team-Up Bonus Spins. 3 bonus spins are awarded. During the Team-Up Bonus Spins, the triggering symbols form a new gameboard with bonus reels consisting of credit awards, multipliers, and extra spins. Each triggering Full Stack feature symbol and Full Stack Bonus creates a reel with 3 symbol rows. This symbol adds +1 spin, +2 spins, and +3 spins along with 2x, 3x, and 5x multipliers to its created reel. The Full Stack feature symbols add the same items to their created reels as the Team-Up Feature. Any extra spins landed are added to the remaining total of bonus spins, up to a maximum of 20 bonus spins in total. All credit awards landed are awarded. Each 2x, 3x, or 5x that lands multiplies the bonus spin win by 2x, 3x, or 5x, respectively. More than one multiplier may multiply the bonus spin win. The Team-Up Bonus Spins are played at the same bet multiplier as the triggering game. The Team-Up Bonus Spins end when you do not have any remaining spins. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. This feature tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. Symbol combinations must include at least one non-wild symbol to be logged as achievements. Bonus spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. • SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). • PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. • TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. • RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Item Description AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.53%. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about Autoplay options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay Options SPINS Set the number of spins you want to play. WIN LIMIT Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. LOSS LIMIT Stop the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected or more. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2020