Dragons Myth Contents Dragon's Myth™ Game Payouts Game Rules Wild Symbol Scatter Symbol Dragon Bounty Bonus Feature Free Spins Bonus Gam Dragon's Cave Bonus Game Gamble Feature Playing the game AutoPlay, Options and Statistics Dragon's Myth™ About Dragon's Myth™ Dragon's Myth™ is a five reel, twenty payline, and twenty coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Dragon's Cave bonus game. A Dragon Bounty feature. A Gamble feature. [top] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Example Game A has the following criteria: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. Your total payout in coins is 1 000 coins for payline 1 + 150 coins for payline 3 = 1 150 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 150 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 575 credits. Dragon Bounty Feature Payouts When all four dragons are caught, there is a battle and you are awarded a random bonus amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Bonus symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the bonus game. There is no payout for any Bonus symbol combination. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Twelve objects are displayed. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You can only choose one object. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bonus symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. As three Bonus symbols activate the bonus game, the bonus game begins. Twelve objects are displayed. You choose an object. The object reveals 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins. And your total payout in credits is 100 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 50 credits. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to twenty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Dragon Bounty feature is not available during the free spins. One Bonus symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 during a free spin activates the Dragon's Cave bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. There is a fixed wild on one reel in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 of payline 1, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. The wild symbol substitutes for the Cherry symbol to complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination. This pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pay out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 150 coins x 2 = 2 300 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 2 300 coins for the second free spin = 4 300 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 4 300 coins for the bonus game win = 4 510 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 510 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 2 255 credits. Dragon's Cave Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded three extra free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Bonus symbol that activated the bonus game is transformed into a Shoot symbol. You place one Shoot symbol in any position on reel 2 or 4. The Shoot symbol is a fixed wild for the remaining free spins. If another Shoot symbol appears on reel 1 or 5 during the extra free spins, you can place the symbol in any position on reel 2 or 4. You are awarded another three extra free spins. You can only place a total of two Shoot symbols as fixed wilds on the reels 2 or 4 during the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. There is a fixed wild on one reel in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 of payline 1, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. The wild symbol substitutes for the Cherry symbol to complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination. This pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, two Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2 of payline 2, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 2. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 3 810 coins. And your total payout in credits is 3 810 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 1 905 credits. Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the egg doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Example Game A has the following criteria: Any win activates the Gamble feature. The gamble activation limit is set at 400 credits. The gamble limit is set at 400 credits or five gambles per game. You select 0.50 credits. You then bet on 3 paylines, so your total bet amount is: 0.50 credits bet per payline x 3 paylines = 1.50 credits. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 credits. So, your payout is 100 credits x 0.50 credits bet per payline = 50 credits. The Gamble feature begins. On the first gamble, you choose the card colour Black and the next card drawn is a Jack of Spades. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 50 credits won x 2 = 100 credits. On the second gamble, you choose the card suit Diamonds and the next card drawn is a Three of Diamonds. As you guessed the correct card suit, your win amount is quadrupled. So your payout is 100 credits won x 4 = 400 credits. As the gamble limit is set to 400 credits, the feature is over and you are returned to the regular game. [top] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. All twenty paylines are permanently enabled. 2. You can only bet one coin per payline. So, you bet 20 coins per spin. 3. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. 2. Substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations when 1, 2, 3 or 4 appear on the reels. 3. Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. 4. Does not substitute for the Bonus symbol. 5. Creates its own winning combination when 5 appear in a line on an enabled payline. 6. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules 1. Three or more Free Spins symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. 2. You are awarded up to twenty free spins. 3. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. 4. The Dragon Bounty feature is not available during the free spins. 5. One Bonus symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 during a free spin activates the Dragon's Cave bonus game. 6. The extra free spins awarded and any remaining free spins are played in the Dragon's Cave bonus game. 7. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 8. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. 9. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 10. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Dragon's Cave Bonus Game Rules 1. One Bonus symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 during a free spin activates the Dragon's Cave bonus game. 2. You are awarded three extra free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. 3. The Bonus symbol that activated the bonus game is transformed into a Shoot symbol. 4. You place one Shoot symbol in any position on reel 2 or 4. The Shoot symbol is a fixed wild for the remaining free spins. 5. If another Shoot symbol appears on reel 1 or 5 during the extra free spins, you can place the symbol in any position on reel 2 or 4. You are awarded another three extra free spins. 6. You can only place a total of two Shoot symbols as fixed wilds on the reels 2 or 4 during the bonus game. 7. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 8. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. 9. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 10. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Dragon Bounty Bonus Feature Rules 1. Capture all four of the dragon symbols in the regular game to earn a Dragon Bounty bonus. 2. The bottom right position on the reels is a cage. When a dragon symbol appears in this position, it is caught. 3. The coloured bars on the spin button light up with each capture, until all four dragons have been caught. 4. When all four dragons are caught, there is a battle and you are awarded a random bonus amount. 5. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. 6. The Dragon Bounty feature is not available during the free spins. 7. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Gamble Feature Rules 1. Any win activates the Gamble feature. 2. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. 3. You choose one dragon egg. 4. The egg cracks. If there is a dragon in the egg, your winnings are doubled and you can gamble again. 5. If you lose, the gamble is over and you are returned to the regular game. 6. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. 7. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. 8. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules 1. All twenty paylines are permanently enabled. 2. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. 3. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. 4. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. This does not apply to wins during the Free Spins bonus game. 5. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. 6. You can only bet one coin per payline. So, you bet 20 coins per spin. 7. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. 8. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. 9. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. 10. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 11. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. 12. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. 13. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations when 1, 2, 3 or 4 appear on the reels. Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. Does not substitute for the Bonus symbol. Creates its own winning combination when 5 appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. The Wild Joker symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second,third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Two Wild Joker symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2, and two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 3 and 4 of payline 1. As the Wild Joker symbol is wild, this completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. The two Wild Joker symbols also complete a 2 Wild Joker symbol combination and pays out 10 coins. Although you have two winning combinations you are only paid out for the 4 Cherry symbol combination, as it is the higher value payout. So, your total payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 000 coins x 0.50 coin size = 500 credits. [top] Scatter Symbol The Free Spins symbol and the Bonus symbol are scatter symbols. These symbols: Do not create their own winning combination. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Activate the bonus games: Three or more Free Spins symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. One Bonus symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 during a free spin activates the Dragon's Cave bonus game. [top] Dragon Bounty Bonus Feature Capture all four of the dragon symbols in the regular game to earn a Dragon Bounty bonus. In this feature: The bottom right position on the reels is a cage. When a dragon symbol appears in this position, it is caught. The coloured bars on the spin button light up with each capture, until all four dragons have been caught. When all four dragons are caught, there is a battle and you are awarded a random bonus amount. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. The Dragon Bounty feature is not available during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Collect Bonus symbols to activate the bonus game. There is no payout for any Bonus symbol combination. Three Bonus symbols collected activates the bonus game. You are awarded a random bonus amount. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bonus symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. The Bonus symbols are collected. As three collected Bonus symbols activate the bonus game, the bonus game begins. An object appears on the reels and reveals 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins. And your total payout in credits is 100 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 50 credits. [top] Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Free Spins symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to twenty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. The Dragon Bounty feature is not available during the free spins. One Bonus symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 during a free spin activates the Dragon's Cave bonus game. The extra free spins awarded and any remaining free spins are played in the Dragon's Cave bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. There is a fixed wild on one reel in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 of payline 1, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. The wild symbol substitutes for the Cherry symbol to complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination. This pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pay out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 150 coins x 2 = 2 300 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 2 300 coins for the second free spin = 4 300 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 4 300 coins for the bonus game win = 4 510 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 510 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 2 255 credits. [top] Dragon's Cave Bonus Game One Bonus symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 during a free spin activates the Dragon's Cave bonus game. In this game: You are awarded three extra free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Bonus symbol that activated the bonus game is transformed into a Shoot symbol. You place one Shoot symbol in any position on reel 2 or 4. The Shoot symbol is a fixed wild for the remaining free spins. If another Shoot symbol appears on reel 1 or 5 during the extra free spins, you can place the symbol in any position on reel 2 or 4. You are awarded another three extra free spins. You can only place a total of two Shoot symbols as fixed wilds on the reels 2 or 4 during the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Regular winning combinations in the Free Spins bonus game pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. There is a fixed wild on one reel in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 of payline 1, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. The wild symbol substitutes for the Cherry symbol to complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination. This pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pay out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 150 coins x 2 = 2 300 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 2 300 coins for the second free spin = 4 300 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 4 300 coins for the bonus game win = 4 510 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 510 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 2 255 credits. [top] Gamble Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: You choose one dragon egg. The egg cracks. If there is a dragon in the egg, your winnings are doubled and you can gamble again. If you lose, the gamble is over and you are returned to the regular game. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Example Game A has the following criteria: Any win activates the Gamble feature. The gamble activation limit is set at 8 000 coins. The gamble limit is set at 8 000 coins or five gambles per game. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Gamble feature begins. On the first gamble, you choose the card colour black and the next card drawn is a Jack of Spades. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 1 000 coins won x 2 = 2 000 coins. On the second gamble, you choose the card colour red and the next card drawn is a Three of Diamonds. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 2 000 coins x 2 = 4 000 coins. On the third gamble, you choose the card colour red and the next card drawn is a Ten of Hearts. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 4 000 coins x 2 = 8 000 coins. As the gamble limit is set to 8 000 coins, the feature is over and you are returned to the regular game. Your total payout in coins is 8 000 coins and your total payout in credits is 8 000 coins x 0.50 coin size = 4 000 credits. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. To play: 1. Select your betting and payout mode. How? Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. 2. Click the Bet arrow buttons to select the coin size you want to bet per payline. To bet the maximum coin size per payline and all paylines enabled, click Max bet . 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session.