Dragon Shard About Dragon Shard Dragon Shard is a 5 reel, 40 payline, and 100 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Mystery symbol feature Win Booster™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. The number of coins per line is calculated using the first 5 paylines only. For example, 5 coins bet per payline x 0.5 coin size = 2.5 credits bet x first 5 paylines = 12.50 total credits bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. When Win Booster™ is not activated regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. When Win Booster™ is activated regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, starting from the first or fifth slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline excluding Win Booster™. All regular symbols create a symbol stack. Wild symbol This symbol creates its own winning combination. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet excluding Win Booster™. Mystery symbol feature The Mystery symbols transform into other symbols. The Mystery symbol can create a symbol stack of any high, low or wild symbols. There is no payout for any Mystery symbol combination. This feature is available during free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Win Booster™ feature You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature in the regular game. You can choose to boost your bet and improve your Mystery symbols. The extra bet is calculated at double your current bet. The Mystery symbols transform into other symbols. The Mystery symbol can create a symbol stack of any high or wild symbols. Free Spins bonus game The Mystery Reels™ feature is available during the free spins. Mystery Reels™ only appear on reels 2, 3 or 4. Mystery Reels™ contain Mystery symbols that can create symbol stacks. During free spins each scatter symbol that appears on the reels awards 1 free spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Lines Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. X button Closes the game Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes: Game Mode RTP % Base game only 96.41% Base game and Win Booster™ 96.77% Last modification date: 10/14/2020