Enchanting Spells About Enchanting Spells Enchanting Spells is a 8x6 reel, sixty fixed payline slot game. General Scatter symbol Wild symbol Wizard Feature Free Spin Bonus Random Multiplier Free Spins Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins Wizard on all reels Free Spins The game has 60 paylines but you play on bet of 40 fixed paylines, so you have an advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. As this is a fixed line game, your bet is calculated by the coin size * number of coins * 40. General The Game has 8 reels in total with leftmost reel and rightmost reel being six tall and remaining 6 middle reels are arranged as one set of 3 reels stacked on top of another set of 3 reels. In this game all 60 paylines are permanently enabled. The game has 60 paylines but you play on a bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have the advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. The Game contains 6 high, 3 high and 1 high display versions of certain symbols. All reels can get stacked symbols up to 3 high except reels 1 and 8 which can also get stacked symbols up to 6 high. The symbols which can be stacked are – Wizard Woman Book Staff Potion Hat Mirror Only Wizard and Woman symbols can get stacked up to 6 high, all other symbols can get stacked up to 3 high only. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line) Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 40 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 40 credits / 40 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Scatter symbol Crystal ball symbol is a Scatter symbol. Completes a winning Scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol Wizard symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Wild symbol appears only on Reels 1 and 8. Wild symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a win line. Wizard Feature Wizard symbol is a Wild symbol. Anytime a full stack Wizard Wild symbol appears on reel 1 and/or reel 8, it will turn all the Book symbols into Wild symbol. Book symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol during the Wizard Feature. All pays are evaluated after the Wizard Feature. Wizard Feature may trigger during the base game or Free Spins bonus except during 'Wizard on all reels Free Spins'. Free Spin Bonus Crystal ball symbol is a Scatter symbol. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers 3 different Crystal balls to choose, out of which player can choose any one. Picked Crystal ball will award any 1 of the below 3 Free Spin Bonuses – Random Multiplier Free Spins Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins Wizard on all reels Free Spins All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins wins are added to payline and Scatter wins. Random Multiplier Free Spins 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers 3 different Crystal balls to choose, out of which player can choose any one. Picked Crystal ball will award any 1 of the below 3 Free Spin Bonuses – Random Multiplier Free Spins Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins Wizard on all reels Free Spins On selection of any 1 of the Crystal balls, Random Multiplier Free Spins is awarded to the player. During Random Multiplier Free Spins, a random multiplier of 2x, 3x or 4x is awarded on every spin. Any resulting wins are multiplied by the awarded multiplier. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 additional Free Spins and added to the current Free Spins. Random Multiplier Free Spins are played on the same bet which triggered the Free Spin Bonus. Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins Crystal ball symbol is a Scatter symbol. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers 3 different Crystal balls to choose, out of which player can choose any one. Picked Crystal ball will award any 1 of the below 3 Free Spin Bonuses – Random Multiplier Free Spins Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins Wizard on all reels Free Spins On selection of any 1 of the Crystal balls, Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins is awarded to the player. During Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins, 6 high Wizard symbol freezes on reel 8 and triggers the Wizard Feature on every spin. Book symbols act as Wild and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbol. 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels award 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 additional Free Spins and added to the current Free Spins. Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins are played on the same bet which triggered the Free Spin Bonus. Wizard on all reels Free Spins Crystal ball symbol is a Scatter symbol. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers 3 different Crystal balls to choose, out of which player can choose any one. Picked Crystal ball will award any 1 of the below 3 Free Spin Bonuses – Random Multiplier Free Spins Guaranteed Wizard Free Spins Wizard on all reels Free Spins On selection of any 1 of the Crystal balls, Wizard on all reels Free Spins is awarded to the player. During Wizard on all reels Free Spins, Wizard symbol can appear on all reels. Book symbol is not available during this feature. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels award 30, 25, 20, 16, 12 or 8 additional Free Spins and are added to the current Free Spins. Wizard on all reels Free Spins are played on the same bet which triggered the Free Spin Bonus. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Disclaimer: This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. Last modification date: 7/6/2017