Emperor of the Sea Mobile About Emperor of the Sea Emperor of the Sea is a five reel, 38, 68 or 88 payline, and 880 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol combination wins. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. The Growing Wilds™ feature is available during the free spins. The wild symbol stacks on all reels. The stack grows by one symbol per spin, starting from 8 symbols, until the stack reaches 15 symbols. The stacked wild symbol completes winning combinations. Free spins cannot be re-activated. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Last modification date: 3/1/2017