European Roulette Game Payouts To calculate your payout, divide the odds. For example 2:1, divide 2 by 1 = 2. Multiply the result by your regular bet + your regular bet = your total win. H and combination O dds Blackjack 3:2 Standard win 1:1 Insurance win 2:1 B etting and payouts If your first two cards are an Ace and a card with a value of 10, you have Blackjack. Your hand stands. Blackjack pays 3:2 on your regular bet. Standard win pays 1:1 on your regular bet. Insurance win pays 2:1 on your regular bet. If the dealer has a hand that exceeds 21, the dealer’s hand is bust. Your hand wins. If the dealer’s hand and your hand have Blackjack or the same value, the hands push. On a push, your regular bet is returned to you. To calculate your payout, divide the odds. For example 2:1, divide 2 by 1 = 2. Multiply the result by your regular bet + your regular bet = your total win. General Beat the dealer by getting a higher value hand, without exceeding 21, or by the dealer's hand going bust. This game is played with two standard decks of 52 playing cards, that are shuffled before each game. The dealer is dealt one card, face-up and you are dealt two cards, face-up. Blackjack is the strongest hand and automatically stands. Blackjack is a combination of an Ace and a card with a value of 10. All face cards have a value of 10. Aces can have a value of either 1 or 11. Blackjack cannot be beaten, only matched. When you hit, you are dealt one card. When you stand, you end play. You do not receive any more cards. The dealer stands on all 17. You and the dealer can draw up to nine additional cards to make a hand of eleven cards, provided the value does not exceed 21. If a hand does not exceed 21 after eleven cards, the hand stands. Surrender is not available. Double down Think you can beat the dealer with the next card drawn? Double your bet, double your win! You can double down on your first two cards if they are a hard hand with a value of 9, 10 or 11 only. A hard hand does not contain an Ace, or the Ace has a value of 1 and not 11. A double down bet is equal to your regular bet amount. When you double down, you are dealt one card and your hand stands. You cannot double down after a split. Splitting Seeing double? Split and play two hands! You can split two cards that have the same denomination only. When you split, a bet equal to your regular bet is placed on the second hand. You are dealt a new card to each hand. If you split a pair of Aces and draw a card with a value of 10, this is not Blackjack, it has a value of 21. This also applies to splitting cards with a value of 10 and then drawing an Ace. You can only split once per game, equalling two hands. Your split hands are completed before the dealer plays their hand. Insurance If the dealer's first card is an Ace, you can take insurance against the dealer getting Blackjack. An insurance bet costs half your regular bet amount. Insurance bet wins or losses are independent from your regular bet. Insurance only covers your original hand. It does not cover any second hands on a split or a double down. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the insurance bet is removed from the table. The insurance bet cost is deducted from your credit balance, the game continues. If the dealer has Blackjack, the insurance bet pays out at odds of 2:1. To calculate your payout, divide the odds, 2 by 1 = 2. Multiply 2 by your insurance bet + your insurance bet = your total win. Place a bet Tap the chip selection arrows to select the chip size you want to bet. Tap the betting area on the table to place a bet. Other betting options: Increase bet Tap the chip pile, the chip is increased by one chip. Clear bet Tap Clear Bets , all bets are cleared from the table. Rebet Tap Rebet , to place the same number of chips as your previous game. Last modification date: 1/29/2019