Electric Avenue About Electric Avenue™ Electric Avenue™ is a 6 reel, 4096 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Scatter symbol Wild Reels feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. General Up to 4096 pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin. The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. A bet multiplier of 20 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 20 bet multiplier = 2.00 total credits bet per spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your credits bet per spin. This does not include the bet multiplier. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter payouts depend on your credits bet per spin. This does not include the bet multiplier. Wild Reels feature The wild reel substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. The wild reel functions as a single symbol. The wild reels only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The wild reels do not create their own winning combination. When a wild reel is displayed, you are randomly awarded a multiplier value. The multiplier value awarded depends on the reel it is displayed on. Your wins are multiplied by the multiplier value awarded. Only the total win amount is displayed. Up to two wild reels can award a multiplier value simultaneously. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Free Spins bonus game You can choose from two free spins features. Electric Free Spins Neon Free Spins The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Electric Free Spins A random symbol displayed on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 becomes the power wild symbol for the duration of the free spins. The power wild symbol substitutes for other symbols to create wins. The power wild symbols remain on the reels for the duration of the free spins. Four power wilds displayed on the same reel awards 3 additional free spins. You can be awarded up to a maximum of 12 free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Neon Free Spins One reel can randomly transform into a wild wheel and can award a multiplier value. The wild wheel can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The wild wheel substitutes for other symbols to create wins. The wild wheel functions as a single symbol. You can win up to a 55x multiplier value. Your wins are multiplied by the multiplier value awarded. Only the total win amount is displayed. Free spins can be re-activated. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Start AutoPlay If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click a bet amount. Click AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you click Stop . Click your AutoPlay Click Start or Start AutoPlay . Click Stop to end AutoPlay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.37%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Home button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.20 Max Bet : €30 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2020