EmotiCoins About EmotiCoins EmotiCoins is a five reel, thirty payline, and one thousand and five hundred coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Wild Blast™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol reates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Wild Blast™ feature This feature is randomly activated during the regular slot game. Up to five symbol positions are transformed into a wild symbol. Any symbol can be transformed, except the wild and scatter symbols. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus feature. Free Spins bonus game The Wild Stickers™ feature is available during the free spins. One symbol position is transformed into a wild symbol on the first free spin. On every alternate free spin, one additional symbol position is transformed into a wild symbol. The transformed wild symbols are held in place for the remaining free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Depending on your game: Click Coins to convert to credits. Click Credits to convert to coins. Or: Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. You can change your total bet amount. Depending on your game: Click Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Or: Click Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. button Displays the game settings. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. ≡ button Displays the game settings and game payout table. Settings Coins or Credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Click Coins to convert to coins. Click Credits to convert to credits. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Show balance Click On to hide the Balance box. Click Off to show the Balance box. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. button or Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. X button Closes the game. Click Credits to convert to coins. Click Credits to convert to coins. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 12/6/2017