Fortunium General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. For example, 25 coins bet per spin x 10 bet multiplier = 250 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 250 total coins bet x 0.50 coin size = 125 total credits bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline excluding Win Booster™. All regular symbols create a symbol stack. Wild Symbol This symbol creates its own winning combination. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet excluding Win Booster™. Mystery symbol feature The Mystery symbols transform into other symbols. The Mystery symbol can create a symbol stack of any high, low or wild symbols. There is no payout for any Mystery symbol combination. This feature is available during free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Win Booster You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature in the regular game. You can choose to boost your bet and improve your Mystery symbols. The extra bet is calculated at half your current bet. The Mystery symbols transform into other symbols. The Mystery symbol can create a symbol stack of any high or wild symbols. Free Spins The Mystery Reels™ feature is available during the free spins. Mystery Reels™ only appear on reels 2, 3 or 4. Mystery Reels™ contain Mystery symbols that can create symbol stacks. During free spins each scatter symbol that appears on the reels awards 1 free spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: Select a bet amount. Tap and hold Spin or tap AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Tap Start AutoPlay or Play . Tap Stop to end AutoPlay. Tapping this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. Tap Bet . Tap and drag the Coin Size slider to select the coin size. Tap and drag the Coins Per Line slider to select the number of coins. You can also select one of the Quick Bet options to select your total bet amount. Max bet places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in coins. Last modification date: 7/30/2018