Forbidden Throne Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Regular Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Scatter Symbol Payouts There is no payout for any Scatter symbol combination. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules There are 40 paylines. All lines are played. You can bet up to ten coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Forbidden Throne/Wild Symbol Rules The Forbidden Throne/Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. Wild Reels Rules The Wild Reels are wild symbols that span the whole reel. One or more Wild Reels appear on every spin during the base game and free spins. Wild Reels substitute for all symbols except Scatter . Scatter Symbol Rules The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. There is no payout for any Scatter symbol combination. Scatter symbols shine through Wild Reels . Three, Four or Five Scatter symbols trigger 10, 20 or 30 Free Spins respectively. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each payline. Scatters can appear in any position on the reels. Free spins wins are added to regular wins. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The total paid out depends on the bet per payline. Values are displayed based on the selected balance view mode (coins or credits). Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. There is no payout for any Scatter symbol combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on an active payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: To select your bet amount: Desktop Click the Bet area. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, if you have a winning combination lined up on a payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Viewing Your Balance Your Casino Balance is visible in the Coins/Credits area of the console. You can choose to display the Balance in either coins or credits. The Balance panel shows the Balance Summary in both coins and credits and allows you to choose how to show balances and wins in the game. Choosing Credits will change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Choosing Coins will change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. To choose how to display your balance: Desktop Click the Credits/Coins area. Click Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Balance option. Tap Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning symbols and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the general sound is turned ON . Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced gives fullest experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behavior. Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins increases the speed of the slot reel spin during Free Spins so your results are displayed quicker. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Win History and Statistics You can view your win history and session statistics in the game. View Win History You can view your 5 most recent wins. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Wins button. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Wins button. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the three highest win amounts during the current game session. Last modification date: 5/3/2017