Festive Indulgence About Festive Indulgence™ Festive Indulgence™ is a five reel, nine payline, and forty-five coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size All paylines are permanently enabled for every All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild multiplier symbol This symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not multiply the payout when it creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins can be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet button Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also start the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Tell me more about AutoPlay AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tell me more about game options Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. X button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.10%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply).