Fruit vs Candy General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Game modes You can choose to play in Fruit or Candy mode. In Fruit mode the reel symbols are different and the free spins have a Cash Stash feature. In Candy mode the reel symbols are different and the free spins have a Sweet Reel feature. All payouts remain the same in the regular game. You can change game modes in the regular game only. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol.  This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Fruit Free Spins Awards a random win amount for each royal symbol scattered on the reels. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The royal symbols are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If there is a winning combination on the reels after the royal symbols have been removed, you are paid out again. The free spins continue until all royal symbols are stashed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Candy Free Spins A full candy stack displayed on a reel sweetens that reel. A single wild symbol displayed on the sweetened reel transforms into a wild symbol stack. The free spins continue until all five reels are sweetened. If you reach 50 free spins you are awarded a random bonus win amount and the free spins end. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Goodie Bag feature This feature is randomly activated after any non-winning spin during the regular slot game. You are awarded up to a 20x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Sugar Rush Bonus feature This feature is randomly activated after any non-winning spin during the regular slot game. Each high symbol awards up to a 5x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Goodie Bag wins are not logged as achievements. Sugar Rush Bonus wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 2/1/2017