Fire N Fortune Mobile About Fire N' Fortune Fire N' Fortune is a five reels with fifteen fixed payline slot game General Bonus symbol Wild symbol Mystery Feature Reel Copy Feature Free Spin Bonus General Game has fixed 15 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.15 credits per spin, your bet per line = Total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.15 credits / 15 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Spade which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 15 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 15 credits / 15 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player. You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Bonus symbol is a Bonus symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Bonus symbol on any payline award 10, 7 or 5 Free Spins respectively. If Multiple pay lines contain winning combinations of Bonus symbols, then all awarded Free Spins are added together. Player can win up to 150 Free Spins. Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild symbol appears on all reels. Wild symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a win line. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol. Example : Game A has the following criteria : Wild symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Winning combination pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from second, third, fourth or fifth reel does not pay out. Only highest winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If your total bet is 0.15 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.15 credits / 15 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. You spin the reels. Two Heart symbols are displayed on reels 2 and 3, One Wild symbol appear on reels 1. This completes 3 Heart symbols which pay out 0.05 credits on minimum bet. So, your total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.05 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.05 credits. Mystery Feature Each reel contains a stack of Mystery positions which are replaced by a game symbol during each reel spin. All symbols including Wild and Bonus symbol can be Mystery stacked. Reel Copy Feature On any spin, If Reel 1 contains a full stack of the same symbol, the same full stack can be copied to any 1 or 2 remaining reels. During Free Spins, a full stack on reel 1 can be copied to 1, 2, 3 or all 4 remaining reels. All wins are evaluated after the Reel Copy Feature is completed. Free Spin Bonus is a Bonus symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Bonus symbol on any payline award 10, 7 or 5 Free Spins respectively. If Multiple pay lines contain winning combinations of Bonus symbols, then all awarded Free Spins are added together. Player can win up to 150 Free Spins. If the number of Free Spins awarded are 15 or more, the player is offered 3 options to choose from. Regular Free Spins: Player can play the same number of awarded Free Spins. Super Free Spins: Player can play 1/3rd of the number of awarded Free Spins as Super Free Spins which is the nearest possible whole number of Regular Free Spins. During Super Free Spins, all pays are tripled. During Super Free Spins, Mystery Bonus will trigger if the awarded Free Spins are not divisible by 3. This will award additional random prize amount to the player and is already multiplied by total bet. Mystery Bonus prize is awarded once the Free Spins are completed. Mega Free Spins: Player can play 1/5th of the number of awarded Free Spins as Mega Free Spins which is the nearest possible whole number of Regular Free Spins. During Mega Free Spins, all wins are multiplied by 5. During Mega Free Spins, Mystery Bonus will trigger if the awarded Free Spins are not divisible by 5. This will award additional random prize amount to the player and is already multiplied by total bet. Mystery Bonus prize is awarded once the Free Spins are completed. During Free Spin Bonus, Reel Copy Feature occurs with a higher frequency. Free Spin Bonus cannot be re-triggered. All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Example You spin the reels. Bonus symbols appears on all reels trigger the Free Spin Bonus and award 150 Free Spins. This completes 5 Bonus symbols win which pay out 0.50 credits on minimum bet. So, Total Bonus symbol win would be 0.50 credits * 15 paylines = 7.50 credits. Player is asked to pick one of the Free Spin Bonus. When player chooses Mega Free Spins, player is awarded 30 Free Spins with 5x multiplier. As awarded 150 Free Spins is not divisible by 3. Mystery Bonus will not be triggered. On first Free Spin, 3 Heart symbols appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 1. This completes 3 Heart symbols which pay out 0.05 credits on minimum bet with 5x multiplier. So, Total Heart symbol win would be 0.05 credits * 5 = 0.25 credits. On second Free Spin, 4 Diamond symbol appear on reel 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. This completes 4 Diamond symbols win which pay out 0.10 credits on minimum bet with 5x multiplier. So, Total Diamond symbol win would be 0.10 credits * 5 = 0.50 credits You do not have any winning combination in further Free Spins, so your total Free Spins win would be 0.25 credits + 0.50 credits = 0.75 credits. As the Bonus symbol wins are added to Free Spins win, so your total payout is 7.50 credits + 0.75 credits = 8.20 in credits. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Disclaimer: This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. Last modification date: 12/6/2017