Fortress Charge About Fortress Charge™ Fortress Charge™ is a six reel 3 line slot game including: REEL QUEST™ Beast Hero Symbol Dragon Hero Symbol Elf Hero Symbol Dwarf Hero Symbol Knight Hero Symbol Ogre Villain Symbol Scorpion Villain Symbol Spikes Villain Symbol Boulder Villain Symbol Snake Villain Symbol Fire Potion Accessory Symbol Spear Accessory Symbol Wooden Shield Accessory Symbol Shiny Shield Accessory Symbol Magic Wand Accessory Symbol Chest Symbol Fortress Symbols 2x Multiplier Symbol Empty Platform Symbols Game Rules General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 6 reels, with 3 symbol rows each and 3 active paylines. Credit prizes are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.10. For example, 0.20 credits bet per spin = 0.20 / 0.10 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. REEL QUEST™ Landing a hero will trigger a Reel Quest™. The landed hero will attempt to advance from the leftmost to rightmost position along the payline, encountering the item in each position until the advance is stopped. As the landed hero advances, they may encounter villains, accessories, chests, multipliers, fortresses, and empty platforms. A hero that encounters a villain will either defeat the villain and advance, or will be defeated by the villain and the advance will stop. Each defeated villain awards a credit prize multiplied by 2, 3, or 4 times for villains on reels 3, 4, and 5 respectively. If a hero encounters an empty platform, the hero advances. If a hero encounters a chest, a credit prize is awarded and the hero advances. If a hero encounters a fortress, the credit prize displayed on the fortress is awarded and the advance will stop. If a hero encounters a 2x multiplier, any subsequent credit prizes awarded for that hero will be multiplied by 2 times. Up to 4 2x multipliers can be accumulated for up to a 16 times multiplier. If a hero encounters an accessory, that accessory is collected and may be used to defeat subsequent encountered villains. As the landed hero advances, a fireball may randomly trigger and defeat an encountered villain. The game is concluded if no heroes land, or when all advances are stopped. Beast Hero Symbol The beast hero defeats the ogre villain. Dragon Hero Symbol The dragon hero defeats the ogre villain and the spikes villain. Elf Hero Symbol The elf hero defeats the scorpion villain. Dwarf Hero Symbol The dwarf hero defeats the boulder villain. Knight Hero Symbol The knight hero defeats the scorpion villain and the snake villain. Ogre Villain Symbol The ogre villain defeats the elf hero, the dwarf hero and the knight hero. Scorpion Villain Symbol The scorpion villain defeats the beast hero, the dragon hero and the dwarf hero. Spikes Villain Symbol The spikes villain defeats the beast hero, the elf hero, the dwarf hero and the knight hero. Boulder Villain Symbol The boulder villain defeats the beast hero, the dragon hero, the elf hero and the knight hero. Snake Villain Symbol The snake villain defeats the beast hero, the dragon hero, the elf hero and the dwarf hero. Fire Potion Accessory Symbol The fire potion accessory defeats the spikes villain. Spear Accessory Symbol The spear accessory defeats the ogre villain. Wooden Shield Accessory Symbol The wooden shield accessory defeats the scorpion villain. Shiny Shield Accessory Symbol The shiny shield accessory defeats the scorpion villain and the snake villain. Magic Wand Accessory Symbol The magic wand accessory defeats any villain. Chest Symbol The chest symbol can award a credit prize. Fortress Symbols The fortress symbols can award a credit prize. 2x Multiplier Symbol The 2x multiplier symbol multiplies credit awards by 2 times. Empty Platform Symbols These symbols are empty platform symbols and do not pay. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature tracks your win status by highlighting events you have achieved. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.45%. The maximum win from a single game is £240,000 AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about Autoplay options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay Options SPINS Set the number of spins you want to play. WIN LIMIT Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. LOSS LIMIT Stop the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected or more. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €15 Last modification date: 10/14/2020