Faeries Fortune About Faeries Fortune Faeries Fortune is a five reel, forty payline, and forty coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Mega Win symbol feature. A Pots of Fortune bonus game. A Faeries Gems bonus game. A Free Spins bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All forty paylines are permanently enabled. You cannot select or de-select paylines. Regular Payouts Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per payline, your coin size is 0.25 credits. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the payout table. So, your total payout is 10 coin win amount on the payout table x 0.25 coin size = 2.50 credits. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to sixteen free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Pots of Fortune Bonus Game Payouts The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Faeries Gems Bonus Game Payouts The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Mega Win Symbol Rules Mega Win symbols can cover 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 symbol spaces on the five reels. This can create more winning symbol combinations. If only part of the Mega Win symbol is displayed when the reels comes to a rest, it can complete winning combinations if the symbol lands on an enabled payline. There are two kinds of Mega Win symbols: Mega Win regular symbols complete regular winning combinations. They can be substituted by the wild symbol. Mega Win feature symbols trigger bonus games. The number of symbols spaces covered by the Mega Win Feature symbol determine the options available in the bonus game. Mega Win Feature symbols do not create their own winning combinations. They cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Mega Win feature symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Mega Win 4x4 Wild symbols are only available during the Free Spins bonus game. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Pots of Gold Bonus Game Rules A Pot of Gold symbol displayed on the reels activates the Pots of Gold bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose from. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Faeries Gems Bonus Game Rules A Faerie symbol displayed on the reels activates the Faeries Gems bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. You unlock gems to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of keys you are awarded. Click Unlock to activate a key. You are awarded a random bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules A Free Spins symbol displayed on the reels activates the Free Spins bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. You are awarded up to sixteen free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 become one reel, displaying Mega Win symbols Mega Win 4x4 Wild symbols are only available during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. 9. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules All forty paylines are permanently enabled. You cannot select or de-select paylines. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. You can only bet one coin per payline. Your total bet amount per spin is determined by the number of coins bet per payline multiplied by the number of paylines enabled. So, your total bet in coins is 1 coin bet per payline x 40 permanently enabled paylines = 40 coins. The number of credits bet per payline determines your coin size. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per line your total bet in credits is 0.25 credits bet per line x 1 coin bet per payline = 0.25 coin size x 40 permanently enabled paylines = 10 credits. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per payline, your coin size is 0.25 credits. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the payout table. So, your total payout is 10 coin win amount on the payout table x 0.25 coin size = 2.50 credits. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Wild symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Mega Win feature symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Mega Win 4x4 Wild symbols are only available during the Free Spins bonus game. Mega Win Symbols Mega Win symbols can cover 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 symbol spaces on the five reels. This can create more winning symbol combinations. If only part of the Mega Win symbol is displayed when the reels comes to a rest, it can complete winning combinations if the symbol lands on an enabled payline. There are two kinds of Mega Win symbols: Mega Win regular symbols complete regular winning combinations. They can be substituted by the wild symbol. Mega Win feature symbols trigger bonus games. The number of symbols spaces covered by the Mega Win Feature symbol determine the options available in the bonus game. Mega Win Feature symbols do not create their own winning combinations. They cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Pots of Fortune Bonus Game A Pot of Gold symbol displayed on the reels activates the Pots of Gold bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose from. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Faeries Gems Bonus Game A Faerie symbol displayed on the reels activates the Faeries Gems bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. In this game: You unlock gems to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of keys you are awarded. Click Unlock to activate a key. You are awarded a random bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free Spins bonus game A Free Spins symbol displayed on the reels activates the Free Spins bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. In this game: You are awarded up to sixteen free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 become one reel, displaying Mega Win symbols. • Mega Win 4x4 Wild symbols are only available during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline.The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Click stake per line (+) or (-) to select the number of credits you want to bet per payline. Click Spin. The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. • If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert. The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert. Click AutoPlay. In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop. The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options. Choose the required settings. Click OK. What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays the game with or without a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%). View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK. What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. Last modification date: 12/6/2017