Frozen Diamonds Frozen Diamonds General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. There are 20 fixed paylines. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. At least 3 matching symbols on a single payingline trigger a winning combination. 3 symbols on a winning payline will collapse and will be replaced by new symbols falling down from the top. Every collapsed payline adds 1 level to the collapsing indicator left of the reels. 3 consecutive collapsed paylines trigger the Free Spin bonus game. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a playline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Wild symbol Wild symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Payouts for 5 wild symbols are the same as for the highest win symbol. This symbol acts as a wild symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game. During the Free Spins bonus game, 2 or 3 guaranteed wilds are placed on the 3rd reel on every initial fall. Free Spins bonus game 3 consecutive collapsed paylines trigger the Free Spin bonus game. Free Spins bonus game rules: You are awarded up to 10 free spins (randomly granted). All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 2 or 3 guaranteed wilds are placed on the 3rd reel on every initial fall. Trigger 3 consecutive wins during free spins awards 1 Extra Free Spin. Extra Free Spins bonus game Extra Free Spins are played after all the standard free spins. Extra Free Spins bonus game rules: 3 consecutive collapsed paylines during free spins awards 1 Extra Free Spin. Wins during extra free spins are doubled. Gamble Game After every win the player can start the gamble game by hitting the gamble button. Gamble Game rules: You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Chance to double all winnings up to 5 times. You can choose one of the ice cubes. Choose the correct ice cube and your wins are doubled. Choose the wrong ice cube and all winnings from this round are lost. After the free spins the gamble game is available as well. The Gamble Game feature is not activated, if your win exceeds the Gamble Game activation limit. Playing the game Place a bet and play The game can be played with either credits (default selection) or coins. The win amounts in the paytable will switch accordingly between credits and coins as well. Change from credits to coins. Tap Menu . Activate the Coins Mode to convert to coins. Deactivate the Coins Mode again to convert back to credits. Select your bet amount. Click Stake (+) or (-) to select bet size per payline you want to bet. The selected bet size multiplied by 20 fixed paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. Click Maxbet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Last modification date: 1/31/2017