Gunsmoke About Gunsmoke General In this game all 40 paylines are permanently enabled. All pay tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payouts are in credits. To calculate your bet per payline, divide your total bet amount by the number of paylines. So, if you bet 2,40 credits per spin, your bet per payline is 2,40 credits / 40 paylines = 0,06 credits. Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per payline. To calculate your bet per payline, divide your total bet amount by the number of paylines. So, if you bet 2,40 credits per spin, your bet per payline is 2,40 credits / 40 paylines = 0,06 credits. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the number of coins won displayed on the pay table by your credits bet per payline. So, if you bet 2,40 credits per spin, your credits bet per payline is 0,06. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the pay table. So, your total payout amount is 10 coins win amount on pay table x 0,06 credits bet per payline = 0,60 credits. All pay tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payouts are in credits. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild Symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Only appears on reel 3. Creates a wild symbol stack. Does not create its own winning combination. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Activates the Wanted Poster game feature when it appears on reel 3. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when three or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Activates the Gunsmoke bonus when three or more appear on the reels. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wanted Poster Game Feature Activates when one symbol is displayed on reel 3. Five wanted posters are displayed above the reels. You are awarded one of the five wanted posters. The wanted posters displayed above reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 award a multiplier value. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value during the regular game. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value during the Free Spins. The multiplier value won multiplies the payout of any combination completed by the wild symbol. The wanted poster displayed above reel 3 awards a wild reel. Reel 3 is transformed into a wild reel. The wild reel substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations, except for the scatter symbol. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Gunsmoke Bonus Activates when three or more bonus symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded one of two bonus games. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. The bonus games are: Wanted Free Spins bonus Shootout bonus Wanted Free Spins bonus You are awarded up to 16 free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. The Wanted Poster game feature is available during the free spins and the multiplier values increase. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded extra free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Shootout bonus You are initially awarded up to 15 free spins. You also choose objects to win a random bonus win amount. Twelve objects are displayed. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount. You are awarded up to five picks. If you pick matching amounts you are awarded extra free spins. You are awarded up to 6 extra free spins. The extra free spins are added to the initial number of free spins awarded. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the random bonus win amounts picked. The free spins start after your picks are complete. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded extra free spins.These are added to your remaining free spins count. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. AutoPlay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap AutoPlay On . Tap the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, tap Stop . Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of credits bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap the Settings icon. Tap Total Bet arrows to select your total bet per spin. Tap X to close the menu. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020