Gold Strike About Gold Strike Gold Strike is a five reel, twenty payline slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Gold Strike bonus game. A Gamble feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of credits played. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Gold Strike Bonus Game Payouts There are three levels in the bonus game. You must find the Lucky Strike symbol in each of the first two levels to advance to the next level. The three levels are: Tin Can Alley Six or more Dynamite symbols scattered on the reels activate Tin Can Alley. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. o Choose one tin can to reveal a win amount. The win is multiplied by the number of symbols that activated the bonus game. If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Tin Can Alley game, you move on to the Lucky Strike Bonus game. Lucky Strike Bonus If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Tin Can Alley game, you move on to the Lucky Strike Bonus game. You choose one square on the map. If the Lucky Strike symbol is revealed, you move on to the Gold Mine. If no Lucky Strike symbol is revealed, the bonus game is ended. The number of Lucky Strike symbols on the map is dependent on the number of symbols that activated the bonus game. Gold Mine If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Lucky Strike Bonus game, you move on to the Gold Mine game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. o Choose one plunger to reveal your win. o The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Gamble Feature Payouts You spin the wheel to gamble your win. You can adjust your odds by up to 12x your win. You can choose to gamble your entire win amount or bank half. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. Wild Symbol Rules The Sheriff Badge symbol is a wild symbol. Only appears on reels 1, 3, 4 and 5. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Dynamite symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when 3, 4 or 5 appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of credits played. This does not include your Super Bet amount. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Six or more Dynamite symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Gold Strike bonus game. Gold Strike Bonus Game Rules Dynamite Lucky Strike Six or more Dynamite symbols scattered on the reels activate the Gold Strike Bonus Game. There are three bonus levels. Find the Lucky Strike symbol to progress to the next level. The three levels are: Tin Can Alley You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Choose one tin can to reveal a win amount. The win is multiplied by the number of symbols that activated the bonus game. If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Tin Can Alley game, you move on to the Lucky Strike Bonus game. Lucky Strike Bonus If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Tin Can Alley game, you move on to the Lucky Strike Bonus game. You choose one square on the map. If the Lucky Strike symbol is revealed, you move on to the Gold Mine. If no Lucky Strike symbol is revealed, the bonus game is ended. The number of Lucky Strike symbols on the map is dependent on the number of symbols that activated the bonus game. Gold Mine If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Lucky Strike Bonus game, you move on to the Gold Mine game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Choose one plunger to reveal your win. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Gamble Feature Rules A qualifying win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You spin the wheel to gamble your win. You can adjust your odds by up to 12x your win. Adjusting your odds changes which cards are winning cards. You can choose to gamble your entire win amount or bank half. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. All payouts are in credits. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of credits played. This does not include your Super Bet amount. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Sheriff Badge symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Only appears on reels 1, 3, 4 and 5. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Scatter Symbol The Dynamite symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when 3, 4 or 5 appear on the reels. Activates the Gold Strike bonus game when six or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of credits played. Gold Strike Bonus Game Dynamite Lucky Strike Six or more Dynamite symbols scattered on the reels activate the Gold Strike Bonus Game. In this game: There are three bonus levels. Find the Lucky Strike symbol to progress to the next level. The three levels are: Tin Can Alley You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Choose one tin can to reveal a win amount. The win is multiplied by the number of symbols that activated the bonus game. If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Tin Can Alley game, you move on to the Lucky Strike Bonus game. Lucky Strike Bonus If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Tin Can Alley game, you move on to the Lucky Strike Bonus game. You choose one square on the map. If the Lucky Strike symbol is revealed, you move on to the Gold Mine. If no Lucky Strike symbol is revealed, the bonus game is ended. The number of Lucky Strike symbols on the map is dependent on the number of symbols that activated the bonus game. Gold Mine If a Lucky Strike symbol is revealed during the Lucky Strike Bonus game, you move on to the Gold Mine game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Choose one plunger to reveal your win. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Gamble Feature When you first play this game, you must select your Gamble Options. If you do not select any options, the feature is set to Gamble Off. You can select to gamble after a win if the win exceeds a certain amount, or to gamble all wins. A qualifying win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: You spin the wheel to gamble your win. You can adjust your odds by up to 12x your win. Adjusting your odds changes which cards are winning cards. You can choose to gamble your entire win amount or bank half. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. All your gamble amounts and any wins are in credits. How do I set the Gamble feature? Click Gamble Options . Select your gamble activation criteria. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Up or Down arrows to select the amount you want to bet. To bet the maximum number of credits permitted, click Max Bet . The number of credits bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020