Germinator About Germinator Germinator twelve payline game played with coloured germ symbols on a grid, with: Horizontal and vertical paylines on the grid. A Medi bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out are dependent on the symbol combinations displayed once the horizontal lines stop scrolling. All payout figures show the multiplier value won for each possible combination. Winnings are calculated by multiplying the multiplier value won, by your bet per payline. Match three or more consecutive symbols, on any horizontal or vertical payline. You win a multiplier value for each winning combination. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can only bet one coin per payline. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. Match three or more consecutive symbols, on any horizontal or vertical payline. You win a multiplier value for each winning combination. Winning symbol combinations do not need to display on the first position on the payline to win. After you are paid out, the germ symbols in the winning combination are eliminated. The symbols above the eliminated germ symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces below. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Medi Bonus Game Rules Three or more Capsule symbols displayed anywhere on the grid, activates the Medi bonus game. You win a multiplier value for each winning combination. You choose a germ strain to eliminate all germ symbols of that strain from the grid. The symbols above the eliminated germ symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces below. There are no payouts for the first set of germ symbols eliminated at the start of the game. All the bets played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. If three or more Capsule symbols are displayed anywhere on the grid at the end of the bonus game, the Medi bonus game is reactivated. There are no payouts for the Capsule symbols. Winnings are calculated by multiplying the multiplier value won, by your bet per payline. You win the total of all the wins displayed. 11. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings paid out are dependent on the symbol combinations displayed once the horizontal lines stop scrolling. Winnings are calculated by multiplying the multiplier value won, by your bet per payline. You win the total of all the wins displayed. All payouts are in credits. All payout figures show the multiplier value won for each possible combination. Malfunctions void all plays and pays Medi Bonus Game Three or more Capsule symbols displayed anywhere on the grid, activates the Medi bonus game. In this game: You win a multiplier value for each winning combination. You choose a germ strain to eliminate all germ symbols of that strain from the grid. The symbols above the eliminated germ symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces below. There are no payouts for the first set of germ symbols eliminated at the start of the game. All the bets played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. If three or more Capsule symbols are displayed anywhere on the grid at the end of the bonus game, the Medi bonus game is reactivated. There are no payouts for the Capsule symbols. Winnings are calculated by multiplying the multiplier value won, by your bet per payline. You win the total of all the wins displayed. To play the bonus game: Click a germ. All germ symbols of that strain are eliminated from the grid A confirmation screen is displayed with your total bonus win amount. You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Play. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted and the germs are eliminated. The remaining germ symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020