Giant Riches General In this game all 60 paylines are permanently enabled. The game has 60 paylines but you play on a bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have the advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except scatter. Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line x credits won on minimum bet) x 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line x 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) x 100 } = 0.40 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except scatter(refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Reels 1 and 2 can get stacked symbols up to 6 high and reels 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 can get stacked symbols up to 3 high. Symbols which can be stacked are Hero, Giant, Coins, Goose, Harp, Beans. Coins, Goose and Harp symbols can only be stacked using mystery positions on reels 4, 5, 7 and 8 whereas Beans symbol can only be stacked using mystery positions on reels 5 and 8. Scatter symbol Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Activates 50, 30, 20, 16, 12 or 8 free spins respectively when 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 scatters appears on eight reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) x 100. So total payouts for the scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the scatter symbol combination x Total bet). For example, if 5 of a kind win of scatter is 0.30 credits on minimum bet and total bet of 0.40 credits, then base pay of 5 of a kind win of scatter would be { (0.30 credits won on minimum bet / 40) x 100 } = 0.75. And your Scatter win would be (0.75 Base pay x 0.40 in credits) = 0.30 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild Symbol The Giant Riches symbol is a Wild symbol. This symbol substitutes for all symbols except Castle Scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a win line. This symbol pays the same as Hero symbol. Free spins Three or more CASTLE symbols scattered on reels activate the free spins. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 CASTLE scattered anywhere award 50, 30, 20, 16, 12, 8 free spins respectively. During the free spins all pays are doubled. The free spins will be played on the same bet and lines as the spin that triggered the free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered during free spins. Mystery Feature is also available during free spins. Mystery Feature Each reel contains certain Mystery positions that are replaced with other game symbols including Wild except Scatter before each reel spin. When reels are stopped, this increases your chance of winning as the symbols have been replaced to increase the formation of winning combination. Any game symbol including the Wild but except Scatter could be selected to replace the mystery positions. The scatter symbol will not be replaced. This feature is also available in free spins. During free spins only Wild, Coins, Goose and Harp symbols can be replaced with the Mystery positions. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap Autoplay On. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, tap Stop.