Game of Thrones 243 Game of Thrones 243 Game Payouts Game Rules Wild Symbol Scatter Symbol Free Spins Bonus Game Gamble Trail Feature Paytable Achievements Playing the game AutoPlay, Options and Statistics Game of Thrones 243 About Game of Thrones 243 Game of Thrones 243 is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Gamble feature. A Paytable Achievements feature. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Example Game A has the following criteria: For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. Your total payout in coins is 1 000 coins + 150 coins = 1 150 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 150 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 230 credits. Scatter Symbol Payouts Regular scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Awards a random bonus amount when two appear on the reels. Awards a regular scatter win when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 600 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 4 350 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 350 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 870 credits. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts Each house awards a specific number of free spins, a multiplier value, and an additional stacked symbol. You can choose one House. You are awarded up to eighteen free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The symbol for the House you choose is stacked during the bonus game. All the bets and pay ways played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 600 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 4 350 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 350 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 870 credits. Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the coin toss doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble trail is complete or the gamble limit is reached. Example Game A has the following criteria: Any win activates the Gamble feature. The gamble activation limit is set at 8 000 coins. The gamble limit is set at 8 000 coins or five gambles per game. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Gamble feature begins. On the first gamble, you choose the card colour black and the next card drawn is a Jack of Spades. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 1 000 coins won x 2 = 2 000 coins. On the second gamble, you choose the card colour red and the next card drawn is a Three of Diamonds. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 2 000 coins x 2 = 4 000 coins. On the third gamble, you choose the card colour red and the next card drawn is a Ten of Hearts. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 4 000 coins x 2 = 8 000 coins. As the gamble limit is set to 8 000 coins, the feature is over and you are returned to the regular game. Your total payout in coins is 8 000 coins and your total payout in credits is 8 000 coins x 0.20 coin size = 1 600 credits. [ top ] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Game of Thrones symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Awards a random bonus amount when two appear on the reels. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Awards a regular scatter win when three or more appear on the reels. Regular scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Iron Throne symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Four Houses of Westeros with free spin options are displayed. You can choose one House of Westeros. Each House of Westeros awards a specific number of free spins, a multiplier value, and an additional stacked symbol. You are awarded up to eighteen free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The symbol for the House of Westeros you choose is stacked during the bonus game. All the bets and pay ways played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Gamble Feature Rules Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. There a 4 Gamble stages. You choose heads or tails, and the coin flips. If you win, your winnings are doubled and you move along to the next stage. If you lose, the gamble is over and you are returned to the regular game. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild Symbol The Game of Thrones symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Two Wild Joker symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2, and two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 3 and 4. As the Wild Joker symbol is wild, this completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Wild Joker symbols complete a 2 Wild Joker symbol combination and pays out 10 coins. So, your payout in coins is 10 coins x 10 coins = 100 coins. Your total payout in coins is 1 000 coins + 100 coins = 1 100 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 100 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 220 credits. [ top ] Scatter Symbol The Iron Throne symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Awards a random bonus amount when two appear on the reels. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Awards a regular scatter win when three or more appear on the reels. Regular scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Example Game A has the following criteria: Two or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As scatter wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 600 coins for the scatter win + 1 000 coins for the regular win = 1 600 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 600 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 320 credits. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Iron Throne symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: Four Houses of Westeros with free spin options are displayed. You can choose one House of Westeros. Each House of Westeros awards a specific number of free spins, a multiplier value, and an additional stacked symbol. You are awarded up to eighteen free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The symbol for the House of Westeros you choose is stacked during the bonus game. All the bets and pay ways played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 600 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 4 350 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 350 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 870 credits. [ top ] Gamble Trail Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: There a 4 Gamble stages. You choose heads or tails, and the coin flips. If you win, your winnings are doubled and you move along to the next stage. If you lose, the gamble is over and you are returned to the regular game. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Example Game A has the following criteria: Any win activates the Gamble feature. The gamble activation limit is set at 8 000 coins. The gamble limit is set at 8 000 coins or five gambles per game. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Gamble feature begins. On the first gamble, you choose the card colour black and the next card drawn is a Jack of Spades. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 1 000 coins won x 2 = 2 000 coins. On the second gamble, you choose the card colour red and the next card drawn is a Three of Diamonds. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 2 000 coins x 2 = 4 000 coins. On the third gamble, you choose the card colour red and the next card drawn is a Ten of Hearts. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 4 000 coins x 2 = 8 000 coins. As the gamble limit is set to 8 000 coins, the feature is over and you are returned to the regular game. Your total payout in coins is 8 000 coins and your total payout in credits is 8 000 coins x 0.20 coin size = 1 600 credits. [ top ] Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild symbol. A winning combination completed in one of the Free Spins bonus games. Example Three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. You are paid out for a 3 Cherry symbol combination. The 3 Cherry symbol combination payout is highlighted on the payout table. Once you have won the 4 Cherry symbol and 5 Cherry symbol combinations, the Cherry symbol is unlocked and highlighted in gold. [ top ] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95%. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020