Goldaur Guardians About Goldaur Guardians Goldaur Guardians is a five reel, twenty payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Hero Spin feature Hyperspin™ feature General The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for all other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear in a line on a payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Free Spins bonus game Scatter Retrigger Free spins trigger when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. 3 scatter symbols award 5 free spins. 4 scatter symbols award 7 free spins. 5 scatter symbols award 10 free spins. Free spins start with the first hero on the Hero Trail. The next hero on the trail is activated when free spins are retriggered. The active hero symbol on the trail expands to create a symbol stack on reels 1 and 2. High, wild or retrigger symbols transform to create giant symbols across reels 3, 4 and 5. The giant symbols spin to create possible winning combinations. Free spins are retriggered when the giant retrigger symbol is displayed in full on the reels 3, 4 and 5. You are awarded the same number of free spins as originally triggered. The number of times you can retrigger the free spins is unlimited. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Hero Spin feature This feature is randomly activated during the regular slot game. A random high or wild symbol expands to create a symbol stack on reels 1 and 2. High or wild symbols transform to create giant symbols across reels 3, 4 and 5. The giant symbols spin to create possible winning combinations. This feature cannot be retriggered. This feature cannot be triggered with Hyperspins™. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Hyperspin™ feature You can respin a reel at the end of any spin for an additional cost. The cost is calculated in credits. You can only respin after a paid spin is complete. If the Respin buttons are not active, select the Spin button. Once the spin is complete you can choose to respin a reel for an additional cost. You can only respin one reel at a time. You can respin a specific reel multiple times. The cost of a respin is calculated separately for each reel. The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Changing the bet size affects the calculation of the respin cost. So, if you change your bet size after a spin, the respin feature is disabled until you spin again. You are only paid out for new winning combinations that are formed as a result of a respin. This feature is not available during or after Hero spins. This feature is not available during or after free spins. This feature is not available during AutoPlay. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.36%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Quick Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Advanced (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also start the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020