Gnome Wood Mobile General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. There are 25 fixed paylines. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. At least 3 matching symbols on a single payingline trigger a winning combination. Winning 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spins Bonus Game. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Regular symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a Bonus Feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol acts as an Wild Symbol and initially appears on 2nd to the 5th reel. This symbol does not substitute for the Scatter Symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Scatter symbol Scatter symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. Activates the Free Spins Bonus Game when three or more appear on the five reels. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Free Spins bonus game 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols wins 10 Free Spins and the Free Spins Bonus Game evaluation starts. Free Spins rules: You are awarded 10 Free Spins. All the bets and paylines played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Bonus Game. 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols during Free Spins awards 10 additional Free Spins added to the remaining Free Spins in the Free Spin counter. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Wandering Wild Bonus Game Wandering Wild Bonus Game rules: Every appearance of a Wandering Wild will trigger a bonus spin. There are 2 kind of Wandering Wilds - with or without double multiplier (x2). If a win line contains several Wandering Wilds x2 the "x2" is added up and then applied to the win (e.g. x2 + x2 + x2 = x6). It is impossible to achieve a win combination with 5x Wandering Wild (Only possible during a bonus spin). With every bonus spin the Wandering Wild moves 1 reel position to the left, until the Wandering Wild leaves the reels. During Bonus Spins the Wandering Wild behaves like a "Fixed Wild". Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Gamble Game After every win the player can start the Gamble Game by hitting the gamble button. Gamble Game rules: You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. The player has to choose one of the cauldrons. Choose the correct cauldron (emits a magic light) and your wins are doubled. Choose the wrong cauldron (falls over and spits out some smoke) and all winnings from this round are lost. After the Free Spins the Gamble Game is available as well. The Gamble Game feature is not activated, if your win exceeds the Gamble Game activation limit. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Playing the game Place a bet and play The game can be played with either credits (default selection) or coins. The win amounts in the paytable will switch accordingly between credits and coins as well. 1. Change from credits to coins. Tap Menu. Activate the Coins Mode to convert to coins. Deactivate the Coins Mode again to convert back to credits. 2. Select your bet amount. Tap Stake (+) or (-) to select bet size per payline you want to bet. The selected bet size multiplied by 25 fixed paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. Tap Maxbet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. 3. Tap Spin. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap the AutoPlay button. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap the AutoPlay stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Last modification date: 12/6/2017