Gods of Power About Gods of Power Gods of Power is a five reel, twenty-five win line slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol 3 God symbols 3 Free Spin features Zeus in-reel modifier Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP depends on the level of free spins: Level 1 94.07% Level 2 95.10% Level 3 96.09% Game Rules General Press Total Bet or use the arrows at the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each combination. Winning combinations pay from left to right and amounts are accordingly calculated as a multiplier of the bet per line. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay line and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Zeus in-reel modifier can randomly add Wilds and/or any of the God symbols to the layout. Collect followers to each of the 3 Gods to trigger one of three Free Spin types. On mobile you can hold down the Spin button for quick spins. During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right. Wild symbol • This symbol substitutes for other symbols, except God symbols, to complete wins. God symbol Each God has its own God symbol (above). There are minor visual changes applied to the Gods and God symbols based on the level in game play. Three different types of God symbols can land in the base game which add followers to the corresponding Gods collection bar (Aphrodite, Caishen and Thor). Free spins are triggered when one of God's follower thresholds is reached. Free Spins features The average bet of the play to trigger Free Spins will be used as the spin value for Free Spins. Gods of Power presents three different Free Spins rounds with their own unique reel modifier. Each Free Spins also award different amount of spins. Aphrodite awards 10 Free Spins and Mystery hearts are added to the reels. All of them reveal one regular symbol when landed. Caishen awards 7 Free Spins and grants Sticky Wilds in Free Spins. The Sticky Wilds stay for all Free Spins. Thor awards 7 Free Spins and Stacked Wilds lands are randomly added to the layout every spin. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. There are three levels to reach for each Free Spins. The higher the God level, the more bonus symbols are added in Free spins for potentially bigger wins. Players can choose to start the Free Spins in the level collected for or to continue to gain followers. Game Controls Total bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your Casino balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. AutoPlay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, Music, Turbo spins) Menu button Opens Game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. Click Settings Close the window to return to game Available settings: Audio Volume Adjust the volume of in-game audio or turn it off completely. Sound Effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. Some settings (quick spins, Turbo) may not be available based on Casino and/or country. The maximum win from a single game is £384,500 Last modification date: 10/14/2020