Highlander Highlander™ is a five reel, 243 ways and 600 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol 2 Scatter feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 40 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 40 bet multiplier = 200 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 200 total coins bet x 0.01 coin size = 2 total credits bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols ach other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter feature This feature activates when only two scatter symbols appear on the reels during the regular game. The two scatter symbols are transformed into extra wild symbols. This symbol substitutes for the wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not create its own win. This feature is not available during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game The Quickening Wilds™ feature is randomly activated on any spin. Lightning strikes to transform a random symbol into a wild symbol. On the first lightning strike one symbol transforms. On each subsequent lightning strike the number of symbols transformed increases by 1. The transformed symbols are only held for one spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Bet box Displays your bet options. Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins and your top 5 wins. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. Last modification date: 12/6/2017