Halloween General Rules You can bet up to 8 coins per line. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Winning scatter combinations are awarded when 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reel. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels activate the Trick or Treat Wheel Bonus Game . Wandering Reels Rules The Wandering Reels are made up of a group of 3 reels that spin together. The Wandering Reels contain Jumbo Blocks , which are large high symbols that span the 3 reels. The Wandering Reels stop in 1 of 3 positions, shown above, which determines reels and lines played. On each Base Game spin, the position is chosen randomly. In Free Spins , the position of the Wandering Reels shifts to each position in order (from LEFT POSITION, the Wandering Reels will move to CENTER POSITION, then move to RIGHT POSITION, then move back to CENTER POSITION). Trick or Treat Wheel Bonus Rules 3 Scatter symbols activate the Trick or Treat Wheel Bonus . Each Cash Prize landed displays the multiplier which is applied to bet staked. The multiplier is up to 10x. Collect Cash Prizes until the Boogeyman Bonus Game or Free Spins is triggered. Free Spins Rules The Free Spins is activated when the Trick or Treat Wheel Bonus points to 1 of these 4 characters. The character pointed to is featured on the free spins reels, replacing the other 3 character symbols. You are awarded 9 free spins. Reels and lines played are determined by the Wandering Reels . All bets played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins . Free spins cannot be re-triggered during Free Spins . The Trick or Treat Wheel Bonus and the Boogeyman Bonus Game cannot be triggered during the Free Spins. Boogeyman Bonus Game Rules The Boogeyman Bonus is activated when the Trick or Treat Wheel Bonus points to the character above. Auto Pick allows you to choose objects in sequence without interacting with the game, and can be stopped at any time. Choose objects to reveal a Cash Prize, Stopper, or Immunity. The win amounts displayed are already multiplied by bet staked. The Bonus Multiplier starts at 1. As each Cash Prize is revealed, the Bonus Multiplier is applied to the Cash Prize and then the Bonus Multiplier is increased by 1. The Bonus Game ends if you find all 10 Cash Prizes, or if you find more Stopper objects than Immunity objects. Finding all 10 Cash Prizes awards an Exit Prize of 20 times bet staked. Finding a Stopper awards half bet. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the Boogeyman Bonus Game . Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. Wheel wins are calculated by multiplying the value landed by the total number of coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Note: Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON . Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins increases the speed of the slot reel spin during Free Spins. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. Last modification date: 12/6/2017