Hot as Hades Hot as Hades Game Payouts Game Rules Wild, Multiplier Symbol Scatter Symbol Quest for the Crystal Helm Bonus Game Super Mode Free Spins Bonus Game Paytable Achievements Playing the game Game Wins and Balances AutoPlay, Options and Statistics Hot as Hades About Hot as Hades Hot as Hades is a five reel, twenty payline, and five hundred coin slot machine, with: A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game. Super Mode Free Spins bonus game. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. The formula to calculate the conversion of coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Example Game A has the following criteria: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. Your total payout in coins is 1 000 coins for payline 1 + 150 coins for payline 3 = 1 150 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 150 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 575 credits. Scatter Symbol Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Example Game A has the following criteria: Two or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As scatter wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 60 coins for the scatter win + 150 coins for the regular win = 210 coins. And your total payout in credits is 210 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 105 credits. Quest for the Crystal Helm Bonus Game Payouts You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. You can progress through five different bonus game levels. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount, a Win All symbol, or a Block symbol. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts awarded on each bonus game level played. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on reels activate the bonus game. There is no payout for any Bonus symbol combination. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount or a Collect symbol. The Collect symbol ends the game. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the random bonus win amounts collected on each bonus game level played. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bonus symbols are scattered on the reels. As three Bonus symbols activate the bonus game, the bonus game begins. Four bonus game levels with five objects on each level is displayed. You choose one object in each bonus game level. Object 3 on level 1 reveals 80 coins, object 3 on level 2 reveals 20 coins and object 5 on level 3 reveals 100 coins. Object 2 on level 4 reveals a Collect symbol. The game ends. So, your payout in coins is 80 coins + 20 coins + 100 coins = 200 coins. And your total payout in credits is 200 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 100 credits. Super Mode Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded five free spins. During Super Mode, three wild symbol positions are randomly activated and held in position for the rest of free spins. Only one wild symbol is activated and held in position for each spin. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Free Spins bonus game activates at random. You are awarded 3 free spins. There is a fixed wild on one reel in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. The Free Spins bonus game activates at random. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 of payline 1, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. The wild symbol substitutes for the Cherry symbol to complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination. This pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, two Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2 of payline 2, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 2. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 3 810 coins. And your total payout in credits is 3 810 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 1 905 credits. [ top ] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to twenty-five coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Hot as Hades symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Crystal Skull symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Activates the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Quest for the Crystal Helm Bonus Game Rules Three or more Crystal Skull symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. You can progress through five different bonus game levels. Five objects are displayed in each bonus game level. You choose one object in each bonus game level. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount, a Win All symbol, or a Block symbol. Random bonus win amount You win the random bonus win amount revealed. You progress to the next level. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Win All symbol You win the total of all the random bonus win amounts hidden in the level. You progress to the next level. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Block symbol The game ends. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts awarded on each bonus game level played. 6. Level one has four random bonus win amounts and one Win All symbol. 7. Level two has three random bonus win amounts, one Win All symbol and one Block symbol. 8. Level three has two random bonus win amounts, one Win All symbol and two Block symbols. 9. Level four has two random bonus win amounts, one Win All symbol and two Block symbols. 10. Level five has four random bonus win amounts and one Win All symbol. 11. Level five has a Discard option. You can discard your first choice and make a second choice. You can only discard a choice once per game. If your fist choice reveals the Win All symbol, you win the total of all the random bonus win amounts hidden in the level. You are not given the option to discard. If your second choice reveals the Win All symbol, the discarded random bonus win amount is excluded from the total win. 12. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 13. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts awarded on each bonus game level played. 14. If you activate the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game and Super Mode Free Spins bonus game on the same spin, the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game is played first. 15. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 16. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Super Mode Free Spins Bonus Game Rules The Super Mode Free Spins bonus game activates at random after any spin is complete. You are awarded five free spins. During Super Mode, three wild symbol positions are randomly activated and held in position for the rest of free spins. Only one wild symbol is activated per spin. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Super Mode Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. If you activate the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game and Super Mode Free Spins bonus game on the same spin, the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game is played first. During Super Mode the wild, multiplier symbol may appear behind a held wild symbol and complete a winning combination. The wild, multiplier rules then apply. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to twenty-five coins per payline. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Hot as Hades symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations and doubles the payout. The Wild Joker symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Two Wild Joker symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2, and two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 3 and 4 of payline 1. As the Wild Joker symbol is wild, this completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. The Wild Joker is also a multiplier symbol, so the payout is doubled. This means your payout is 100 coins x 2 = 200 coins for the 4 Cherry symbol combination. The two Wild Joker symbols also complete a 2 Wild Joker symbol combination and pays out 10 coins. Although you have two winning combinations you are only paid out for the 4 Cherry symbol combination, as it is the higher value payout. So, your total payout in coins is 200 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 2 000 coins. And your total payout in credits is 2 000 coins x 0.50 coin size = 1 000 credits. [ top ] Scatter Symbol The Crystal Skull symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Example Game A has the following criteria: Two or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As scatter wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 60 coins for the scatter win + 150 coins for the regular win = 210 coins. And your total payout in credits is 210 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 105 credits. [ top ] Quest for the Crystal Helm Bonus Game Three or more Crystal Skull symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. You can progress through five different bonus game levels. Five objects are displayed in each bonus game level. You choose one object in each bonus game level. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount, a Win All symbol, or a Block symbol. Random bonus win amount You win the random bonus win amount revealed. You progress to the next level. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Win All symbol You win the total of all the random bonus win amounts hidden in the level. You progress to the next level. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Block symbol The game ends. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts awarded on each bonus game level played. Each bonus game level has a different number of awards or Block symbols: Level one has four random bonus win amounts and one Win All symbol. Level two has three random bonus win amounts, one Win All symbol and one Block symbol. Level three has two random bonus win amounts, one Win All symbol and two Block symbols. Level four has two random bonus win amounts, one Win All symbol and two Block symbols. Level five has four random bonus win amounts and one Win All symbol. Level five has a Discard option. You can discard your first choice and make a second choice. You can only discard a choice once per game. If your fist choice reveals the Win All symbol, you win the total of all the random bonus win amounts hidden in the level. You are not given the option to discard. If your second choice reveals the Win All symbol, the discarded random bonus win amount is excluded from the total win. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts awarded on each bonus game level played. If you activate the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game and Super Mode Free Spins bonus game on the same spin, the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game is played first. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on reels activate the bonus game. There is no payout for any Bonus symbol combination. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount or a Collect symbol. The Collect symbol ends the game. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the random bonus win amounts collected on each bonus game level played. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bonus symbols are scattered on the reels. As three Bonus symbols activate the bonus game, the bonus game begins. Four bonus game levels with five objects on each level is displayed. You choose one object in each bonus game level. Object 3 on level 1 reveals 80 coins, object 3 on level 2 reveals 20 coins and object 5 on level 3 reveals 100 coins. Object 2 on level 4 reveals a Collect symbol. The game ends. So, your payout in coins is 80 coins + 20 coins + 100 coins = 200 coins. And your total payout in credits is 200 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 100 credits. [ top ] Super Mode Free Spins Bonus Game The Super Mode Free Spins bonus game activates at random after any spin is complete. In this game: You are awarded five free spins. During Super Mode, three wild symbol positions are randomly activated and held in position for the rest of free spins. Only one wild symbol is activated per spin. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Super Mode Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. During Super Mode the wild, multiplier symbol may appear behind a held wild symbol and complete a winning combination. The wild, multiplier rules then apply. If you activate the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game and Super Mode Free Spins bonus game on the same spin, the Quest for the Crystal Helm bonus game is played first. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Free Spins bonus game activates at random. You are awarded 3 free spins. There is a fixed wild on one reel in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. The Free Spins bonus game activates at random. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 of payline 1, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 1. The wild symbol substitutes for the Cherry symbol to complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination. This pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. On the second free spin, two Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2 of payline 2, and one Fixed Wild symbol is displayed on reel 3 of payline 2. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 800 coins. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 1 000 coins for the first free spin + 800 coins for the second free spin = 1 800 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 1 800 coins for the bonus game win = 3 810 coins. And your total payout in credits is 2 010 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 1 005 credits. [ top ] Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild, multiplier symbol. Example Three Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. You are paid out for a 3 Cherry symbol combination. The 3 Cherry symbol combination payout is highlighted on the payout table. Once you have won the 4 Cherry symbol and 5 Cherry symbol combinations, the Cherry symbol is unlocked and highlighted in gold. [ top ] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select your bet amount. How? Click the Bet box. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum coin size permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet and the number of paylines enabled to the maximum bet permitted. 2. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] Game Wins and Balances You can view your win history and casino balances in the game. Your wins are displayed in the Win box, and your current casino balance is displayed in the Balance box. What do you want to do? View my win history You can view your most recent win and your top 5 wins. Click the Win box. Click the Recent tab to view your recent wins. Click the Top 5 tab to view your Top 5 wins. View my balance amounts Your casino balance is displayed in both coins and credits. Click the Balance box. Click the Summary tab. View my bet and win amounts in coins or credits You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. Click the Balance box. Click the Options tab. Select your betting and payout mode. Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins and Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins and credits. All bets are displayed in credits. All payouts in the Win box are displayed in coins and credits. All payouts on the game paytable displays in credits. [ top ] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session.