Honey Mooners About Honeymooners The Honeymooners is a five reels with twenty fixed payline slot game, with: General Scatter symbol Wild symbol TV Episode Bonus Free Spin Bonus Wild Alice Free Spins Wild Multiplier Free Spins General Game has fixed 20 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line) Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.20 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.20 credits / 20 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.50 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.50 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.50 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 20 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 20 credits / 20 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. Scatter symbol can appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. 3 Scattered Bonus symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild symbol appears only on Reels 1, 3 and 5 in Base game. Wild has its own payout and will pay during re-spins of the TV Episode Bonus and Free Spin Bonus. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except TV symbol and Scatter symbol. TV Episode Bonus is a TV symbol. TV symbol can appear only on reels 2 and 4. TV Episode Bonus is triggered when 2 TV symbols appear anywhere on reels 2 and 4. Player is paid for any winning combinations on the reels and is randomly awarded 1 of the 5 following Bonuses. Funny Money Bonus Hello Ball Bonus Get Rich Quick Bonus Will of Fortune Bonus Floating Wilds Bonus TV and Scatter symbols will not be available during TV Episode Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus and TV Episode Bonus cannot be triggered during re-spins of any awarded Bonus round. All 5 Bonuses are played on the same bet which triggered TV Episode Bonus. Funny Money Bonus : A random amount is awarded during this feature, bills start flying out of TV creating a win meter with pile of cash. The awarded prize is already multiplied by the total bet. Hello Ball Bonus : A golf ball comes rolling off the reels and lands on one of the reels making it Wild. The rest of the reels re-spin once. Pays are evaluated after the re-spin. Get Rich Quick Bonus : Player is asked to pick 1 of 4 displayed helper icons which reveals a random award. All unpicked options are then revealed. The awarded prize is already multiplied by the total bet. Will of Fortune Bonus : All TV symbols turn into 3x Wild symbols and all reels re-spin once. 3x Wild substitutes for all symbols and multiplies the winning combination by 3x if substituting in a win. Two 3x Wild symbols in a winning combination will multiply by 9x. Floating Wilds Bonus : All reels re-spin once and number of floating Wild symbols appear above the reels and land on certain reel positions making them Wild. Pays are evaluated after the floating Wild symbols land on reels. Free Spin Bonus is a Scatter symbol. 3 Scattered Bonus symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus offers two different options to the player out of which the player can choose one of the Free Spins. Wild Alice Free Spins Wild Multiplier Free Spins TV Episode Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Spin Bonus. TV and Scatter symbols will not be available during Free Spin Bonus. All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Wild Alice Free Spins is a Scatter symbol. 3 Scattered Bonus symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus offers two different options to the player out of which the player can choose one of the Free Spins. Wild Alice Free Spins. Wild Multiplier Free Spins. When player chooses Wild Alice Free Spins, player is awarded 10 Free Spins. Symbol acts as Wild and substitutes for all symbols during Wild Alice Free Spins. Wild Alice Free Spins are played on the same bet which triggered the Free Spin Bonus. Wild Alice Free Spins cannot be Re-triggered. Free Spins wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. Wild Multiplier Free Spins is a Scatter symbol. 3 Scattered Bonus symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus offers two different options to the player out of which the player can choose one of the Free Spins. Wild Alice Free Spins. Wild Multiplier Free Spins. When player chooses Wild Multiplier Free Spins, player is awarded 8 Free Spins with 2x, 3x and 4x Wild symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 respectively. If Wilds with multipliers are substituting in a win then that win is multiplied by respective multiplier. Example : 2xWild symbol multiplies the win it is substituting in by 2. 3xWild symbol multiplies the win it is substituting in by 3. 4xWild symbol multiplies the win it is substituting in by 4. If multiple Wilds with multipliers are substituting in a win then that win is multiplied by all Wild multipliers. Example : Any win with 2xWild and 3xWild substituting is multiplied by 6. Any win with 2xWild and 4xWild substituting is multiplied by 8. Any win with 3xWild and 4xWild substituting is multiplied by 12. Any win with 2xWild, 3xWild and 4xWild substituting is multiplied by 24. Wild Multiplier Free Spins are played on the same bet which triggered the Free Spin Bonus. Wild Multiplier Free Spins cannot be Re-triggered. Free Spins wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut • Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Last modification date: 4/6/2017