Ho Ho Ho About Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho Ho is a five reel, fifteen payline, and one hundred and fifty coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature Game Controls Item Description Coin Size buttons Selects the coin size you want to bet. Click (+) or (-) to increase or decrease the coin size. Select Lines button Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Select Coins button Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Bet Max button Bets the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size, number of coins and the number of paylines to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. View Payout button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Options button Displays the game options where you can view and change your game play and sound settings. Statistics button Displays the game play statistics. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the payout table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The bonus game can be re-activated during the free spins. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Gamble feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. This feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it. If you select the correct card colour your win is doubled. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020