Humpty Dumpty General Game has fixed 30 lines. Game contains 3 high, 2 high and 1 high display versions of certain symbols. All reels can get stacked symbols up to 3 high. The symbols which can be stacked are- Soldier Drummer Humpty Dumpty Soldier symbol can get stacked up to 3 high on any reel. Drummer symbol can get stacked up to 2 high in base game and up to 3 high in Free Spins Bonus on any reel. Humpty Dumpty symbol can get stacked to 3 high only on reel 3. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.30 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.30 credits / 30 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.30 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.30 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.30 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 30 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 30 credits / 30 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Scatter Symbol Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. Scatter symbol can appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4 during base game. Completes a winning Scatter combination when three Scatter symbols appear on the reels. 3 Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol Humpty Dumpty symbol is a Wild symbol. Full stack of Humpty Dumpty appears only on reel 3 during base game and Humpty Dumpty Free Spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Humpty Dumpty Wild symbol appears on reel 3 and 4 during Freezing Wild Free Spins. Humpty Dumpty Wild Feature Humpty Dumpty symbol is a Wild symbol. On any spin, whenever a full stack of Humpty Dumpty symbol appears on reel 3, it explodes into pieces and splits the reel 3 into two full stack wild reels and converts the current game into 6x3 reel game. Reel 3 and 4 are stacked wild reels which contain exploded pieces of Humpty Dumpty symbol. Exploded pieces of Humpty Dumpty symbol may fall on the random positions of reels 2 and/or 5 including Scatter symbol and convert those positions to wild. Pays are evaluated after all pieces of Humpty Dumpty symbol have landed on reel positions. Free Spins Bonus Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins Bonus offers two different options out of which player can choose any one. Freezing Wild Free Spins Humpty Dumpty Free Spins All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. [ Note: During the "Freezing Wild Free Spins" the game is played with 6*3 payline pattern shown on the game paytable.] Free Spins Bonus wins are added to payline and Scatter wins. Freezing Wild Free Spins Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins Bonus offers two different options out of which player can choose any one. Freezing Wild Free Spins Humpty Dumpty Free Spins During Freezing Wild Free Spins, player is awarded 8 Free Spins. The game grid becomes 6x3 format with 30 paylines and freezing wilds on reel 3 and 4. On top of the reels little Humpty and Dumpty sit 8 steps away from each other. Anytime a Scatter symbol appears on the reels during Free Spins, Humpty and Dumpty move towards each other by the number of steps equal to the number of Scatter symbols. During Freezing Wild Free Spins, Scatter symbol appears only on reels 2 and 5. 2 scattered Scatter symbols award 2 additional Free Spins and are added to the current Free Spins. When Humpty and Dumpty meet on top of the reels, 2 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins will pay 2x. Once Humpty and Dumpty are put together, that feature is no longer available. However, 2 Scatter symbols appearing simultaneously continue to award 2 additional Free Spins. Humpty Dumpty Free Spins Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins Bonus offers two different options out of which player can choose any one. Freezing Wild Free Spins Humpty Dumpty Free Spins During Humpty Dumpty Free Spins, player is awarded 10 Free Spins. The game grid remains 5x3 format. On top of the reels little Humpty and Dumpty sit 10 steps away from each other. Anytime a Scatter symbol appears on the reels during Free Spins, Humpty and Dumpty move towards each other by the number of steps equal to the number of Scatter symbols. During Humpty Dumpty Free Spins, Scatter symbol appears only on reels 2 and 4. 2 scattered Scatter symbols award 2 additional Free Spins and added to the current Free Spins. When Humpty and Dumpty meet on top of the reels, 3 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins will pay 2x. Once Humpty and Dumpty are put together, that feature is no longer available. However, 2 Scatter symbols appearing simultaneously continue to award 2 additional Free Spins. During Humpty Dumpty Free Spins, whenever a full stack of Humpty Dumpty appears on reel 3, Humpty Dumpty Wild Feature triggers and converts the reel grid to 6x3 for that spin only. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.05%. Last modification date: 12/6/2017