Hansel and Gretal Treasure Trail About Hansel And Gretel Treasure Trail Hansel And Gretel Treasure Trail is a 8x6 reel, sixty fixed payline slot game. • General • Scatter symbol • Wild symbol • Mystery Feature • Free Spins • Treasure Jackpot Game The game has 60 paylines but you play on bet of 40 fixed paylines, so you have an advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. As this is a fixed line game, your bet is calculated by the coin size * number of coins * 40. General The game has 8 reels in total with 2 left reels being six tall and remaining 6 reels arranged as one set of 3 reels stacked on top of another set of 3 reels. In this game all 60 paylines are permanently enabled. The game has 60 paylines but you play on a bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have the advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. The game contains 6 high, 3 high and 1 high display versions of certain symbols. Reels 1 and 2 can get stacked symbols up to 6 high and reels 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 can get stacked symbols up to 3 high. The symbols which can be stacked are – Hansel Gretel Witch Coins Swan Axe If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter and Treasure Jackpot Game. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line) Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.40 credits,the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be {(Max win value in coins x Maximum bet per line)/20} = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1,200,000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 160 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 160 credits / 40 paylines = 4 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as {(1,200,000 coins x 4 credits)/ 20} = 240,000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The Percentage breakdown for game and Treasure Jackpot Game is 92.054% and 4% respectively. The total theoretical Percentage Return to the Player is 96.054%. Scatter Symbol Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. Completes a winning Scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 50, 30, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * total bet). For example, if 5 of a kind win of Scatter is 0.40 credits on minimum bet and total bet of 0.40 credits, then base pay of 5 of a kind win of Scatter would be { (0.40 credits won on minimum bet / 40) * 100 } = 1.00. And your Scatter win would be (1.00 Base pay * 0.40 in credits) = 0.40 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild Symbol Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Wild symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a win line. Mystery Feature Each reel contains certain Mystery positions that are replaced with other game symbols including Wild except Scatter before each reel spin. Free Spins Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on reels activate the Free Spins. 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 50, 30, 20, 16, 12 or 8 Free Spins respectively. During the Free Spins, all pays are Doubled. Free Spins Feature can be re-triggered. Mystery Feature is also available during Free Spins. All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. Treasure Jackpot Game The Treasure Jackpot Game is triggered randomly during base game and awards a Mystery Progressive Jackpot. There are 4 levels of Progressive Jackpot awards - Diamond, Ruby, Gold and Silver. During the Treasure Jackpot Game, 12 Items are displayed and player is asked to continue picking them until one of the Jackpot is won. Each pick reveals an item associated with one of the Jackpot awards. When 3 of the same items are revealed, player wins the associated Jackpot. Items will be auto-picked after the clock times out. After any Jackpot is won, it is reset to its base value. Each paid spin increases the values of each of the 4 Jackpots by contributing a portion of the total bet. Diamond: 10,000 Ruby: 3,200 Gold: 400 Silver: 160 The chance of winning Progressive Jackpot is proportional to the total bet i.e. the chance of winning the Jackpot is higher when bet is increased. General Jackpot Rules A Jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize. The value increases with each bet placed. Jackpot games are only available to real players. The current value of the Jackpot is displayed in the game. The casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the value displayed in the game matches the value on the casino server. The value is reviewed and increased periodically. The value on the server is used when you are paid out. All Jackpot wins are subject to final confirmation by the casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Last modification date: 12/6/2017