Immortal Glory About this Game • Welcome to Immortal Glory, a video slot featuring Wild Stack symbols, Jackpot, and Free Spins with Nudging Wild Stack and Glory Spin. General Immortal Glory is a video slot with 5 reels, 4 rows, and 40 lines. Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Free Spins and Jackpot cannot be triggered simultaneously. Wild Symbol Wild Stack and Nudging Wild Stack symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols appear only as stacked symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Jackpot symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Jackpot 3 Jackpot symbols trigger the Jackpot. Jackpot symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5. The Jackpot can award 20X, 100X, or 10000X the total bet. The Jackpot can trigger in base game only. Jackpot payouts are awarded when the feature is complete. Free Spins In the base game, a partial or full Wild Stack on reel 1 and one or more other reels awards 5 Free Spins. The triggering Wild Stack symbols from the base game will convert into Nudging Wild Stack symbols at the start of Free Spins. During Free Spins, all Wild Stack symbols become Nudging Wild Stack symbols. A partially landed Nudging Wild Stack nudges up or down one step per spin so that the reel is filled. For example, if the top part of the Nudging Wild Stack is visible on the bottom of the reel, then the Nudging Wild Stack nudges upward. If the bottom part of the Nudging Wild Stack is visible at the top of the reel, then the Nudging Wild Stack nudges downward. If a Nudging Wild Stack fully covers a reel, it will disappear on the next spin. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Glory Spin After the 5th spin is complete in Free Spins, if there is at least one partially visible Nudging Wild Stack, then Glory Spin is triggered. If a Nudging Wild Stack already fully covers a reel, it will disappear on the Glory Spin. Any partially visible Nudging Wild Stack on the reels will nudge to cover the entire reel. The reels which do not have a Nudging Wild Stack will spin once more. Wins from Glory Spin are multiplied by a random multiplier. The possible multipliers are 2X, 3X, 5X, and 10X. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English IMMORTAL GLORY - IMMORTAL GLORY NUDGING WILD STACK - NUDGING WILD STACK WILD STACK - WILD STACK GLORY SPIN - GLORY SPIN LINES - LINES MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER PICK ONE - PICK ONE WIN UP TO - WIN UP TO JACKPOT - JACKPOT WILD - WILD SILVER - SILVER BRONZE - BRONZE GOLD - GOLD FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages Lobby: Navigate back to the Casino lobby Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytables button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an RTP of 96.19%. This value is fixed an d does not change. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020