Jewel Quest Riches About Jewel Quest Riches Jewel Quest Riches is a branded 5 reel slot featuring collapsing reels with increasing multiplier, and a match-3 jewel swapping bonus game based on the award winning Jewel Quest with 8 levels, 3-star achievements and a local progressive bonus jackpot. Payouts Players can achieve wins when three or more of the same symbol appear on the reels in a horizontal or vertical arrangement. The total number of each symbol involved in all coinciding winning combinations determines the symbol multiplier. Matched symbol sets must be arranged horizontally or vertically (not diagonally) on the game board. Winning symbols are removed. Symbols fall down to fill the gaps, and an increasing win multiplier is applied to any winnings which occur after symbols are replaced. The win multiplier increases by 1 after every symbol replacement until the spin is complete, and then resets to 1. The sum of winning amounts from all valid winning combinations is credited to your wallet after all cascades have finished, which is after each spin. The overall game theoretical RTP is 95.19% (Main game 61.56%, Bonus 26.50%, Bonus jackpot 7.13%). Playing the Game To play the game: Choose the total bet amount. Spin the reels. Bet size: The total bet amount is calculated by coin size multiplied by 10 lines. When the player changes their bet size, the coin size is altered and the new total bet amount is shown. The winning conditions are as follows: Consecutive instances of the same symbol pays out according to the value in the paytable information. The bonus game is awarded when 3 Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 (see section Jewel Quest Bonus). Wild s ymbol The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol to complete a matching set, except the Bonus symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for more than one symbol at the same time, and is counted twice when it's position creates matching sets of 3 or more different symbols. Jewel Quest Bonus Jewel Quest Bonus is an interactive, symbol swapping match-3 puzzle game with 8 levels, which is triggered when 3 Bonus scatter symbols appear in any position on reels 1, 3, and 5. Players are randomly awarded 8, 10 or 12 moves to use in the bonus game. Using available moves, players swap adjacent jewel symbols on the bonus gam e board to create matching sets of 3 or more in a horizontal or vertical arrangement. Winning symbols are removed. Symbols fall down to fill the gaps until no further matches occur. 2 relic symbols are always revealed at the start of every bonus game. Matches of 4 or more symbols may reveal additional relic symbols, and up to 6 relic symbols may be revealed in any bonus game. At the end of the bonus game a relic symbol is chosen in a pick 1-of-x feature to award a Mystery Multiplier. The awarded multiplier is applied to the total number of jewel symbols matched in the bonus game to determine the bonus game prize. Bonus level progress is retained across bonus games. Bonus levels are completed when all positions on the bonus game board have been turned gold. If a bonus level is completed with moves remaining, the bonus game continues on the next bonus level until all available moves are used. The bonus jackpot is a local progressive prize that increases by 6X current total stake after each bonus trigger, and is awarded when any bonus level is completed. The bonus jackpot can only be awarded once every bonus game and is reset to zero after award. Jewel Quest Bonus provides 8 different world levels to complete. Bonus level progression always starts with level 1. Each bonus level is unlocked in sequence after the current bonus level is completed. Bonus levels can be replayed in any order after all 8 levels have been completed.Bonus levels in progress must be completed before selecting another level. A level achievement score of 1-3 stars is awarded on completion of every bonus level. Level achievement scores are based on the total number of jewel symbols matched for that level. Level achievement scores do not provide a prize value, and scores of less than 3 stars can be improved on level replay. Autoplay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Autoplay and some of these options may not be available in the game you are playing. Autoplay Options Number of plays Loss limit Single win limit Click Autoplay . This button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click the check box to begin your Autoplay session.