Jumpin Rabbit About Jumpin' Rabbit Jumpin' Rabbit is a five reel, thirty payline, and six hundred chip slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of chips that are won for each combination. The total number of chips paid out depends on the number of chips you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of chips won, multiplied by the number of chips played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of chips won multiplied by the chip size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. During the free spins more Wild Rabbit symbols are added to the reels. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to twenty chips per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Rabbit symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded ten free spins. During the free spins more Wild Rabbit symbols are added to the reels. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of chips that are won for each combination. The total number of chips paid out depends on the number of chips you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of chips won, multiplied by the number of chips played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of chips won multiplied by the chip size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your chips to credits is: Number of chips x chip size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild symbol The Wild Rabbit symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Free Spins bonus game Three Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. During the free spins more Wild Rabbit symbols are added to the reels. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Chip Size (+) or (-) to select the chip size you want to bet. Click Chips Per Line (+) or (-) to select the number of chips you want to bet per payline. To bet the maximum number of chips permitted, click Bet Max . The number of chips bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020