Jurassic World General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Two symbols displayed on the reels during the base game transform into wild symbols. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Indominus feature This feature is randomly activated after any winning spin during the base game. You are awarded up to a 1000x multiplier value on your total bet. This feature is not available during the free spins. Free Spins You can play one of three free spins bonus games. You are randomly awarded one of the three free spins bonus games. After 15 free spins activations, you can choose a free spins bonus game. You are awarded 10 free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Gyrosphere Valley free spins The multiplier value starts at 2. The multiplier value increases by 1 on each non-winning spin. The maximum multiplier value is 7. On a winning spin, the multiplier value resets to 2. The scatter symbol does not appear during this bonus game. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Creation Lab free spins Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol combination wins. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Cryo Wilds™ symbols are held in place during the free spins: This symbol is held for 3 winning spins before melting away. This symbol is not removed from the reels or fill the empty spaces during the Rolling Reels™ feature. The scatter symbol does not appear during this bonus game. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Raptor Den free spins All scatter symbols act as wild symbols during the free spins. When three or more scatter symbols display on the reels, you are paid out for both a scatter symbol and a wild symbol win. Scatter symbols are held until three or more are displayed on the reels. Three or more scatter symbols displayed on the reels award 5 more free spins. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap and hold Spin to open the spin settings. Tap and drag to select the number of spins you want to play. Tap Play to return to the game and start AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap and hold the number of remaining spins. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 7/19/2017