Joker 8000 About Joker 8000 Joker 8000 is a three reel, five payline slot machine, with: A Super bonus game. A Gamble feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout figures show the multiplier value won for each possible combination. The multiplier value won is multiplied by the coin size you bet per spin. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second or third slot reel does not pay out. Super Bonus Game Payouts You can win up to a 8 000x bet multiplier. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. A fixed bet of 20 Super credits is bet per spin. If two Joker symbols are displayed on any two reels you are awarded a mystery prize. • Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. The Set Aside function deducts 20 credits from your current win amount. You can choose to collect or gamble again with the set aside amount. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All payouts are in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays Super Bonus Game Rules Any win higher than 20 credits, with a bet type 10, activates the Super bonus game. You can win up to a 8 000x bet multiplier. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. Super credits are used to play the game. Your Super credits are displayed in the Supermeter. A fixed bet of 20 Super credits is bet per spin. You cannot change your bet type. If two Joker symbols are displayed on any two reels you are awarded a mystery prize. The mystery prize is a random multiplier value between 20x and 8000x. The random multiplier value is multiplied by your coin size bet. If you run out of credits in the Supermeter. You are returned to the regular slot game. If you have less than 20 credits in the Supermeter. You can either collect the remaining credits, or play the Gamble feature. If you collect your wins, you are returned to the regular slot game and your credit balance is updated. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Gamble Feature Rules Any win activates the Gamble feature. When you win, you can choose to gamble or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. You can choose to gamble the whole win amount or a only portion of your win amount by using the Set Aside function. The Set Aside function deducts 20 credits from your current win amount. You can choose to collect or gamble again with the set aside amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules This game is a pot game. The pot accumulates until a set point in the game. The value of the pot is dependent on the results of each individual spin and your wins in the game. As you play, the value of the pot changes according to the results of each spin. When you win, your winnings are paid out from the pot. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second or third slot reel does not pay out. All payouts are in credits. All payout figures show the multiplier value won for each possible combination. The multiplier value won is multiplied by the coin size you bet per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Super Bonus Game Any win higher than 20 credits, with a bet type 10, activates the Super bonus game. In this game: You can win up to a 8 000x bet multiplier. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. Super credits are used to play the game. Your Super credits are displayed in the Supermeter. A fixed bet of 20 Super credits is bet per spin. You cannot change your bet type. If two Joker symbols are displayed on any two reels you are awarded a mystery prize. The mystery prize is a random multiplier value between 20x and 8 000x. The random multiplier value is multiplied by your coin size bet. If you run out of credits in the Supermeter. You are returned to the regular slot game. If you have less than 20 credits in the Supermeter. You can either collect the remaining credits, or play the Gamble feature. If you collect your wins, you are returned to the regular slot game and your credit balance is updated. To play the bonus game: Three Lemon symbols are displayed on an enabled payline. They complete a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 30 credits. The Gamble feature is activated. Click Start . The Super bonus game is activated and your 30 credits won is transferred to the Supermeter. Click Start Super Game to spin the reels. Gamble Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. When you win, you can choose to gamble or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. In this feature: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. You can choose to gamble the whole win amount or a only portion of your win amount by using the Set Aside function. The Set Aside function deducts 20 credits from your current win amount. You can choose to collect or gamble again with the set aside amount. How do I play the Gamble feature? Choose your bet amount. Click Set Aside to only bet a portion of your win amount. Choose to Gamble on the card colour. Click Diamond to gamble on red. Click Spade to gamble on black. If you guess correctly, you can choose to play again or collect your winnings. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click Change Lines to select the number of paylines you want to bet. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Start . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020