Jungle Jim - El Dorado About Jungle Jim - El Dorado Jungle Jim - El Dorado is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not create its own win. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol only appears on reels 1, 2 and 3. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol winning combinations. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The bonus game can be re-activated during the free spins. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Scatter symbol wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet box Displays your bet options. Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins and your top 5 wins. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. Last modification date: 1/31/2017