Le Kaffee Bar About Le Kaffee Bar Le Kaffee Bar is a five reel, 243 ways and 300 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Scatter Collection feature Wild Spin Again feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol only appears when a 3 of a kind symbol combination is displayed on the reels. The 3 of a kind symbol combination can form horizontally or vertically on the reels. The middle symbol in the 3 of a kind symbol combination, can transform into this symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Wild Spin Again feature The wild symbol is held and you are awarded one free spin. This feature can be re-activated. This feature is available during free spins. During free spins, any wins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 1 and 5. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter Collection feature Each symbol displayed on the reels awards a coffee cup and it is collected. You can choose to start free spins once you collect 10 or 20 coffee cups. Free spins automatically start once you collect 30 coffee cups. This feature is available during the Wild Spin Again feature. This feature is not available during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game The number of free spins and multiplier awarded depends on the number of cups collected in the Scatter Collection feature. All wins displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by the average bet. The average bet is calculated from the bets placed on spins that collect cups or activate the free spins. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Wild Spin Again feature wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.51%. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Settings button Displays the game settings. Sounds Turns game sounds on or off. Vibration Turns vibration on or off. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left Handed Moves the console bar to left or right of screen. X button Closes the game. *Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020