Lucky Riches Hyperspins About Lucky Riches Hyperspins™ Lucky Riches Hyperspins™ is a five reel, 243 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Respin feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. General All 243 pay ways are permanently The bet size is the total number of credits bet per The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the A bet multiplier of 25 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 25 bet multiplier =2.50 total credits bet per spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot Regular payouts depend on your credits bet per spin. This does not include the bet multiplier. Wild symbol This symbol only appears on reels 2 and This symbol does not substitute for the scatter This symbol does not create its own winning Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild Scatter payouts depend on your total Respin feature You can respin a reel at the end of any spin for an additional cost. The cost is calculated in The cost of a respin is calculated separately for each The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of Changing the bet size affects the calculation of the respin cost. So, if you change your bet size after a spin, the respin feature is disabled until you spin You can respin a reel multiple You are only paid out for new winning combinations that are formed as a result of a respin. The Respin feature is not available during free The Respin feature is not available during This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet All wins are tripled during the free Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. The Respin feature is not available during free Winnings are automatically collected during the free Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as Free spins wins are not logged as This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click a bet Click and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Click your AutoPlay Click Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Page last updated on 26/09/2019 Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes: Game Mode RTP % Base game only 96.52% Base game with Re-spins 97.49% Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet Size Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also start the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 10/14/2020