Lucky Little Gods General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet per spin is dependant on the bet size multiplied by the bet value. The bet size is the coin size multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin and is multiplied by the coin size. For example, a 0.01 coin size x 30 bet multiplier = 0.3 bet size. The bet value is the number of coins bet per spin. Your total bet per spin is the bet size multiplied by the bet value. For example, 0.3 bet size selected x 5 bet value selected = 1.5 total bet per spin. All payout tables display the total win for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Only one winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the bet value you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol only appears on reels 1 and 5. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the bonus game activation symbols. This symbol does not create its own winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins Reel 1 and reel 5 are transformed into wild reels for each free spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. You are awarded one extra free spin for each scatter symbol displayed on the reels during the free spins. The Golden Tree Scatter Bonus, the Treasure Pot Scatter Bonus and the Little Gods Bonus cannot be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Golden Tree Scatter Bonus Random bonus amounts are revealed. You are awarded a random multiplier value between 1x to 15x. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. The Treasure Pot Scatter Bonus and the Golden Tree Scatter Bonus can be activated at the same time. Treasure Pot Scatter Bonus You select the pot to reveal a random bonus win amount. You are awarded a random multiplier value between 20x to 100x. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. The Treasure Pot Scatter Bonus and the Golden Tree Scatter Bonus can be activated at the same time. Little Gods Bonus This bonus game is randomly activated on any non-winning spin. Random bonus amounts are revealed. You are awarded a random multiplier value between 4x to 40x. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap AutoPlay . Choose your bet settings. Choose the number of spins you want to play. Choose your stop settings. Win Limit: Stops the session if the win increases by the amount selected. Loss Limit: Stops the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected. Tap Start AutoPlay . To stop AutoPlay, tap Stop . This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the bet value, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet . Tap and drag to select your bet size and bet value. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in coins. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020