Lock A Luck About Lock-a-Luck™ Lock-a-Luck™ is a 5 reel and 243 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Locked Reels feature Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. General All 243 pay ways are permanently The bet size is the total number of credits bet per The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total credits bet per spin is displayed in the A bet multiplier of 20 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 20 bet multiplier = 2 total credits bet per spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot Regular payouts depend on your credits bet per spin. This does not include the bet multiplier. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete This symbol does not create its own This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and Locked Reels feature This feature activates for every Two random adjacent reels become Locked reels display identical Locked reels can expand and lock additional adjacent Up to 5 reels can become Regular win rules Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the Regular game wins are logged as Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.37%. Game controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Settings button Displays the game settings. Sounds Turns game sounds on or off. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left Handed Moves the console bar to left or right of screen. X button Closes the game. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the To start AutoPlay: Select a bet Tap and hold Spin or tap AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop . Select your AutoPlay Tap Start AutoPlay , Play or Spin . Tap Stop to end AutoPlay. Tapping this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted.