Lara Croft Temples and Tombs Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Ways Payouts Ways wins are calculated by multiplying the combination payout by the win multiplier and the bet multiplier. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on adjacent reels, starting from left to right. For winning combinations paying out, a winning combination must start with the leftmost reel in any position and continue on adjacent reels. The win multiplier is applied to pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Game win multiplier starts at 1 and increases to 2, 3, and 5 with each winning roll. Free Spins Payouts You are awarded 8 free spins for each way the Free Spins are triggered. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 and increases to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. 2. The Wild symbol can substitute for any symbol including the Free Spins symbol. Jackpot Rules 1. When no more Rolls from the Rolling Reels™ are possible, the player may be awarded a single Jackpot. 2. Every Wild symbol on screen at time of a ways evaluation will be collected. 3. The chance of winning the Jackpot increases with each Wild collected, up to a maximum of 100%. 4. Once won, a single Jackpot is awarded: Minor, Major, or Grand. 5. All Jackpots are multiplied by total bet. Rolling Reels™ Rules 1. Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. 2. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. When the Free Spin feature is triggered, winning combinations are removed after the feature completes. 3. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. 4. You are awarded a multiplier value on every consecutive win. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. 5. This process repeats itself, potentially increasing your winnings without betting on another spin. Multiplier Trail Rules 1. The win multiplier is applied to ways pays as each win is revealed. 2. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. 3. The Base Game win multiplier starts at 1 on each base spin and continues to 2, 3, and 5 with each winning roll. 4. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Free Spins Symbol Rules 1. 3 Free Spins symbols can form a winning combination. 2. Free Spins symbols can be substituted by the Wild symbol. 3. 3 Free Spins symbols award 8 spins of the Free Spins game per way. 4. Free spins can be awarded multiple ways. 5. 4th and 5th reel are not considered for Free Spin awards. Free Spins Rules 1. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. 2. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. 3. Free Spins can be re-triggered during Free Spins. Betting and Payout Rules 1. Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination. 2. Ways winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. 3. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, .40 credits bet per spin = .40 / .20 = a bet multiplier of 2. 4. Your total bet is equal to 0.20 credits times your bet multiplier. 5. Ways wins are calculated by multiplying the combination payout by the win multiplier. 6. All payouts displayed in paytables are based on the total bet. 7. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Icons Below are the icons used through out the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Loyalty Play Check Cash Check Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: • Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: 1. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. 2. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel Open the Menuby clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Desktop Console Bar Click the Betarea. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Betto bet the maximum permitted. Mobile Open the Bet Panelby tapping the icon. Tap the value you want from the visible options. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. Tap Max Betto bet the maximum permitted. 3. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. 4. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. 5. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop Open the Menuby clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Click the Generaltab from the top of the panel. Mobile Open the Menuby tapping the icon. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. • Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. • Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). • Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. • All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. • Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. • Background Music controls background music. Note: • Some of these options may not be available in your location. • Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay • AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. • A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. • AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. • Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.05%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020