Long Mu Fortunes General Rules You can bet up to 10 coins per Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Wild Symbol Rules Wilds substitute for all symbols except other wilds and the Free Spin Scatter . Jackpot Rules Red Dragon Wilds landing will also collect coins with a chance to trigger the Jackpot Feature. Any Jackpot won will be awarded after the Re-spin Feature is complete. 1 of 2 Jackpots will be awarded: Major or Grand. All Jackpots are multiplied by total bet. Red Dragon Wild Rules Red Dragon Wilds appear on reels 2 or 4. Red Dragon Wild is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Multiplier Wilds and the Free Spin Scatter . A Red Dragon Wild landing partially nudges up or down to fill the reel. Re-spin Rules The Re-spin Feature is available during base game and Free Spins . A Red Dragon Wild landing will trigger a re-spin. The reel with the Red Dragon Wild locks in place and the remaining reels re-spin. Re-spins are retriggered on any win. Line wins are awarded after the triggering spin and after each re-spin. Re-spin reels feature Multiplier Wilds on reels 2 to 5. The possible multipliers are 1X, 2X and 3X. Multiplier Wilds landing partially nudge up or down, filling the reel. Multiplier Wilds are wilds and substitute for all symbols except other wilds and the Free Spin Scatter. If multiple Multiplier Wilds are part of a line winning combination they will be multiplied together. Free Spins Rules Free Spin Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game. 3 Free Spin Scatters will award 10 Free Spins and an entry prize of 2X total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. The Re-spin Feature is available during Free Spins . During Free Spins all Multiplier Wilds in re-spins are 3X! The Free Spin Scatter symbol does not appear during Free Spins or re-spins. Bets and lines played are the same as in base game. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Jackpot wins are calculated by multiplying the Jackpot payout by the total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. A winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Free Spins Payouts 3 Free Spin Scatters will award 10 Free Spins and an entry prize of 2X total bet. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. 3. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per line. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. 3. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.44%. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Desktop 1. Click the Win area. 2. Click the Stats button. 3. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Statistics icon. 3. Tap the Stats icon. 4. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics · Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. · Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. View Game Wins View your Recent and Top 5 wins. Recent Wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the Recent Wins reset. Desktop 1. Click the Win area. 2. Click the Wins button. 3. View your Game Wins. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Statistics icon. 3. Tap the Wins icon. 4. View your Game Wins. Wins · Recent Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. · Top 5 Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON . Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Graphics Settings , click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Tap Game Settings . 4. Under Graphics Settings , tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Game Settings , click on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. 4. Under Game Settings , click on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Tap Game Settings . 4. Under Game Settings , tap on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. 5. Under Game Settings , tap on Show Tutorial At Startup to enable or disable the tutorial. 6. Under Game Settings , tap on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins.