Lady Earth About Lady Earth™ Lady Earth™ is a five reel 51 line slot game including: General Regular Symbols Passive Symbol Scatter Symbol RESPIN INSANITY™ Feature Lady Earth™ Bonus Game Rules General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 5 reels, with 5 symbol rows each and 51 active paylines. 3 or more matching symbols on a payline, on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel, represent a winning combination. Only the highest win per payline will be paid. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, 0.40 credits bet per spin = 0.40 / 0.20 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Passive Symbol This symbol is a passive symbol and does not pay. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. RESPIN INSANITY™ Feature Any winning spin triggers the RESPIN INSANITY™ Feature. Once triggered, all symbols positions containing the winning symbol form a respin area. All symbols in the respin area are respun. If a respin lands a symbol that matches one or more positions outside of the respin area, those positions are added to the respin area, and the respin area is respun area. After each respin, the gameboard is evaluated for additional wins. If the respin does not land a symbol that matches one or more positions outside of the respin area, then the feature is complete. Feature wins are added to regular wins. Lady Earth™ Bonus 3 Scatter symbols trigger the Lady Earth™ bonus. The Lady Earth™ bonus consists of up to 5 pick rounds. Each pick round presents 9 choices containing credits, skulls, 2X multipliers, or tokens. Select choices to award their prizes. If credits are selected they are added to the round win. If a 2X multiplier is selected, the current round win is multiplier by 2 times immediately. If 4 tokens are selected within a pick round, the round win is multiplied by 2, 3, or 4 times and awarded, the pick round is complete, and the next pick round begins. If a skull is selected it is collected. The bonus concludes when 3 skulls are collected or when the 5th pick round is complete. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. The Lady Earth™ bonus cannot be retriggered. The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonus triggering game. Credit awards are multiplied by the bonus bet multiplier. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. This feature tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. Symbol combinations must include at least one non-wild symbol to be logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about Autoplay options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay Options SPINS Set the number of spins you want to play. WIN LIMIT Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. LOSS LIMIT Stop the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected or more. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.80%. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. • SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). • PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. • TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. • RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.20 Max Bet : €600 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020