Loose Cannon About Loose Cannon Loose Cannon is a five reel and one hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: Two hundred and forty-three permanently enabled pay ways. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Wild Cannon bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or deselect pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded fifteen free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Wild Cannon bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Wild Cannon Bonus Game Payouts The Wild Ship symbol transforms and moves up or down the reel to create a three symbol wild symbol stack. The wild symbols fire cannons across the reels randomly transforming up to twelve symbols into additional wild symbols. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. The Wild Cannon bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All two hundred and forty-three possible winning ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Ship symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. One Wild Ship symbol displayed anywhere on reel 3, activates the Wild Cannon bonus game. Scatter Symbol Rules The Scatter Compass symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three Scatter Compass symbols scattered on the reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three Scatter Compass symbols scattered on the reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded fifteen free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Wild Cannon bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild Cannon Bonus Game Rules One Wild Ship symbol displayed anywhere on reel 3, activates the Wild Cannon bonus game. The Wild Ship symbol transforms and moves up or down the reel to create a three symbol wild symbol stack. The wild symbols fire cannons across the reels randomly transforming up to twelve symbols into additional wild symbols. All the bets and pay ways played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. The Wild Cannon bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules All two hundred and forty-three possible winning ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Wild Ship symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Activates the Wild Cannon bonus game when one appears anywhere on reel 3. Scatter Symbol The Scatter Compass symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three Scatter Compass symbols scattered on the reels 1, 3 and 5 activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded fifteen free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three Scatter Compass symbols are scattered on the reels 1, 3 and 5 during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Wild Cannon bonus game can be activated during the free spins. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or deselect pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Wild Cannon Bonus Game One Wild Ship symbol displayed anywhere on reel 3, activates the Wild Cannon bonus game. In this game: The Wild Ship symbol transforms and moves up or down the reel to create a three symbol wild symbol stack. The wild symbols fire cannons across the reels randomly transforming up to twelve symbols into additional wild symbols. All the bets and pay ways played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. The Wild Cannon bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020