Loaded Loaded es una máquina tragaperras de cinco tambores, veinticinco líneas de pago y quinientas monedas, incluyendo: Regular and special symbols Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Bonus features and games Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature Game play and advanced features Playing the game Free Games Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild, multiplier symbol The Triple 7 symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Wild, multiplier symbol rules: This symbol triples the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Scatter symbol The Bling Bling symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: This symbol completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol activates the Free Spin bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Free Spins bonus game Three or more Bling Bling symbols scattered on the reels activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins bonus game rules: You are awarded up to twenty-four free spins. You can win up to a 4x multiplier value. You can choose the number of free spins and multiplier values you want to play in the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Gamble feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. Gamble feature rules: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. You can view your win history and Casino balances in the game. Your wins are displayed in the Win box, and your current Casino balance is displayed in the Balance box. In this game: There are 25 paylines. Paylines are not permanently enabled for every spin, so you can select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to twenty coins per payline. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Place a bet and play Select your bet amount. How? Click (+) or (-) on the Bet box to select the total amount you want to bet. Click the Bet box and click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum coin size permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet and the number of paylines enabled to the maximum bet permitted. Click Spin. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To view your Casino balance: The Balance box displays your current Casino balance. Click on the Balance box to change your view or see a summary. Click on the Options tab to select Credits , Coins or Coins & Credits . Select to show your Bonus balance. The Bank button will take you to the Casino banking functions. Click the Summary tab to see your Casino balance in coins and credits. To view a summary of your winnings: If you have a winning spin, the win amount is shown in the Win box. Click on the Win box to change your view or see a summary Select View wins in coins and credits to see your wins in both coins and credits. Click on the Recent tab to see your last few win amounts. Click on the Top 5 tab to see your top 5 win amounts for this game session. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Botón Juego automático Muestra las opciones de juego automático, en las que puede seleccionar tirar un número de veces seguidas sin interactuar con el juego. Haga clic en juego automático y seleccione el número de tiradas que quiere jugar, así como las opciones para detener el juego. Botón Menú Muestra un menú de las opciones del juego y del sistema general. Puede cambiar las opciones del juego o ver las estadísticas de partidas del juego actual. Botón Opciones Muestra las opciones de la partida, en las que puede ver y cambiar los ajustes de sonido y de juego. Botón Estadísticas Muestra las estadísticas de la partida. Play an AutoPlay session Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Change game options Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . View game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . The overall theoretical return to player is 96.29%. Last modification date: 12/4/2020