Lucky Firecracker Lucky Firecracker is a five reel, 243 ways and 250 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 25 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 25 bet multiplier = 125 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 125 total coins bet x 0.01 coin size = 1.25 total credits bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. One regular win is paid per pay way. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol Only appears on reels 2 and 4. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not create its own winning combination when multiplesymbols appear in a line on a pay way. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game All wins are tripled during the free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins can be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Gamble feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. This feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it. If you select the correct card colour your win is doubled. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the paytable, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Item Description Bet button Displays your bet options. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options. AutoPlay Close button Closes the AutoPlay options panel. AutoPlay Infinity button Starts AutoPlay until you choose to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Menu button Displays a quick play buttons for quick spin and sound. Quick spin button Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sound button Turns game sounds on or off. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. Back button Enables navigation between the game settings and game paytable. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.19%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020