Love Island General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 15 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 15 bet multiplier = 75 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 200 total coins bet x 0.01 coin size = 2 total credits bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Choose a couple feature You can choose to let the game pick a couple for you, or you can pick your own couple. You can select a favourite islander and a date character to become your couple. The selected characters become the highest paying character symbols. All payouts remain the same in the regular game. Your date character replaces all other characters of the same gender during the free spins only. You can change characters during the regular game only. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol also creates its own combination. This symbol does not substitute for the character symbols to activate the Hot Zone feature. Hot Zone feature The favourite islander symbol and a character of the opposite gender symbol displayed in the centre of reels 1 and 5 activate the Hot Zone feature. You are awarded up to a 20x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. If the character of the opposite gender symbol is your selected date character, you can also win 10 free spins. This feature is available during the regular game only. Free spins Hot Zone feature awards can activate free spins. Your date character replaces all other characters of the same gender during the free spins only. A wild symbol displayed on the centre reel acts as an expanding wild symbol during the free spins. Any expanding wild symbol substitution wins are doubled. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: Select a bet amount. Tap and hold Spin or tap AutoPlay. In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop. Select your AutoPlay options. Tap Start AutoPlay, Play or Spin. Tap Stop to end AutoPlay. Tapping this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to playUntil stop Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: 1. Tap Settings. 2. Tap Quick spin. To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. Change my bet amount Tap Bet and choose your total bet amount. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.39%. Game controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button Starts the game AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options. Settings button Displays the game settings. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020