Lost Vegas About Lost Vegas Lost Vegas is a five reel, 243 ways and 450 coin slot machine, including: Game modes Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Survivors Free Spins Zombies Free Spins Zombie Fist of Cash feature Blackout Bonus feature Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Game modes You can choose to play in Survivors or Zombies mode. In Survivors mode the reel symbols are different and the free spins have a stash feature. In Zombies mode the reel symbols are different and the free spins have an infection feature. All payouts remain the same in the regular game. You can change game modes in the regular game only. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Survivors Free Spins Awards a random win amount for each royal symbol scattered on the reels. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The royal symbols are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If there is a winning combination on the reels after the royal symbols have been removed, you are paid out again. The free spins continue until all royal symbols are stashed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Zombies Free Spins A full zombie stack displayed on a reel infects that reel. Any single wild symbol displayed on the infected reel transforms into a wild symbol stack. The free spins continue until all five reels are infected. If you reach 50 free spins you are awarded a random bonus win amount and the free spins end. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Zombie Fist of Cash feature This feature is randomly activated after any non-winning spin during the regular slot game. You are awarded up to a 20x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Blackout Bonus feature This feature is randomly activated after any non-winning spin during the regular slot game. Each high symbol awards up to a 5x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Zombie Fist of Cash wins are not logged as achievements. Blackout Bonus wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet box Displays your bet options. Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins and your top 5 wins. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. Last modification date: 1/31/2017