Legend of Olympus About Legend of Olympus Legend of Olympus is a five reel and twenty payline slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Legend of Olympus bonus game. A Free Spins bonus game. A Gamble feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of credits paid out depends on the number of credits you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of credits won, multiplied by the number of credits played per payline. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Legend of Olympus Bonus Game Payouts You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Legend of Olympus bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to fourteen free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Legend of Olympus bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached . Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. Wild Symbol Rules The Hades symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Zeus symbol. Does not substitute for the Coin symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Legend of Olympus Bonus Game Rules Three or more Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Legend of Olympus bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. There are two game levels: Level 1: Three spinning coins are displayed. Stop the spinning coins to reveal your random bonus win amount. § If you have two or more gold coins you move to level 2. Level 2: Three treasure chest are displayed. Behind each treasure chest is a random bonus win amount. You can choose one treasure chest. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. The Legend of Olympus bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Zeus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to fourteen free spins. Zeus randomly casts lightning at Hades. Every time Hades is hit you are awarded more free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Legend of Olympus bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of credits paid out depends on the number of credits you play per payline. All payouts are in credits. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of credits won, multiplied by the number of credits played per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Hades symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Zeus symbol. Does not substitute for the Coin symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Zeus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to fourteen free spins. Zeus randomly casts lightning at Hades. Every time Hades is hit you are awarded more free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Zeus symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Legend of Olympus bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Legend of Olympus Bonus Game Three or more Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Legend of Olympus bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. There are two game levels: Level 1: Three spinning coins are displayed. Stop the spinning coins to reveal your random bonus win amount. § If you have two or more gold coins you move to level 2. Level 2: Three treasure chest are displayed. Behind each treasure chest is a random bonus win amount. You can choose one treasure chest. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of credits you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Legend of Olympus bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Gamble Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. How do I play the Gamble feature? Click Gamble . Choose to gamble on the card colour. If you guess correctly, you can choose to play again or collect your winnings. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click Lines (+) or (-) to select the number of paylines you want to bet.  To bet the maximum number of lines permitted, click Max . Place a bet. How? Click Bet (+) or (-) to select the amount you want to bet. To bet the maximum number of credits permitted, click Max . The number of credits bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020