Max Damage About Max Damage Max Damage is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine, with: Two hundred and forty-three permanently enabled pay ways. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All two hundred and forty-three possible winning ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Max Damage symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Creates a wild symbol stack. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Alien symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Alien symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Alien symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded fifteen free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. When a Spaceship symbol lands on any of the reels: You are awarded a random bonus win amount. Acts as a wild symbol to complete winning combinations. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules All two hundred and forty-three possible winning ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Max Damage symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Creates a wild symbol stack. Scatter Symbol The Alien symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Alien symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded fifteen free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. When a Spaceship symbol lands on any of the reels: You are awarded a random bonus win amount. Acts as a wild symbol to complete winning combinations. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . To increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins (+) or (- ) To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/23/2020