Mega Money Multiplier Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins bet x coin size played = amount in credits. Regular Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the coins bet . For a combination of 7 or Bar symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: A winning payline must have a symbol on each reel on the payline. A winning combination listed in the paytable must be formed by the symbols on a payline. If a Wild Multiplier symbol substitutes for a 7 or Bar symbol, the prize is multiplied by the associated multiplier. If two Wild Multiplier symbols are substituted for 7 or Bar symbols on a single payline then both multipliers are applied. Only highest winning combination payed per payline. Wild Multiplier Symbol Payouts Wild Multiplier wins are determined by the number and type of multipliers on the payline according to the paytable. One or more Wild Multiplier symbol on a payline wins a prize. Only highest winning combination payed per payline. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. Betting and Payout Rules You can select the number of coins bet and the coin size . Total bet (in coins) is 15 multiplied by coins bet . The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins bet x coin size played = amount in credits. Winning line combinations pay out in any order. Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each payline. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the coins bet . All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The values displayed are determined by the number of coins bet . Values are displayed based on the selected balance view mode (coins or credits). All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Respins wins are added to regular wins. Pays during Respins are doubled. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Multiplier Symbol Rules The 5X , 4X , 3X and 2X symbols are Wild Multiplier symbols. The Wild Multiplier symbols substitute for all 7 and Bar symbols. The Wild Multiplier symbols act as multipliers when substituting for 7 and Bar symbols. If two Wild Multiplier symbols are substituted for a 7 or Bar symbol on a single payline then both multipliers are applied. Only the highest combination is paid out per payline. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select your bet amount. How? Desktop Click the Bet area. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination on a payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Viewing Your Balance Your Casino Balance is visible in the Coins/Credits area of the console. You can choose to display the Balance in either coins or credits. The Balance panel shows the Balance Summary in both coins and credits and allows you to choose how to show balances and wins in the game. Choosing Credits will change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Choosing Coins will change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. To choose how to display your balance: Desktop Click the Credits/Coins area to open the Balance Options panel. Click Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Balance option. Tap Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning symbols and sequences. Background sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the general sound is turned ON . Some options may be disabled due to browser compatibility. Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic turns off animations. Enhanced shows full animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Note: Changing graphic settings may affect game performance. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behavior. Quick Spin increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin during Free Spins so your results are displayed quicker. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Autoplay Using AutoPlay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. About Autoplay A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Using Autoplay To use Autoplay: Desktop Click the Autoplay button to open the Autoplay panel. Click on any of the numbered options to start autoplay for the specified number of spins. The panel will close and Autoplay will start. To exit without starting autoplay, click anywhere outside of the panel. Once Autoplay starts, the Spin button turns into a Stop button. Click on it to stop Autoplay . Phone and Tablet Tap the Autoplay button to open the Autoplay panel. Tap any of the numbered options to start autoplay for the specified number of spins. The panel will close and Autoplay will start. To exit without starting autoplay, Tap the Cancel button or touch anywhere outside of the panel. Once Autoplay starts, the Spin button turns into a Stop button. Click on it to stop Autoplay . Note: Autoplay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. Win History and Statistics You can view your win history and session statistics in the game. What do you want to do? View my win history You can view your 5 most recent wins. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Wins button. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Wins button. View my game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics What statistics can I view? Game Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the three highest win amounts during the current game session. Wild Multiplier Symbols The 5X, 4X, 3X and 2X symbols are Wild Multiplier symbols. These Symbols: Substitute for all 7 and Bar symbols. If a Wild Multiplier symbol substitutes for a 7 or Bar symbol on a payline forming a winning combination the corresponding prize in the paytable is multiplied by the Wild Multiplier value. If two Wild Multiplier symbols substitute for 7 or Bar symbols on a payline forming a winning combination the corresponding prize in the paytable is multiplied by both Wild Multiplier values. Only the highest combination is paid out per payline. Last modification date: 4/19/2017