Ming Dynasty Mobile About Ming Dynasty Ming Dynasty is a five reels with thirty fixed pay line slot game, with: General A Scatter symbol A Wild A Mystery Feature A Free Spins General Game has fixed 30 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.30 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.30 credits / 30 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.60 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.60 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.60 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 30 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 30 credits / 30 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Wild symbol The Ming Dynasty symbol is a Wild symbol Wild symbol appears on Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Wild Substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. During Free Spins, Wild symbol can substitute the 'Anyway' symbol. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4, 3 Scatter symbols award 25, 15 or 10 Free Spins. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Mystery Feature Each reel contains a stack of Mystery positions which are replaced by a game symbol except Wild and Scatter during each reel spin. Free Spins 5, 4, 3 Scatter symbols award 25, 15 or 10 Free Spins respectively. Player is asked to Pick one of the Tiles to reveal an 'Anyway' symbol for Free Spins. During the Free Spins, that revealed symbol pays as 'Anyway' (i.e. Every combination pays). There can be maximum of 243 ways for the symbol which pays as 'Anyway'. All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spins. 'Anyway' wins are multiplied by Bet per line. Highest win paid per awarded 'Anyway' combination. During Free Spins, if 5, 4, 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels award 25, 15 or 10 additional Free Spins with originally revealed 'Anyway' symbol ( no new selection is made). Free Spins wins and 'Anyway' symbol wins are paid in addition to payline wins. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on keyboard. Disclaimer: This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. Last modification date: 3/15/2017