Mayan Eagle About this Game This is a 6 reel 5 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20 Way Rules This game includes 15625 Nobleways™. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Payable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Mystery Symbol All instances of this symbol that land are transformed into the same random symbol. This symbol cannot transform into Wild or Scatter symbols. This symbol can land on any reel spin. This symbol does not appear during Rolling Reels™. This symbol appears in base game and Free Spins. Wild Symbol This symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Wild symbols do not create their own win. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Scatter Symbol Scatters do not create their own win. Scatters are not removed in the Rolling Reels™ feature. Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols trigger 12 Free Spins. Each Scatter that lands awards 2 extra Free Spins. 4 or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 12 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and replaced with new random symbols. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in Free Spins. The win multiplier value increases by 1 on every consecutive trigger. The increasing multiplier is unlimited. The current multiplier value is held if the shifting symbols do not complete a win. The next win is multiplied by the multiplier value displayed. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.32% Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the Casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The Casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the Casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/14/2020