Medusa's Golden Gaze Medusa's Golden Gaze is a 5x3 reel, twenty five fixed payline slot game. General Bonus symbol Wild symbol Mystery Feature Reel Copy Feature Free Spin Bonus Autoplay General Game has fixed 25 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins Bet). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = Total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of King symbol which is 0.50 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.50 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.50 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 25 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 25 credits / 25 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in the paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player. You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The theoretical percentage return to player is 96.062%. Bonus symbol is a Bonus symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Bonus symbols on any payline award 8, 6 or 5 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. The Bonus symbols must appear consecutively on an active payline, starting with from the left most reel. If Multiple pay lines contain winning combinations of Bonus symbols, then all awarded Free Spins are added together. Player can win up to 200 Free Spins. Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild appears on all reels. Wild creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a win line. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol. Example: Game A has the following criteria: Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol to complete winning combinations. Winning combination pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from second, third, fourth or fifth reel does not pay out. Only highest winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. You spin the reels. Three Queen symbols are displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5, two Wild symbols appear on reels 1 and 2. This completes 5 Queen symbols win which pays out 0.40 credits on minimum bet. So, your total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. Mystery Feature Each reel contains a stack of Mystery positions which are replaced by a game symbol during each reel spin. All symbols including Wild and Bonus symbol can be Mystery stacked. Reel Copy Feature On any spin, if reel 1 contains a full stack of the same symbol, the same full stack can be copied to any 1, 2, 3 or all 4 remaining reels. All wins are evaluated after the Reel Copy Feature is completed. This feature occurs in both Base Game and Free Spin Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus is a Bonus symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Bonus symbols on any payline award 8, 6 or 5 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. The Bonus symbols must appear consecutively on an active payline, starting with from the left most reel. If Multiple pay lines contain winning combinations of Bonus symbols, then all awarded Free Spins are added together. Player can win up to 200 Free Spins. If the number of Free Spins awarded are 10 or more, player is offered 3 options to choose from: Regular Free Spins 50 Lines Free Spins Easy Feature Free Spins If the number of Free Spins awarded are 30 or more, player is offered 5 options to choose from: Regular Free Spins 50 Lines Free Spins Easy Feature Free Spins Super Free Spins Mega Free Spins Regular Free Spins: Player can play the same number of awarded Free Spins. 50 Lines Free Spins: Player can play 1/2 of the number of awarded Free Spins as 50 Lines Free Spins which is the nearest possible whole number of Regular Free Spins. These Free Spins are played with 50 Lines. Any remaining Free Spins are played as Regular Free Spins. Easy Feature Free Spins: Player can play 1/2 of the number of awarded Free Spins as Easy Feature Free Spins which is the nearest possible whole number of Regular Free Spins. During Easy Feature Free Spins, Reel Copy Feature occurs with a higher frequency. Any remaining Free Spins are played as Regular Free Spins. Super Free Spins: Player can play 1/3 of the number of awarded Free Spins as Super Free Spins which is the nearest possible whole number of Regular Free Spins. During Super Free Spins, all wins are multiplied by 3. Any remaining Free Spins are played as Regular Free Spins. Mega Free Spins: Player can play 1/5 of the number of awarded Free Spins as Mega Free Spins which is the nearest possible whole number of Regular Free Spins. During Mega Free Spins, all wins are multiplied by 5. Any remaining Free Spins are played as Regular Free Spins. Free Spin Bonus cannot be re-triggered. If player is awarded any regular free spins with other free spins then regular free spins are always played first. All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus round. Example: You spin the reels. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 of paylines 3, 4, 9, 15, 22 and 24 trigger the Free Spin Bonus round and award 30 Free Spins. This completes 3 Bonus symbols win on paylines 3, 4, 9, 15, 22 and 24 which pays out 0.05 credits on each payline on minimum bet. So, Total Bonus symbols win would be 0.05 credits * 6 paylines = 0.30 credits. Player is asked to pick one of the Free Spin Bonus options. When player chooses Super Free Spins option, player is awarded 10 Free Spins with 3x multiplier. On first Free Spin, 4 Jack symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of paylines 9 and 24. This completes 4 Jack symbols win which pays out 0.10 credits on each payline on minimum bet with 3x multiplier. So, total Jack symbols win would be 0.10 credits * 2 paylines * 3 = 0.60 credits. On second Free Spin, 3 Queen symbols appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 1. This completes 3 Queen symbols win which pays out 0.05 credits on minimum bet with 3x multiplier. So, total Queen symbols win would be 0.05 credits * 3 = 0.15 credits. You do not have any winning combination in further Free Spins, so your total Free Spins win would be 0.60 credits + 0.15 credits = 0.75 credits. As the Bonus symbols wins are added to Free Spins win, so your total payout is 0.30 credits + 0.75 credits = 1.05 credits. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On. Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop. Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Number of paylines). Spins You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop spins if Autoplay exceed the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Disclaimer: This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/23/2020