Machine Gun Unicorn Mobile General In this game all 10 paylines are permanently enabled. You can only bet 1 coin per payline. So, you bet 10 coins per spin. Your total bet amount is the number of credits bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per payline, your total bet per spin is 0.25 credits x 10 paylines = 2.50 credits bet per spin. Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first or fifth slot reel. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination from left-to-right and right-to-left on each enabled payline only. Regular win pay tables display the number of coins that are won for each regular winning combination, with 10 coins bet per spin. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the number of coins won displayed on the pay table by your credits bet per payline. So, if you bet 2.50 credits per spin, your credits bet per payline is 0.25. You then win a payout displayed as 16 coins on the pay table. So, your total payout amount is 16 coins win amount on pay table x 0,25 credits bet per payline = 4 credits. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Only appears on reel 3. There are no pays for this symbol. Activates the Symbol Bombs bonus feature when one symbol appears on reel 3. Regular win rules apply. Symbol Bombs bonus feature Activates when one symbol appears on reel 3. The Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol displayed on reel 3 blows up all the zombie-head symbols displayed on the reels. Each zombie-head symbol awards a bonus win amount. The more zombie-head symbols blown up, the higher the bonus win amount awarded. Wins displayed are already multiplied by your total bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You are awarded a bonus win amount as a consolation prize, if the bonus feature activates and there are no zombie-head symbols displayed on the reels. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. You win the total of all the win amounts revealed. Enable Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap the Menu icon. Tap AutoPlay . Tap increase (+) or decrease (-) to select the number of spins. Tap Spin to start Autoplay. To stop Autoplay, tap the Autoplay counter. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of credits bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap the Menu icon. Tap Bet . Tap increase (+) or decrease (-) to select your bet per line. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/23/2020