Mega Moolah General • Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. • In this game all 25 paylines are permanently enabled. • You can bet up to 5 coins per payline. • Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. • One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. • Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. • Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. • Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. • To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. Progressive jackpot Spin the wheel to win a progressive jackpot! • The Progressive bonus activates randomly. • You can win one of four guaranteed progressive jackpots. • A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize. The progressive jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. • The Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different progressive j ackpot. • Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. • Progressive games are only available to real players. • When the progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets. • The Mega progressive jackpot resets to 1000 000 credits. • The Major progressive jackpot resets to 10 000 credits. • The Minor progressive jackpot resets to 100 credits. • The Mini progressive jackpot resets to 10 credits. • The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. • The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the value displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. • The value is reviewed and increased periodically. • The value on the server is used when you are paid out. • All progressive wins are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. • The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. • If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. • To view the current maximum progressive jackpot payout, or to see a list of recent winners, visit the official website: www.JackpotMadness.com. Wild, multiplier symbol • Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. • Multiplies the payout by 2 when symbols complete a win. • Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. • Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. These wins arenot multiplied. • Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol • Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. • Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. • Is not substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. • Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. • Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. • Scatter wins are added to regular wins. • Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Free spins Spin for free! • Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. • You are awarded 15 free spins. • Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. • All wins are multiplied by 3. • All wild, multiplier symbol wins are multiplied by 3. • The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. • The Progressive Jackpot bonus cannot be activated during free spins. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: 1. Slide right to Settings . 2. Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. The RTP is 88.12% WITH a 5.3% Jackpot contribution Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. 1. Slide right to Settings . 2. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. 3. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020