Major Millions General In this game all 15 paylines are permanently enabled. You can only bet 1 coin per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Progressive jackpot Spin the reels to win a progressive jackpot! Five Major Millions symbols displayed in a line on payline 15 wins the progressive jackpot. A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize. The value increases with each bet placed. Progressive games are only available to real players. When the progressive jackpot is won, all players are notified. The jackpot is reset to a fixed minimum value. The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the value displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. The value is reviewed and increased periodically. The value on the server is used when you are paid out. All progressive wins are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. To view the current maximum progressive jackpot payout, or to see a list of recent winners, visit the official website: www.JackpotMadness.com. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Multiplies the payout by 3 when symbols complete a win. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. These wins are not multiplied. Regular win rules apply. Scatter Symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when three or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020