Mega Money Rush Mega Money Rush General There are 8 themed game worlds and a bonus race New worlds are unlocked when reaching the XP criteria defined for each world separately Every wheel spin is a bet Every wheel spin has only one result for the outer wheel ("WIN", powerup, surprise, XP, or no race) Each gold coin is worth 1% of the bet amount Wins include only gold coins and treasure chests that were collected on the racetrack (minus deduction for obstacle hits) The total win amount for all gold coins and treasure chests collected on the track is granted only at the end of the race Only one gold coin can be collected per row (unless using magnet or vacuum blast powerups) A powerup is placed on the racetrack only if there is at least one powerup in the inventory The surprise girl distributes gift surprises: 100 XP Powerup bundles (consisting of 1 powerup of each type) Money prize - x1 multiplier of the bet value Money prize - x2 multiplier of the bet value Malfunctions void all plays and pays Game Payouts The objective of the game is to collect as many gold coins and treasure chests as possible and avoid hitting the obstacles on the racetracks. Winnings are determined by the amount of gold coins and treasure chests collected. Hitting obstacles reduces the win amount. Winnings formula=(collected gold coins wins)+(collected treasure chests wins)-(obstacles hits). Paytables 1 gold coin = 1% of bet value Each racetrack contains at least 75 collectable gold coins and several treasure chests You might collect more than 75 gold coins by using the magnet or the coins vacuum powerups The amount of treasure chests on the track is determined in the internal wheel Each treasure chest is a multiplier of the bet value. Check the specific themed world paytable for detailed multipliers list Hitting an obstacle will make you lose 5 gold coins In case you win a bonus race, your bonus race prize will be a multiplier of the bet value. Check the specific themed world paytable for detailed multipliers list. Bonus Race A bonus race is won when you get a "WIN" slice in the external wheel and the "BONUS RACE" slice in the internal wheel. The bonus race can be won in any one of the game worlds. A bonus race feature consists of 2 steps: Selection screen The bonus selection screen enables you to select one vehicle out of 5 possible selections. Make your selection by clicking or tapping the required vehicle. The selection determines the amount of money on the bonus racetrack. The optional wins multipliers in the bonus selection screen are detailed in the worlds paytables. Bonus Race The bonus race contains only gold coins and treasure chests - you'll find that there are no obstacles and no powerups on the frenzy racetrack. Game Themed Worlds The game consists of 8 Themed Worlds, each one with different vehicles, obstacles and RTP. When you enter the game for the 1st time, only one world is open. The other worlds are opened gradually as you collect experience points (XP). Every time you unlock a new world, your XP will be reset to zero. The 8 Themed Worlds are: 1. Road Rush Jump in your sports car and drive on a paved speedway in the countryside RTP - 93.2% Max win - x1,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Potholes Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - None Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - None 2. Water Thrill Drive your speedboat in shallow waters, just a few inches above the coral reef. RTP - 93.5% Max win - x2,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Octopuses Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - None Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - Rocks that will push your speedboat to another lane 3. Canyon Flight Climb in your stunt Bi-plane and fly through a narrow canyon RTP - 94.4% Max win - x3,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Vultures Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - None Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - None 4. Jungle Safari Head to the jungle in your powerful SUV RTP - 94.7% Max win - x4,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Snakes Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Porcupines Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - None 5. Shark Attack Drive your ultra-fast submarine in an open sea full of hungry sharks RTP - 96% Max win - x5,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - None Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Sharks Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - Volcanoes that will hit your submarine to another lane 6. Dune Rally Challenge yourself in the hottest place on Earth with a jumpy dune buggy RTP - 96.2% Max win - x6,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Skeletons Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Camels Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - None 7. Snow Slide Climb aboard your snowmobile and navigate through the rocky, snowy north RTP - 97.3% Max win - x7,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - None Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Yetis Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - Trees that will move your snowmobile to another lane 8. Star Blaze Fly your way to the stars in the fastest spaceship in the galaxy. RTP - 97.5% Max win - x8,000 Static obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - None Moving obstacles (that reduce 5 gold coins) - Satellites & asteroids Lane blockers (that don't reduce winnings) - Space vortices that will deflect your spaceship to another lane The optional wins multipliers in the bonus selection screen are detailed in the worlds paytables Powerups Powerups help you maximize your winnings! Powerups can be won on the external wheel in the wheel screen or by the surprise girl. Each powerup slice on the wheel entitles you to one powerup. The surprise girl can grant you a bundle of powerups, with one powerup of each type. Powerups are accumulated in your inventory and are saved in your account (and will also be available in the next session). When starting a race, powerups will be distributed automatically, with one powerup of each type placed on the racetrack and subtracted from the inventory accordingly. No powerups will be used if you don't have them in your inventory. Available Powerups Magnet Attracts gold coins and treasure chests Active for 11 rows Can collect 2 or 3 gold coins on the same row Shield Creates a defence shield around the vehicle Active for 25 rows Can run over static or moving obstacles without losing gold coins and without losing control Coins Vacuum Creates a blast that removes all obstacles and attracts gold coins in the close vicinity of the vehicle Effective for 5 rows Can collect 2 or 3 gold coins on the same row Playing the game The objective of the game is to collect as many gold coins and treasure chests as possible and avoid hitting the obstacles on the racetracks. How to play the game: Select the unlocked world where you want to play in the main menu Scroll the worlds bar by swiping right or left on mobile devices or by clicking the white arrows on desktops Tap the world's image on mobile devices or click the world's image to enter the world wheel menu Locked worlds are inaccessible and appear with grayed images Set your bet amount in the wheel screen Tap /click the "Total Bet" button The bet selection popup opens Select your bet amount and then close the bet selection popup Tap /click the " SPIN " button to spin the wheels. If you get a " WIN " slice on the outer wheel, the inner wheel will continue spinning and reveal the number of treasure boxes that you will have in the skill race, or a " BONUS RACE ". Once the inner wheel reveals the number of treasure boxes or " BONUS RACE ", you will be prompted to the skill race. If you don't get the "WIN" on the outer wheel, you may get powerups that will help you maximize your winnings in future races, or XP that will move you closer to open a new themed world, or surprise girl or no race. Start the race Collect gold coins, treasure chests and powerups by moving the vehicle left and right. Avoid hitting obstacles Game wheels: The game consists of 2 wheels: external and internal. Every spin is a bet and the wheels determine the results. The external wheel results are: Win - direct to the skill race Surprise girl - surprise girl distributes money prizes or experience points (XP) or a powerup bundle with one powerup of each kind Magnet - entitles you to 1 magnet Coins vacuum - entitles you to 1 coins vacuum Shield - entitles you to 1 shield XP - entitles you to 100 experience points (XP) No win Internal wheel The internal wheel is revealed only when the external wheel stops on a "WIN" slice The internal wheel determines how many treasure chests will be placed on the racetrack If you get the "BONUS RACE" slice in the internal wheel, you'll bedirected to the bonus raceThe treasure chests prize list appear in every world's detailed paytable page How to open new worlds: Earn experience points (XP) Fill the XP bar to open the next world XP criteria increases as you open more worlds Experience points are granted in the external wheel as follows: XP slice - grants 100 XP Surprise girl - grants 100 XP (occasionally) How to collect and use powerups: Each powerup slice, on the external wheel, grants only one powerup per spin Surprise girl occasionally distributes powerup bundle with one powerup per type The powerups are added to your inventory The powerups inventory is kept updated between your sessions When a race is generated, one powerup from each type is added to the racetrack from your inventory When a powerup is collected on the track, it is activated If a powerup is missed on the track, it will not return to the powerup inventory Last modification date: 1/31/2017