Machine Gun Unicorn About Machine-Gun Unicorn™ Machine-Gun Unicorn™ is a five reel, ten payline, and ten coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Symbol Bomb bonus feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per payline, your coin size is 0.25 credits. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the payout table. So, your total payout is 10 coin win amount on the payout table x 0.25 coin size = 2.50 credits. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination from left-to-right and right-toleft on each enabled payline only. Possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. Symbol Bomb Bonus Feature Payouts You win bonus win amounts. Each zombie head symbol awards a bonus win amount. The more zombie head symbols blown up, the higher the bonus win amount awarded. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You are awarded a bonus win amount as a consolation prize, if the bonus feature activates and there are no zombie head symbols displayed on the reels. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus feature are the same as the spin that activated the bonus feature. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. Wild Symbol Rules The Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol only appears on reel 3. There is no payout for the Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. One Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol scattered on the reel 3, activate the Symbol Bomb bonus feature. Symbol Bomb Bonus Feature Rules One Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol scattered on the reel 3, activate the Symbol Bomb bonus feature. You win bonus win amounts. The Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol displayed on reel 3 blows up all the zombie head symbols displayed on the reels. Each zombie head symbol awards a bonus win amount. The more zombie head symbols blown up, the higher the bonus win amount awarded. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You are awarded a bonus win amount as a consolation prize, if the bonus feature activates and there are no zombie head symbols displayed on the reels. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus feature are the same as the spin that activated the bonus feature. Bonus feature wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination from left-to-right and rightto-left on each enabled payline only. You can only bet one coin per payline. So, you bet ten coins per spin. Your total bet amount per spin is determined by the number of coins bet per payline multiplied by the number of paylines enabled. So, your total bet in coins is 1 coin bet per payline x 10 permanently enabled paylines = 10 coins. The number of credits bet per payline determines your coin size. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per line your total bet in credits is 0.25 credits bet per line x 1 coin bet per payline = 0.25 coin size x 10 permanently enabled paylines = 2.50 credits. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. So, if you bet 0.25 credits per payline, your coin size is 0.25 credits. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the payout table. So, your total payout is 10 coin win amount on the payout table x 0.25 coin size = 2.50 credits. Bonus feature wins are added to regular wins. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild symbol The Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: This symbol only appears on reel 3. There is no payout for the Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol. Activates the Symbol Bomb bonus feature when one symbol is displayed on reel 3. Symbol Bomb Bonus Feature One Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol scattered on the reel 3, activate the Symbol Bomb bonus feature. In this feature: You win bonus win amounts. The Machine-Gun Unicorn symbol displayed on reel 3 blows up all the zombie head symbols displayed on the reels. Each zombie head symbol awards a bonus win amount. The more zombie head symbols blown up, the higher the bonus win amount awarded. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You are awarded a bonus win amount as a consolation prize, if the bonus feature activates and there are no zombie head symbols displayed on the reels. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus feature are the same as the spin that activated the bonus feature. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Click the Bet arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. You can increase the speed of the reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Click Turbo to increase the reel spin speed. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue AutoPlay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog. Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/23/2020