Multi Wheel Roulette Gold About Multi-Wheel European Roulette Gold Multi-Wheel European Roulette Gold has numbered pockets ranging from 0 to 36 on the roulette wheel. This game: Is played with up to eight roulette wheels and a single table. Is based on the standard European style Roulette. Has Call bets. Has Neighbour Bets. Has a Bets Track Has Customisable Bet Layouts. Game Payouts You can place different regular bet types on the table. These are Inside bets and Outside bets. Each bet type has a maximum betting limit. For more information on betting limits, contact the casino support staff. You can bet on the outcomes of up to eight roulette wheels simultaneously. The outcome of each wheel is independent of the other wheels. Your total bet per spin is calculated by multiplying the number of wheels enabled by the total amount bet on the table. Inside Bets Bet Name Odds Straight Up bet 35:1 Split bet 17:1 Street bet 11:1 Square bet 8:1 Line bet 5:1 Outside Bets Bet Name Odds Column bet 2:1 Dozen bet 2:1 Even-Money bet 1:1 Inside and Outside Bets You can place different regular bet types on the table. These are Inside bets and Outside bets. Inside Bets Straight Up bet Split bet Street bet Square bet Line bet Outside Bets Column bet Dozen bet Even-Money bet Neighbour Bets The Neighbour Bets consists of the number you place a Straight Up bet on, and the two numbers on either side of the Straight Up number on the roulette wheel. So, you bet on a total of five numbers. The default number of Neighbour bets placed is two. You can change the default number of Neighbour bets in the Game Options function. Neighbour bets are the same credit value as the regular bet. A chip is placed on the Straight Up number and one on each of the neighbouring numbers. This equals five chips bet. To place a Neighbour bet using the Bets Track: 1. Click the number on the Bets Track that you want to place Neighbour bets for. The bets are automatically placed on the neighbouring numbers of the selected number, on the roulette table. Call Bets Call bets are a group of bets placed on the roulette table at the same time. To place a Call bet: Set the game to Expert Mode by clicking Expert . Click Call Bets . Select the Call bet you want to use. The bets are automatically placed on the roulette table. This feature is only available in Expert Mode. If your game does not have Expert Mode, this feature will not be available. To place a Call bet using the Bets Track: 1. Click the required Call bet on the Bets Track. The bets are automatically placed on the roulette table. Note: The Call bets available on the Bets Track are: Les Voisins Du Zero Tiers Du Cylindre Les Orphelins Bets Track The Bets Track enables you to place groups of bets on the roulette table. You can place: Neighbour Bets Neighbour bets are bets placed on the neighbouring numbers of a Straight Up bet number on the roulette table. Neighbour bets are allocated as the numbers appear on the roulette wheel and not as they appear on the roulette table. Call Bets Call bets are a group of bets placed on the roulette table at the same time. The Call bets available on the Bets Track are: Les Voisins Du Zero Tiers Du Cylindre Les Orphelins Customisable Bet Layouts Bet Layouts are used to customise a layout of bets on the roulette table. You can apply your bets for a single game or during AutoPlay. You can customise different Bet Layouts and add one or more to the roulette table during a game. To customise a Bet Layout: Set the game to Expert Mode by clicking Expert . Click Edit Layout . The Bet Layout screen is displayed. Click a number in the Choose Layout area to select the Bet Layout you want to use. Place your bets on the table layout. How? To place a regular bet: Click a chip in the Chip Selection area to select the chip size you want to bet. You can view more chip sizes by clicking the arrows. Click a bet position on the table layout. To place a Neighbour bet: Click a chip in the Chip Selection area to select the chip size you want to bet. You can view more chip sizes by clicking the arrows. Select the number of Neighbour bets you want to place, from the Neighbours drop-down list. Click the number on the Bets Track that you want to place Neighbour bets for. The bets are added to the table layout. To place a Call bet: Click a chip in the Chip Selection area to select the chip size you want to bet. You can view more chip sizes by clicking the arrows. Click Call Bets . Select the Call bet you want to use. The bets are added to the table layout. To place the same bets currently used in your game: Click Get Table Bets . Your current betting positions are copied from the game and added to the table layout. To clear all bets: Click Clear or Clear Bets . All bets are cleared from the table layout. Other Betting Options Clear Bets To remove all bets from the table, click Clear Bet . The bets are cleared from the table. Reset To reset the bet layout to your last saved layout, click Reset . Undo To undo your last change to the bets placed on the table, click Undo . Your last change is cancelled. Redo To replace the last bet you removed using Undo , click Redo . Your bet is replaced on the table. View the Bet Summary section to view the coverage your customised Bet Layout has on the roulette table. Select how you want to apply the Bet Layout. The options are: Add this bet layout to the existing table bets Adds your bet layout to the current bets on the table in the roulette game. Clear table bets before placing this bet layout Removes all current bets from the table in the roulette game before adding your bet layout. Click Save Layout . Your customised Bet Layout is saved. You can create another bet layout or click Back to Table to return to the roulette game. To add a bet layout to the roulette table during a game: 1. Click Choose Layout to select the Bet Layout you want to use. The bets are placed on the roulette table. This feature is only available in Expert Mode. If your game does not have Expert Mode, this feature will not be available. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Controls Item Description Wheel selection area Displays the roulette wheels available in the game. Click the required number of roulette wheels to play with on the next spin. Chip selection area Displays the chip sizes available in the game. Use the arrows to select the chip size you want to bet. Increase a bet Click the bet you want to increase. The chip pile increases by the chip size currently selected. Reduce or remove a bet Right-click the bet you want to reduce or remove. The chip pile decreases by the chip size currently selected. To reduce or remove a bet, hold down the Shift key on your keyboard and click the bet you want to reduce or remove. The chip pile decreases by the chip size currently selected. Undo button Cancels your last change to the bets placed on the table. Redo button Replaces the last bet you removed using the Undo feature. Clear Bets button Removes all bets from the table. Rebet button To bet the same number of chips as your previous game, click Rebet . The chips are placed on the table. Rebet x2 button To bet double the number of chips as your previous game, click Rebet x2 . The chips are placed on the table. Spin button Starts the game. Expert button Enables you to change from Regular Mode to Expert Mode. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Options button Displays the game options where you can view and change your game play and sound settings. Statistics (%)button Displays the game play statistics. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an RTP of 97,20%. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. Last modification date: 1/29/2019