Moby Dick The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. There are 25 fixed paylines. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in credits. At least 3 matching symbols on a single payline trigger a winning combination. Winning 4+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10, 12, 15, 20 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spins Bonus Game. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Regular symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination on enabled paylines except the Wild Symbol and the Free Spin Scatter Symbol. Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Wild Symbol Wild Symbol rules: This symbol creates its own winning combination when 5 symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Payouts for 5 Wild symbols are the same as for the highest win symbol. This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game and the Free Spin Bonus Game. This symbol does not substitute for the Scatter Symbol. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Scatter Symbol Scatter Symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. Activates the Free Spins Bonus Game when four or more appear on the five reels. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Free Spins Bonus Game 4+ Free Spin Scatter symbols win 10, 12, 15, 20 Free Spins and the Free Spins Bonus Game evaluation starts. Free Spins rules: You are awarded 10, 12, 15, 20 Free Spins. All the bets and paylines played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Bonus Game. 4+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols during Free Spins retrigger 10, 12, 15, 20 additional Free Spins added to the remaining Free Spins in the Free Spin counter. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Win Freezing Feature Win Freezing Feature rules: If a winning combination occurs, or 3 or more Free Spin Scatter symbols are received the Win Freezing Feature is triggered. All symbols and Free Spin Scatter symbols involved in the winning combination are held and a bonus spin starts with the chance to extend existing winning combinations or to generate additional winning combinations. Bonus Spins are executed as long as additional wins are generated. At the end of the Bonus Spins all existing wins are paid out on a payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Gamble Game After every win, the player can start the Gamble Game by hitting the gamble button. Gamble Game rules: You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. The player has to choose one of the tea cups. Choose the correct tea cup (if a tea bag is pulled out) and your wins are doubled. Choose the wrong tea cup (a fishbone is in the cup) and all winnings from this round are lost. After the Free Spins, the Gamble Game is available as well. The Gamble Game feature is not activated, if your win exceeds the Gamble Game activation limit. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Playing the game Place a bet and play The game can be played with either credits (default selection) or coins. The win amounts in the paytable will switch accordingly between credits and coins as well. Change from credits to coins. How? Tab Menu . Activate the Coins Mode to convert your account balance to coins. Deactivate the Coins Mode again to convert back your account balance to credits. Select your bet amount. How? Click Stake (+) or (-) to select bet size per payline you want to bet. The selected bet size multiplied by 25 fixed paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. Click Maxbet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. Click Spin If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap the AutoPlay button. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap the AutoPlay stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/23/2020