Mining Fever General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on ways. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. All 243 ways are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. The selected bet size multiplied by 20 equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. All payout tables display the credits that are won for each combination. At least 3 matching symbols on a single way trigger a winning combination. 3 different Scatter Symbols results in exactly 8 Free Spins and trigger the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE. The game is played with credits. The win amounts in the paytable will be displayed in credits as well. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. If you have a winning combination on a way, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular Symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination on permanently enabled ways except the Wild Symbol and the Scatter Symbols. Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on a way. Regular winning combinations pay out, if one of the winning symbols appears in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels, starting from leftmost reel to the right. All wins are calculated per way with your selected bet (and not with the total bet). The longest valid combination per way will be paid. Regular Wild Symbol This is the Regular Wild Symbol. Regular Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol creates its own winning combination when 5 symbols appear on an enabled way without a Regular Symbol. This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game. This symbol does not substitute for the Scatter Symbols. Fixed Wild Symbol - BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB This is the Fixed Wild Symbol. Fixed Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB appears at a random position on reels 2-4. In the 1st Bonus Spin BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB acts as a fixed Wild. During the 2nd Bonus Spin the bomb explodes and 3-4 Regular Wild Symbols are randomly distributed over the display. This symbol only appears in the initial spin of the BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB FEATURE. This symbol does not substitute for the Scatter Symbols. Wild Symbols - DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN These are the Wild Symbols. Wild Symbols rules: These symbols substitute for other symbols to complete wins. The 3 dwarves drive in their DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN across the display and leave a trail of Wild Symbols. The DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN starts on reel 1. It consists out of 3 wagons of which 13 can be visible on the display. With each spin the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN moves 1 field to the right and vertically in a random direction. Every wagon acts as a Wild Symbol. These symbols act like a Regular Wild Symbol during the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE, they only differ in the visual representation. These symbols do not substitute for the Scatter Symbols. Scatter Symbols These are the Scatter Symbols. Scatter Symbols rules: These symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. There are 3 different Scatter Symbols, represented by 3 dwarves which have individual mining skills (each represents a special BONUS SPINS FEATURE). When 2 identical Scatter Symbols appear on the display, 1 or 2 Bonus Spins are triggered with the respective BONUS SPINS FEATURE corresponding to the dwarv which appears. When all 3 different Scatter Symbols appear simultaneously on the display, 8 Free Spins are triggered. A maximum of 3 Scatter Symbols can occur simultaneously on the display. It is not possible to win Bonus Spins or Free Spins again during Bonus Spins or Free Spins. The Scatter Symbols only appear in the initial spin of the main game. DRILER'S DWARVEN DRILL FEATURE DRILER'S DWARVEN DRILL FEATURE rules: 1 Bonus Spin is awarded. During the Bonus Spin one reel (1-3) is selected as a gold vein. Wild Symbols are placed on the complete reel. BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB FEATURE BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB FEATURE rules: BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB appears at a random position on reels 2-4. 2 Bonus Spins are awarded. In the 1st Bonus Spin BOMBUR'S DWARVEN BOMB acts as a fixed Wild. During the 2nd Bonus Spin the bomb explodes and 3-4 Wild Symbols are randomly distributed over the display. THUNDAR'S DWARVEN HAMMER FEATURE THUNDAR'S DWARVEN HAMMER FEATURE rules: 1 Bonus Spin is awarded. In the Bonus Spin 2 adjacent reels (either 1-2 or 2-3) will be selected and filled completely with identical symbols of a randomly selected type. DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE 3 different Scatter Symbols on the display will win Free Spins and trigger the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE. DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE rules: You are awarded 8 Free Spins. The 3 dwarves drive in their DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN across the display and leave a trail of Wild Symbols. The DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN starts on reel 1. It consists out of 3 wagons of which 13 can be visible on the display. With each spin the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN moves 1 field to the right and vertically in a random direction. Every wagon acts as a Wild Symbol. After leaving the display on the right, it appears again on the 1st reel one spin later and continues it's way on the display till Free Spins are finished. All the bets and ways played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE. During the DWARVEN GOLD TRAIN FEATURE no additional Free Spins can be won. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.13%. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. CREDITS Displays your available money per spin. TOTAL BET Displays your total bet amount per spin. LINES Displays the amount played lines per spin. WAYS Displays the amount of played ways per spin. MULTIPLIER Displays the value used to calculate the total bet. WIN Displays your most recent wins. Item Description Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin (activatable inside the game settings). Skip button Skips events to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options (further information can be found in the AutoPlay rules). AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays different game settings and the game payout table. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay rules AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. You can choose the number of spins you want to play, by activating the AutoPlay button. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. The AutoPlay Stop button stops AutoPlay at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue AutoPlay until the stop button has been activated. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another Bonus Feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using showing this dialog your saved settings or the default settings. AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Change my bet amount Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options MAX BET Places the maximum bet permitted. BET Places the bet size you want to bet. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.