Mermaids Millions General In this game all 15 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 5 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the bonus symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Treasure spins Pick and win random bonus amounts! Activates when three or more bonus symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one symbol on the first slot reel. The number of objects you can pick depends on the number of symbols that activated the bonus. You win the total of all the win amounts revealed. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 10 free spins. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 10 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. All wins are multiplied by 3. This multiplier does not apply to Treasure bonus wins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings. Tap quick spin Off. To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Slide right to Settings. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/23/2020