Miami Glow About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game is played with credits only. Additional Information Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The Casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. Game Terminology BIG WIN = BIG WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN FREE SPIN = FREE SPIN GLOW = GLOW LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN MIAMI GLOW = MIAMI GLOW RESPIN = RESPIN SPIN = SPIN STICKY WILD = STICKY WILD WILD = WILD Glow Bonus Feature The Glow Bonus feature consists of one Free Spin with stacked Wild symbols. • The Glow Bonus is triggered by 3 Glow Symbols The Glow symbol lands on reels 1, 3, and 5. The spin within the Glow Bonus feature will be called a Free Spin. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spin is free to the player. This feature can trigger in base game only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Sticky Wild Feature The Sticky Wild feature is triggered when at least one Sticky Wild symbol lands on the reels. The Sticky Wild symbol can land on any reel. Spins within the Sticky Wild feature will be called Respins. The Sticky Wild feature awards 1 Respin when triggered. The Respins spin the reel again with the Sticky Wild symbols sticking to their positions on the reels. The Respins continue until no more Sticky Wild symbols land on the reels. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Respins are free to the player. This feature can trigger in base game only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier feature draws a random multiplier of either 1 , 2, 3, 5 or 10. All drawn Multipliers larger than 1 will light up the corresponding Multiplier symbol in the game. On and only on, commencing each game round, the Multiplier feature is triggered. The drawn Multiplier is multiplied with each spin win. The drawn Multiplier affects all wins in the game round, including wins from other triggered features. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The Wild and the Sticky Wild symbol replace all other symbols in the game except the Glow symbol. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.09% Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Shows additional buttons: Settings button, Quickspin button and Home button. Settings button: Displays the Game Settings. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Home button: Exits the game. Balance: Displays the Casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Use "Stop if balance decreases by" to limit the number of Autoplay game rounds by controlling the loss limit. Use "Stop if single win exceeds" to limit the number of Autoplay game rounds by a single round win limit. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Effects: Enables game sound effects. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. The maximum win from a single game is £155,400. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.20 Max Bet : €40 Last modification date: 10/14/2020