Mega Moolah About Mega Moolah Mega Moolah is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and one hundred and twenty-five coin slot machine, with: A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A progressive jackpot. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded fifteen free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. All wild, multiplier symbol wins are also tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot Bonus Game Payouts You can win one of four guaranteed progressive jackpots in the randomly activated Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game. The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. When the progressive jackpot is won, all Players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets to a fixed minimum value. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. Game Rules General Rules You can bet up to five coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Lion symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Monkey symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Monkey symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Monkey symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded fifteen free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. All wild, multiplier symbol wins are also tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game cannot be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot Bonus Game Rules You can win one of four guaranteed progressive jackpots in the randomly activated Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game. The Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments and labelled with animal footprint symbols. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. If you activate the Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game and the Free Spins bonus game, the Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game activates first. Then the Free Spins bonus game activates. Both bonus game wins are then added to your winnings. Progressive games are only available to Real Players. When the progressive jackpot is won, all Players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets to a fixed minimum value. All progressive winnings are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the Progressive value displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. The progressive jackpot value on the server is used when the progressive jackpot is paid out. To view the current maximum progressive jackpot payout, or to see a list of recent winners, visit the official website: www.JackpotMadness.com. The progressive jackpot payout value is reviewed and increased periodically. The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. All payouts are in coins. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Lion symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol The Monkey symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Monkey symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded fifteen free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. All wild, multiplier symbol wins are also tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Monkey symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot Bonus Game You can win one of four guaranteed progressive jackpots in the randomly activated Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game. The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. To view the current maximum progressive jackpot payout, or to see a list of recent winners, visit the official website: www.JackpotMadness.com . In this game: The Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments and labelled with animal footprint symbols. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. If you activate the Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game and the Free Spins bonus game, the Mega Moolah Progressive Jackpot bonus game activates first. Then the Free Spins bonus game activates. Both bonus game wins are then added to your winnings. To play the bonus game: Click Spin . The wheel starts to spin. When the wheel stops, the arrow points to a segment on the wheel. Your progressive jackpot win displays on the wheel. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select the number of paylines you want to play. Click a line number to select the number of paylines you want to bet. To increase the number of paylines you want to bet, click Select Lines. Place a bet. Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Select Coins. To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max. The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin. The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020