North Storm About NORTH STORM™ NORTH STORM™ is a 5-reel, 25 fixed paylines Video Slot that features a BONUS FALLS FEATURE, a FREE SPINS FEATURE and an INCREASING MULTIPLIER FEATURE. Regular Symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination on permanently enabled paylines except the Wild Symbol and the Free Spins Symbol. Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on a Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so 1 symbol must be displayed on the 1st slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th slot reel does not pay All wins are calculated per payline with your selected stake (and not with the total bet). The longest valid combination per payline will be Wild Symbol This is the Wild Symbol. Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete This symbol creates its own winning combination when 5 symbols appear on an enabled This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game and the FREE SPINS This symbol does not substitute for the Free Spins Free Spins Symbol This is the Free Spins Symbol. Free Spins Symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Activates the FREE SPINS FEATURE when 3 Free Spins Symbols appear on a payline, next to each other, on slot reels 1-3. The first time 3 Free Spins Symbols appear on 1 payline during the Initial Fall or a Bonus Fall 8 Free Spins will be For any additional payline with 3 Free Spins Symbols during this or a following Bonus Fall additional 2 Free Spins are awarded to a maximum of 20 Free Free Spins Symbols only appear on reel 1, 2 or During Free Spins no additional Free Spins can be Bonus Falls Feature Bonus Falls Feature rules: Any winning combination on the reels will trigger an additional Bonus All symbols contributing to the winning combinations The remaining symbols will then fall down to close any potential gaps Now the Bonus Fall begins and new symbols fall down to complete the As long as at least one winning combination is reached the above process will repeat itself, resulting in an additional Bonus Increasing Multiplier Feature Increasing Multiplier Feature rules: With each Bonus Fall, the multiplier level will be The winning amount of the current spin will be multiplied by the current multiplier and paid to the This does not affect the number of Free Spins During the Initial Fall all wins will be multiplied by 1. During Free Spins all wins will be multiplied by During the 1st Bonus Fall all wins will be multiplied by 2. During Free Spins all wins will be multiplied by During the 2nd Bonus Fall all wins will be multiplied by 3. During Free Spins all wins will be multiplied by During the 3rd (and following) Bonus Fall all wins will be multiplied by 4. During Free Spins all wins will be multiplied by Free Spins Feature 3 Free Spins Symbols which are next to each other on a payline will win Free Spins and trigger the FREE SPINS FEATURE. The FREE SPINS FEATURE evaluation starts after active Bonus Falls are finished. Free Spins Feature rules: You are awarded 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 or 20 Free Spins. All the bets and paylines played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the FREE SPINS During the FREE SPINS FEATURE no additional Free Spins can be Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. All 25 fixed paylines are permanently enabled in the regular slot All payout tables display the credits that are won for each At least 3 matching symbols on a single payline trigger a winning 3 Free Spins Symbols which are next to each other on a playline will win 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 or 20 Free Spins and trigger the FREE SPINS The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size What do you want to do? Place a bet and play The game is played with credits. The win amounts in the paytable will be displayed in credits as well. Select your bet amount. How? Click Stake (<) or (>) to select the bet size you want to The selected bet size multiplied by 25 fixed paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game Click Max bet to bet the maximum bet size Click Spin. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue AutoPlay until you click the stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another Bonus Feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Play an AutoPlay session Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet Click the AutoPlay Click the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, click the AutoPlay stop button. This does not influence the results of the In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. View the game payouts The game paytables display all payout amounts for the game. Click the i icon on the lower right Click the next and previous buttons to browse the Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.13%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.