Our Days About Our Days Our Days is a five reel, 243 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Re-Spin feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet per spin is dependent on the bet size multiplied by the bet value. The bet size is the coin size multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin and is multiplied by the coin size. For example, a 0.01 coin size x 30 bet multiplier = 0.3 bet size. The bet value is the number of coins bet per spin. Your total bet per spin is the bet size multiplied by the bet value. For example, 0.3 bet size selected x 5 bet value selected = 1.5 total bet per spin. All payout tables display the total win for each combination. Only one winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the bet value you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol only appears on reels 2, 4 and 5. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. This symbol does not create its own win. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the payout table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Re-Spin feature Any win activates this feature. The reels of the winning symbols are held in place. The remaining reels will spin again. This feature continues until no winning combination is formed, or you get 5 of a kind symbol combination. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Free Spins bonus game During free spins only high symbols appear. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Re-Spin wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Bet Size Selects the bet size you want to bet. Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet button Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the bet size and the bet value to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Paytable button Displays the game payout tables. Menu button Displays the game settings. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.30%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020