The Phantom of the Opera Mobile General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol or the Letter symbol. This symbol can create a double wild symbol stack. This symbol creates its own winning combination. This symbol does not appear during the All I Ask Of You free spins. Scatter symbol This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol only appears during the regular slot game. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Letter Bonus feature This feature is randomly activated. You are awarded up to a 20x multiplier value on your total bet. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The Letter symbol only appears on reel 5 in the regular slot game. Chandelier Bonus feature This feature is randomly activated. Up to three reels are transformed into wild reels. Bonus Selection feature You can choose one of three bonus games or select Choose For Me to randomly activate a bonus game. Music Of The Night free spins Masquerade bonus All I Ask Of You free spins The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Music Of The Night free spins Random features are awarded during the free spins. You can win: Up to a 4x multiplier value on all wins for the free spin where the multiplier is awarded. Up to 3 reels transformed into a wild reel. Up to 5 reel positions randomly transformed into a wild symbol. Up to 5 additional free spins. Multiple features can be awarded on the same free spin. Free spins cannot be re-activated. The scatter symbol does not appear during free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Masquerade bonus There are three levels in the bonus game. You choose a mask to reveal a random bonus prize. You can win: A random bonus win amount. Additional picks. Level ups to the next level. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. All I Ask Of You free spins The Dancing Wilds™ feature is available during the free spins. The Christine Wild and Raoul Wild symbols move to adjacent reel positions on every free spin. You are awarded a bonus prize depending on their reel positions. You can win: A 3x multiplier value on all wins for the free spin where the multiplier is awarded. Reels that are transformed into a wild reel. A 2x2 wild symbol block. Free spins cannot be re-activated. The scatter symbol does not appear during free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap AutoPlay . Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. To stop AutoPlay, tap Stop . This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020