Pistoleras About Pistoleras Pistoleras is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Saloon bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. The formula to calculate the conversion of coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. The Money Bag Scatter symbol and the Wagon Scatter symbol are scatter symbols. The Money Bag Scatter symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. Only appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. The Wagon Scatter symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game can be re-activated. The Saloon bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Saloon bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. Saloon Bonus Game Payouts You choose objects to try and match symbols. Twelve objects are displayed. Behind each object is one of three girl symbols or a Pistoleras symbol. You choose objects until you find three of the same symbols. The Pistoleras symbol acts as a wild symbol to complete matches. If you match three Pistoleras symbols, you are paid out the combination of all the win amounts displayed for the three girl symbols. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The Saloon bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Game Rules Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Pistoleras symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Triples the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Money Bag Scatter Wagon Scatter The Money Bag Scatter symbol and the Wagon Scatter symbol are scatter symbols. The Money Bag Scatter symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. Only appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. The Wagon Scatter symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three Money Bag Scatter symbols displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5, activate the Saloon bonus game. Three or more Wagon Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Wagon Scatter Red Girl Pink Girl Blue Girl Three or more Wagon Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. The following symbols create a symbol stack: Red Girl symbol Pink Girl symbol Blue Girl symbol All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game can be re-activated. The Saloon bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Saloon bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. The Free Spins bonus game and the Saloon bonus game cannot be activated at the same time. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Saloon Bonus Game Rules Money Bag Scatter Pistoleras Three Money Bag Scatter symbols displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5, activate the Saloon bonus game. You choose objects to try and match symbols. Twelve objects are displayed. Behind each object is one of three girl symbols or a Pistoleras symbol. You choose objects until you find three of the same symbols. The Pistoleras symbol acts as a wild symbol to complete matches. If you match three Pistoleras symbols, you are paid out the combination of all the win amounts displayed for the three girl symbols. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The Saloon bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game and the Saloon bonus game cannot be activated at the same time. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to 10 coins per payline. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Pistoleras symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Triples the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. The Wild Joker symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Money Bag Scatter Wagon Scatter The Money Bag Scatter symbol and the Wagon Scatter symbol are scatter symbols. The Money Bag Scatter symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. Only appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Activates the Saloon bonus game when three appear on reels 3, 4 and 5. The Wagon Scatter symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Wagon Scatter Red Girl Pink Girl Blue Girl Three or more Wagon Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. The following symbols create a symbol stack: Red Girl symbol Pink Girl symbol Blue Girl symbol All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game can be re-activated. So, if three or more Wagon Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The number of symbols that re-activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Saloon bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Saloon bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. The Free Spins bonus game and the Saloon bonus game cannot be activated at the same time. Saloon Bonus Game Money Bag Scatter Pistoleras Three Money Bag Scatter symbols displayed on reels 3, 4 and 5, activate the Saloon bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to try and match symbols. Twelve objects are displayed. Behind each object is one of three girl symbols or a Pistoleras symbol. You choose objects until you find three of the same symbols. The Pistoleras symbol acts as a wild symbol to complete matches. If you match three Pistoleras symbols, you are paid out the combination of all the win amounts displayed for the three girl symbols. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The Saloon bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game and the Saloon bonus game cannot be activated at the same time. Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild, multiplier symbol. A winning combination completed in the Free Spins bonus game. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select the coin size you want to bet. How? Click the Bet box. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum coin size permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet and the number of paylines enabled to the maximum bet permitted. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Game Wins and Balances You can view your win history and Casino balances in the game. Your wins are displayed in the Win box, and your current Casino balance is displayed in the Balance box. What do you want to do? View my win history You can view your most recent win and your top 5 wins. Click the Win box. Click the Recent tab to view your recent wins. Click the Top 5 tab to view your Top 5 wins. View my balance amounts Your Casino balance is displayed in both coins and credits. Click the Balance box. Click the Summary tab. View my bet and win amounts in coins or credits You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. Click the Balance box. Click the Options tab. Select your betting and payout mode. Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins and Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins and credits. All bets are displayed in credits. All payouts are displayed in coins and credits. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020