Playboy Playboy Game Payouts Game Rules Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Playboy Club bonus game Paytable Achievements Playing the game AutoPlay, Options and Statistics About Playboy Playboy is a five reel and one hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Playboy Club bonus game. A Paytable Achievements feature. [top] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Example Game A has the following criteria: For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. Your total payout in coins is 1 000 coins + 150 coins = 1 150 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 150 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 230 credits. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Example Game A has the following criteria: Two or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As scatter wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 600 coins for the scatter win + 1 000 coins for the regular win = 1 600 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 600 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 320 credits. Playboy Club Bonus Game Payouts You can play one of four bonus games. Each time you activate the bonus game it is logged on the tracking bar. After five sequential activations a bonus game is unlocked. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Kimi Bonus Game This bonus game is always unlocked. You are awarded ten free spins. All regular wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 600 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 4 350 coins. And your total payout in credits is 4 350 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 870 credits. Sofia Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game five times. You are awarded fifteen free spins. This game has a Running Wilds™ feature: The Playboy Logo symbol creates a wild symbol stack. For every free spin, the wild symbol stack grows by one additional symbol per reel. The bonus game cannnot be re-activated during the free soins Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or are Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations and doubles the payout. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. For every free spin, the wild symbol stack grows by one additional symbol The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, three symbols on reel 1, 4 and 5 are transformed into Wild Joker symbols. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. And a Wild Joker symbol is displayed on reel 5. This completes a 5 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. The Wild Joker is also a multiplier symbol, so the payout is doubled. This means your payout is 100 coins x 2 = 200 coins. So, your payout in coins is 200 coins x 10 coins = 2 000 coins. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins = 800 coins. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 800 coins for the second free spin = 2 800 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 600 coins for the scatter win + 2 800 coins for the bonus game win = 3 550 coins. And your total payout in credits is 3 550 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 710 credits. Ashley Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game ten times. You are awarded twenty free spins. This game has a Rolling Reels™ feature: Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 1, up to a 5x value. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. When you have a winning combination, you are paid your win. The winning symbols disappear. The symbols above shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. As you have a winning combination, the winning symbols explode and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. Three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 50 coins x 10 coins = 500 coins. You are awarded a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 500 coins x 2 = 1 000 coins. As you have a winning combination, the winning symbols explode and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. No winning combination is displayed. So, your payout for the first free spin is 1 000 coins +1 000 coins = 2 000 coins. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins = 800 coins. As you have a winning combination, the winning symbols explode and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. No winning combination is displayed. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 800 coins for the second free spin = 2 800 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 600 coins for the scatter win + 2 800 coins for the bonus game win = 3 550 coins. And your total payout in credits is 3 550 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 710 credits. Jillian Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you have activated the Playboy Club bonus game fifteen times. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. This game has a Wild Night feature: The Wild Night feature is randomly activated. Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. The wild, multiplier symbol does not substitute for symbols during the Wild Night feature. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Up to five reels are transformed into wild reels. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Reels 3 and 4 are transformed into wild reels. Two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2. They complete a Cherry symbol combination. As reel 3 and 4 are wild, this completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your total payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 000 coins x 0.20 coin size = 200 credits. [top] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. 2. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. 3. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. 4. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules 1. The Playboy Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. 2. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. 3. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 4. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. These payouts are not multiplied. 5. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. 6. Does not substitute for symbols during the Wild Night feature in the Playboy Club bonus games. 7. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules 1. The Magazines symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. 2. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. 3. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 4. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. 5. Three or more Magazines symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Playboy Club bonus game. Playboy Club Bonus Game Rules 1. Three or more Magazines symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Playboy Club bonus game. 2. You can play one of four bonus games. 3. Each time you activate the bonus game it is logged on the tracking bar. 4. After five sequential activations a bonus game is unlocked. The Kimi bonus game is always unlocked. The Sofia bonus game is unlocked after five activations. The Ashley bonus game is unlocked after ten activations. The Jillian bonus game is unlocked after fifteen activations. 5. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. 6. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 7. You achieve Platinum status when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game twenty times. 8. The bonus games are: Kimi Bonus Game This bonus game is always unlocked. You are awarded ten free spins. All regular wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Sofia Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game five times. You are awarded fifteen free spins. This game has a Running Wilds™ feature. The Playboy Logo symbol creates a wild symbol stack. For every free spin, the wild symbol stack grows by one additional symbol per reel. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Ashley Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game ten times. You are awarded twenty free spins. This game has a Rolling Reels™ feature: Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. This processbrepeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 1, up to a 5x value. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Jillian Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you have activated the Playboy Club bonus game fifteen times. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. This game has a Wild Night feature: The Wild Night feature is randomly activated. Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. The wild, multiplier symbol does not substitute for symbols during the Wild Night feature. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 9. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 10. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules 1. All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. 2. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. 3. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. 4. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. 5. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. 6. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. 7. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. 8. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. 9. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. 10. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 11. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 12. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. 13. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] Wild, multiplier symbol The Playboy Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Does not substitute for symbols during the Wild Night feature in the Playboy Club bonus games. [top] Scatter symbol The Magazines symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Playboy Club bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. [top] Playboy Club bonus game Three or more Magazines symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Playboy Club bonus game. In this game: You can play one of four bonus games. Each time you activate the bonus game it is logged on the tracking bar. After five sequential activations a bonus game is unlocked. The Kimi bonus game is always unlocked. The Sofia bonus game is unlocked after five activations. The Ashley bonus game is unlocked after ten activations. The Jillian bonus game is unlocked after fifteen activations. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. You achieve Platinum status when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game twenty times. The bonus games are: Kimi Bonus Game This bonus game is always unlocked. You are awarded ten free spins. All regular wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Magazines symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Sofia Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game five times. You are awarded fifteen free spins. This game has a Running Wilds™ feature: The Playboy Logo symbol creates a wild symbol stack. For every free spin, the wild symbol stack grows by one additional symbol per reel. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Ashley Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Playboy Club bonus game ten times. You are awarded twenty free spins. This game has a Rolling Reels™ feature: Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 1, up to a 5x value. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Jillian Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you have activated the Playboy Club bonus game fifteen times. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. This game has a Wild Night feature: The Wild Night feature is randomly activated. Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. The wild, multiplier symbol does not substitute for symbols during the Wild Night feature. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. To play the bonus game: 1. Choose a bonus game. The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. 2. The free spins are complete. Your total bonus win amount is counted in the bonus Win box. 3. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. [top] Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all three combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted in platinum on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild, multiplier symbol. Playboy Club bonus game wins. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session.