Playboy Gold General Rules The base bet is 50 coins for 100 lines. One coin per pair of lines. You can bet up to 10 coins per pair of lines. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Jumbo Blocks The 4 center reels spin together. The 4 center reels contain Jumbo Blocks , which are large high symbols that horizontally span the 4 center reels. A Jumbo Block landing full during a base spin triggers one of three special features: a multiplier, a bonus credit prize, or respins. Wild Symbol Rules The Playboy Logo is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. The Wild symbol only appears during free spins and respins on reels 1 and 6. Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Wheel symbol is a Scatter symbol. Winning scatter combinations are awarded when three Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Three Scatter symbols scattered on the reels activate the Wheel Bonus Game. Wheel Bonus Rules Three Scatter symbols activate the Wheel Bonus . The Wheel Bonus is a single spin game. Collect a Cash Prize , Match Bonus Game or Free Spins . Free Spins Rules Free Spins are activated from the Wheel Bonus . You are awarded 10 free spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins . Free spins cannot be re-triggered. Match Bonus Game Rules The Match Bonus is activated from the Wheel Bonus . Select cards to reveal Playmates, continue selecting cards until a matching pair of Playmates is formed. Auto Pick randomly selects cards for the player without the player interacting with the game. Can be stopped at any time. Each pair of Playmates has an associated prize amount. The prize amounts displayed are based on your total bet. After the second selection, the prize amounts increase with each selection. The Match Bonus ends when the first matching pair is formed. The pair formed determines the prize amount won. A matching pair on the second selection awards the sum of all the prize amounts. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Triggering Scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. Wheel wins are calculated by multiplying the value landed by the total bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000