Pretty Kitty About Pretty Kitty Pretty Kitty is a five reel, 243 ways and 150 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Expanding Symbol feature Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The bonus game can be re-activated during the free spins. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. The Expanding Symbol feature is available during the free spins. Expanding Symbol feature A full symbol stack on reel 1 results in all matching symbols on reels 2 to 5 to expand. Matching symbols only expand if they complete a winning combination. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet box Displays your bet options. Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Balance Box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins and your top 5 wins. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics.