Playboy Gold Jackpots Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules The base bet is 5 coins for 30 You can bet up to 6 coins per Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Jumbo Blocks The 3 center reels may contain Jumbo Blocks, which are large symbols that horizontally span the 3 center A full Jumbo Block spans Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Symbols are The Wild Symbols substitute for all other symbols except Wheel Jumbo Block. The Wild Symbols multiply when Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination Wheel Jumbo Block Rules The Wheel Jumbo Block is a bonus Wheel Jumbo Block symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbols. The Wheel Bonus is triggered by a full wheel Jumbo Block. A partially visible Wheel Jumbo Block may nudge into full view in the Base Game. Wheel Bonus Rules The Wheel Bonus is triggered by a full Wheel Jumbo Block. The Wheel Bonus is a single spin Collect a Jackpot or Free Spins. All bets played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that triggered the Wheel Bonus. Jackpot Rules The Wheel Bonus may award 1 of 4 jackpots. 20x Bet 100x Bet 500x Bet 2500x Bet Free Spins Rules Free Spins is activated from the Wheel Bonus. You are awarded 10 initial free A full Jumbo Block appears on every The Wheel Bonus can be triggered in Free Spins. 15, 20 or 25 additional free spins can be awarded through the Wheel Bonus. All bets played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines Jackpot wins are calculated by multiplying the prize by the total Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. Bet staked per line can be calculated by dividing the total bet in credits by the number of lines played. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Jackpot Payouts Jackpots may be awarded by the Wheel Bonus. Jackpot wins are calculated by multiplying the prize by the total bet. All bets played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that triggered the Wheel Bonus. Free Spins Payouts The Wheel Bonus may award 10 initial free spins. The Wheel Bonus can be triggered in Free Spins. 15, 20 or 25 additional free spins can be awarded through the Wheel Bonus. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Bet icon. 3. Select the value you want from the visible options. 4. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 5. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Select the value you want from the visible options. 3. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the value you want from the visible options. 3. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. You can also tap the reels to spin (mobile only). If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.08%. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the Triggering the Free Spin Feature will stop Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Settings icon. Mobile 1. Open the Menu by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and Background Music controls background Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/23/2020