Pollen Party Mobile Pollen Party is a five reel, 720 ways and 500 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbols Scatter symbols Free Spins bonus game Babee bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 720 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 50 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 50 bet multiplier = 250 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbols These symbols substitute for other symbols to complete wins. These symbols do not substitute for the scatter symbol. These symbols do not substitute for the Babee symbol. These symbols only appear during the free spins. These symbols combine with the Pollen Party symbol to create winning combinations. You are paid out for the highest value payout. Scatter symbols These symbols do not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. These symbols cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. These symbols do not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Babee bonus game You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount or Pop symbol. The game ends when the Pop symbol is chosen. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements.  Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Depending on your game: Click Coins to convert to credits. Click Credits to convert to coins. Or: Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. You can change your total bet amount. Depending on your game: Click Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Or: Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. Spin button Starts the game. Item Description Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. button Displays the game settings. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. ≡ button Displays the game settings and game payout table. Settings Coins or Credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Click Coins to convert to coins. Click Credits to convert to credits. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. Show balance Click On to hide the Balance box. Click Off to show the Balance box. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. button or Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. X button Closes the game. Last modification date: 3/1/2017