Queen of the Crystal Rays About Queen of the Crystal Rays™ Queen of the Crystal Rays™ is a six reel 25 line ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ slot machine including: Regular Symbols Wild Symbol 2X Wild Multiplier Symbol Prism Symbol Scatter Symbol Crystal Ray Feature Queen of the Crystal Rays™ Bonus Game Rules General 25 paylines are permanently active, 25 additional paylines are activated in the Crystal Ray Feature. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, 0.40 credits bet per spin = 0.40 / 0.20 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. ANY ADJACENT PAYS™: 3 or more matching symbols on an active payline, on adjacent reels, represent a winning combination. Only the highest regular winning combination is paid per line. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an active payline. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Wild Symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. 2X Wild Multiplier Symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Each 2x wild multiplier symbol included in a winning payline combination multiplies the win by 2. Prism Symbol These are prism symbols and do not pay. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. Crystal Ray Feature The Crystal Ray Feature can trigger randomly on any spin. During this feature, the gameboard expands and 25 additional paylines are activated. 1 to 4 rays are activated. Each active ray populates wilds on the gameboard along a path. Prism symbols on the gameboard deflect the paths of active rays. 2x wild multiplier symbols also deflect the paths of active rays, and upgrade the wild population to 2x wild multiplier symbol population. Wilds and/or 2x wild multiplier symbols are populated until the ray path reaches the edge of the gameboard. The feature completes when all of the wild or 2x wild multiplier symbol populations have occurred. Queen of the Crystal Rays™ Bonus 3 or more scatters trigger the Queen of the Crystal Rays™ Bonus. The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonustriggering spin. 4 bonus rounds are awarded. Credit awards and prism symbols populate a 6x8 gameboard. Credit awards are multiplied by the bonus bet multiplier. 1 to 4 rays are activated each round. Any credit values along an active ray's path are awarded. Prism symbols on the gameboard deflect the paths of active rays. Credit values may be multiplied by 2 in Round 2, by 3 in Round 3, or by 5 in Round 4. The bonus cannot be retriggered. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. The Queen of the Crystal Rays™ Bonus is complete once the credits from the final ray are collected. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. Symbol combinations must include at least one non-wild symbol to be logged as achievements. Bonus spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. Settings Toggle sounds and left-hand console mode (these options may not be available). Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. Tutorial Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Responsible Gaming Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Tell me more about AutoPlay QuickSpin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases by more than the amount selected. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.7%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020