Romanov Riches Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the Online Video Slot are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. A winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Bonus Feature Payouts All bets played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that triggered the Bonus Feature. Prize amounts are calculated as follows: 1 Wheel Bonus Prize = (Wheel 1 result) x (Total Bet). 2 Wheel Bonus Prize = (Wheel 1 result + Wheel 2 result) x (Total Bet). 3 Wheel Bonus Prize = (Wheel 1 result + Wheel 2 result) x (Wheel 3 result) x (Total Bet). Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules The base bet is 20 coins for 15 lines. Total bet is 20 multiplied by coins bet. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Mystery Stacks Rules Each reel has a stack of Mystery Symbols. A single game symbol will replace the stack of Mystery Symbols on each reel. For each regular spin, Mystery Symbol replacements are defined per reel by a randomly selected pattern. All replacement patterns have the same symbol replacing Mystery Symbols on reels 1 and 2. Replacement patterns may have a different symbol replacing the Mystery Symbols on reels 3, 4, or 5. Bonus symbols can replace Mystery Symbols. Re-spin Feature Rules Matching full symbol stacks can trigger the Re-spin feature. Matching full symbol stacks must land on 2 to 4 reels. Full symbol stacks must be adjacent and start with the leftmost reel. During the feature, the triggering stacks are locked and the remaining reels re-spin. On each re-spin, mystery stacks change to match the symbols in the triggering stacks. Landing additional adjacent matching full stacks retriggers a re-spin. A re-spin will not trigger if 5 matching full stacks land. Line wins are awarded after the triggering spin and after every re-spin. Bonus Feature Rules Full stacks of Bonus symbols can trigger the Bonus feature. Full Bonus stacks must be adjacent and start with the leftmost reel. 3, 4, or 5 Bonus stacks trigger 1, 2, or 3 Bonus Wheels respectively 3 Stacks Trigger Wheel 1. 4 Stacks Trigger Wheels 1 and 2. 5 Stacks Trigger Wheels 1, 2 and 3. Wheel 1 Awards a cash prize. Wheel 2 Awards a cash prize. Wheel 3 Awards a multiplier applied to the results of Wheel 1 and 2. Bonus prizes are multiplied by total bet staked. Wild Symbol Rules Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol. Betting and Payout Rules All lines are played. All line wins pay from leftmost reel to the right. Only highest win pays per line. All line wins are multiplied by coins bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All pay tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. Wheel wins are calculated by multiplying the value landed by the total bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Click the Bet area. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per line. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. Click the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note : Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON . Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. Click the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Settings option. Tap Game Settings . Under Graphics Settings , tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. Note : Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. Click the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Settings option. Tap Game Settings . Under Game Settings , tap on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Under Game Settings , tap on Show Tutorial At Startup to enable or disable the tutorial. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.08%. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Statistics icon. Tap the Stats icon. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. View Game Wins View your Recent and Top 5 wins. Recent Wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the Recent Wins reset. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Wins button. View your Game Wins. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Statistics icon. Tap the Wins icon. View your Game Wins. Wins Recent Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. Top 5 Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020