Reel Talent About Reel Talent Welcome to Reel Talent, a Video Slot featuring SYMBOL STORAGE, RE-SPIN and SUPERSPIN. Game Rules General Reel Talent is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 20 lines. Win on a line pays if 3 or more of the same symbol appear in succession, from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols only exist on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game and during Re-spin. SYMBOL STORAGE When a win is awarded on one or more lines, the winning symbol for each line will be added to the Symbol Storage. There is a maximum of 3 positions in the Symbol Storage. When 3 symbols have been added to the storage, a Superspin is awarded. If the storage capacity is exceeded when winning, the symbol(s) added will be based on the best possible combination for the Superspin. Wild symbols cannot be collected. A symbol in the Symbol Storage cannot be removed during Re-spins. If there are still empty positions in the Symbol Storage after a win, the player is awarded a Re-spin. The Re-spin ends when there are no empty positions in the Symbol Storage or no additional win is awarded. Wins during Re-spin are added to the total win. The Symbol Storage will reset when a new spin is made. RE-SPIN If there are still empty positions in the Symbol Storage after a win, the player is awarded a Re-spin. The Re-spin ends when there are no empty positions in the Symbol Storage or no additional win is awarded. Wins during Re-spin are added to the total win. The Symbol Storage will reset when a new spin is made. SUPERSPIN During the Superspin, only the symbol types collected in the Symbol Storage are present on the reels. Different visual stages in the Superspin are presented based on the symbols that were collected during the Re-spins: Three different symbol types will display Stage 1, two symbols of the same type and any other symbol will display Stage 2 and three symbols of the same type will display Stage 3. Stage 3 features a guaranteed win. No Re-spins are awarded after the Superspin is complete. Wins during Superspin are added to the total win. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation REEL TALENT REEL TALENT RE-SPIN RE-SPIN SYMBOL STORAGE SYMBOL STORAGE SUPERSPIN SUPERSPIN BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN SHOWTIME SHOWTIME BIG STAGE BIG STAGE SOLO PERFORMANCE SOLO PERFORMANCE Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020