Rabbit in the Hat Untitled Document About Rabbit In The Hat Rabbit In The Hat is a five reel, nine payline, and ninety coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Magic Hats feature Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Magic Hats feature One wild symbol displayed on the same reel as a magic hat symbol activates the Magic Hats feature. The magic hats are displayed at the top of the reels starting from reel 5. If the magic hat is not activated, it jumps to the next reel on the left. If the magic hat is not activated after it reaches reel 1, it jumps off the reels and disappears. Hat positions are stored according to the bet amount you choose. If you are awarded a hat on a certain bet and you change your bet amount, the hat is removed. If you change your bet back to the original bet amount the hat was awarded on, the hat re-appears in the last awarded position. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus feature are the same as the spin that activated the bonus feature. When a hat is activated, you are awarded a bonus feature. After the bonus feature is awarded, the magic hat is removed from above the reels. The empty space moves to the next reel on the left. If multiple hats are activated at the same time, the Wild Reel Hat is awarded first, followed by the Cash Hat, and then the Free Spins Hat. Each kind of hat has a different feature. The bonus features are: Wild Reel Hat bonus Free Spins Hat bonus Cash Hat bonus Mystery Hat bonus Wild Reel Hat bonus Activates when the wild symbol is displayed on a reel underneath the Wild Reel Hat symbol. One reel is transformed into a wild reel The transformed wild reel can split and create up to two additional wild reels. The wild reel only splits if the additional wild reel completes a winning combination. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Free Spins Hat bonus Activates when the wild symbol is displayed on a reel underneath the Free Spins Hat symbol. You are awarded up to 50 free spins. If multiple Free Spins Hats are activated on the same spin, each hat awards up to ten free spins. During the free spins, a magic hat is displayed above all five reels. If a magic hat is activated during the free spins, the magic hat is removed and the empty space moves to the next reel on the left. Free spins can be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Cash Hat bonus Activates when the wild symbol is displayed on a reel underneath the Cash Hat symbol. You win a random bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Mystery Hat bonus Activates when the wild symbol is displayed on a reel underneath the Mystery Hat symbol. You are randomly awarded one of the bonus features. Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet button Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Tell me more about AutoPlay AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tell me more about game options Item Description Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. X button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.61%. Last modification date: 10/14/2020