Retro Reels - Diamond Glitz About Retro Reels - Diamond Glitz Retro Reels - Diamond Glitz is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and five hundred coin slot machine, with: A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Respin feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, two or more must appear on the reels.  Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to twenty coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Scatter Symbol Rules The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Respin Feature Rules The Respin feature enables you to respin a reel, while holding the other reels. You can respin a reel at the end of any spin for an additional cost. The cost is calculated in credits. The cost of a respin is calculated separately for each reel. The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Changing the coin size affects the calculation of the respin cost. So, if you change your coin size after a spin, the respin feature is disabled until you spin again. You can respin a reel multiple times. You are only paid out for new winning combinations that are formed as a result of a respin. The Respin feature is not available during free spins. The Respin feature is not available during AutoPlay. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Scatter Symbol The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if two or more Bonus symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. To play the bonus game: The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. The free spins are complete. Your total bonus win amount is counted in the bonus Win box. You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Respin Feature The Respin feature enables you to respin a reel, while holding the other reels. In this feature: You can respin a reel at the end of any spin for an additional cost. The cost is calculated in credits. The cost of a respin is calculated separately for each reel. The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Changing the coin size affects the calculation of the respin cost. So, if you change your coin size after a spin, the respin feature is disabled until you spin again. You can respin a reel multiple times. You are only paid out for new winning combinations that are formed as a result of a respin. The Respin feature is not available during free spins and AutoPlay. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Click Lines to select the number of paylines you want to bet. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/6/2020