Relic Seekers General Your bet is dependent on the bet size and bet value played. The bet size is the coin size. The bet value is the number of coins bet per payline. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol only appears on reels 1, 2 and 3. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Scatter wins activate free spins first. Once you exit free spins, the scatter symbols are removed and the symbols shift position. This feature is available during free spins. During free spins, any symbols with a key activates this feature. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Symbol Turn Wild feature After every second consecutive Rolling Reels™, high symbols can turn into wildsymbols. Symbols can only transform if the corresponding high symbol is displayed on thereels. High 3 transforms on the second consecutive win. High 2 transforms on the fourth consecutive win. High 1 transforms on the sixth consecutive win. During free spins, any symbols with a key contributes to this feature. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Free spins The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins can be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins Collect Keys feature This feature is randomly activated during the free spins. Keys only appear on reel 5. 3 collected keys awards 2 extra free spins. 6 collected keys awards 2 extra free spins and doubles the wins for the remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: 1. Select a bet amount. 2. Tap and hold Spin or tap AutoPlay. In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop. 3. Select your AutoPlay options. 4. Tap Start AutoPlay, Play or Spin. 5. Tap Stop to end AutoPlay. Tapping this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Your total bet per spin is dependent on the bet size multiplied by the bet value. Tap Bet to choose your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. Game controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options The maximum win from a single game is £250,000