Real Roulette with Sarati Real Roulette with Sarati has numbered pockets ranging from 0 to 36 on the roulette wheel. This game is based on the standard European style Roulette, including: Bets Track Special Bets Favourites Game Payouts You can place different regular bet types on the table. These are Inside bets and Outside bets. You can also place neighbour bets. Each bet type has a maximum betting limit. For more information on betting limits, contact the Casino support staff . To calculate your payout, divide the odds. For example 2:1, divide 2 by 1 = 2. Multiply the result by your regular bet + your regular bet = your total win. Inside Bets Bet Name Odds Straight Up bet 35:1 Split bet 17:1 Street bet 11:1 Square bet 8:1 Line bet 5:1 Outside Bets Bet Name Odds Column bet 2:1 Dozen bet 2:1 Even-Money bet 1:1 Inside and Outside Bets You can place different regular bet types on the table. These are Inside bets and Outside bets. Inside Bets Straight Up bet Split bet Street bet Square bet Line bet Outside Bets Column bet Dozen bet Even-Money bet Bets Track Use the bets track to quickly place multiple bets on the roulette table. You can place: Neighbour Bets These are bets placed on the neighbouring numbers of a Straight Up bet. Neighbour bets are allocated as the numbers appear on the roulette wheel and not as they appear on the roulette table. Call Bets These are multiple number bets, grouped together for easy placement on the roulette table. Special Bets Use the special bets feature to quickly place Call bets. These are multiple number bets, grouped together for easy placement on the roulette table. To place special Call bets: Click Favourites . Click Special Bets . Click the bet name to view their bet placements. Click Place . The bets are automatically placed on the roulette table. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Favourites Use the favourites feature to create and easily place your favourite bets on the table. To create a group of your favourite bets: Place your bets on the table. Click Favourites . Click Save Current Bet . To place your favourite bets: Click the favourites you created. Click Place . The bets are automatically placed on the table. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Controls Item Description Bet button Displays the chip sizes available in the game. Select the chip size you want to bet. You can also increase your bet by clicking the chip pile on the table. The chip pile increases by the chip size currently selected. Clear Bets Removes all bets from the table. Undo Cancels your last change to the bets placed on the table. Rebet Places the same number of chips as your previous game. Double Doubles your current bet. Spin Starts the game. button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example, in Settings you have the option to enable Slow Motion mode. This mode displays a slow-motion replay video of your results. This does not influence the results of the spin. Statistics Click Statistics to view information about your last 100 spins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Favourites Use the favourites feature to create and easily place your favourite bets on the table. You can also use the special bets feature to quickly place Call bets. Tell me more about Favourites. Tell me more about Special Bets. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 97.30%. Game version Real Roulette with Sarati v4.0.0.73 Game manufacturer: Derivco (Pty) Ltd The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020