Robyn About Robyn Robyn™ is a five reel slot machine, with: Two hundred and forty-three permanently enabled pay ways. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Target bonus feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. Regular Payouts Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination, with 25 credits bet per spin. All payouts are in credits. The total number of credits paid out for a regular win depends on the coin size calculated from the number of credits you bet. To calculate your coin size, divide your total bet amount by the bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1.25 credits per spin your coin size is calculated as: 1.25 credits bet / 25 bet multiplier = 0.05 coin size. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the number of coins won displayed on the payout table by your coin size. So, if you bet 1.25 credits per spin, your coin size is 0.05. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the payout table. So, your total payout is 10 coin win amount on payout table x 0,05 coin size = 0.50 credits. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. The game payouts summarise the game payout table. Combination Coins Won with Max Credits Bet Multiplier Value 5 Robyn symbols 1,000 40x 4 Robyn symbols 250 10x 3 Robyn symbols 50 2x All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination, with 25 credits bet per spin. All payouts are in credits. The total number of credits paid out for a scatter win depends on the win multiplier value calculated from the number of coins won displayed on the payout table and the 25 credits bet per spin. To calculate the multiplier value, divide the coins won displayed on the payout table by the 25 credits bet per spin. So, if you win a 3 scatter symbols combination the multiplier value is calculated as: 50 coin win amount on payout table / 25 credits bet per spin = 2 multiplier value. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination multiplier value by the total number of credits played. So, if you bet 1.25 credits per spin and win a 3 scatter symbols combination, your total payout amount is 1.25 credits bet x 2 = 2.50 credits. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded twelve free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All two hundred and forty-three possible winning ways are permanently enabled. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Robyn symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination multiplier value by the total number of credits played. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Robyn symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Robyn symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded twelve free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. During the free spins, the Target symbol will be replaced with a Wild symbol when Robyn shoots an arrow at it. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Target Bonus Feature Rules A Target symbol displayed on the reels activates the Target feature. All Target symbols are transformed into a random symbol. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. All wins are paid after the Target symbols transform. During the Free Spins bonus game, the Target symbol is transformed into awild symbol. Betting and Payout Rules All two hundred and forty-three possible winning ways are permanently enabled. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. You can bet up to 25 credits per spin. The number of credits bet determines your coin size. All bet amounts are automatically calculated from the coin size multiplied by a 25 bet multiplier. To calculate your coin size, divide the total bet amount by the bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1.25 credits per spin your coin size is calculated as: 1.25 credits bet / 25 bet multiplier = 0.05 coin size. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination, with 25 credits bet per spin. All payouts are in credits. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the number of coins won displayed on the payout table by your coin size. To calculate your regular payouts, multiply the number of coins won displayed on the payout table by your coin size. So, if you bet 1.25 credits per spin, your coin size is 0.05. You then win a payout displayed as 10 coins on the payout table. So, your total payout is 10 coin win amount on payout table x 0,05 coin size = 0.50 credits. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination multiplier value by the total number of credits played. The scatter multiplier value depends on the number of coins displayed on the payout table for a winning scatter combination and the 25 credits bet per spin. To calculate the multiplier value, divide the coins won displayed on the payout table by the 25 credits bet per spin. So, if you win a 3 scatter symbols combination the multiplier value is calculated as: 50 coin win amount on payout table / 25 credits bet per spin = 2 multiplier value. To calculate your scatter payouts, multiply the scatter win multiplier value by your total number of credits played. So, if you bet 1.25 credits per spin and win a 3 scatter symbols combination, your total payout amount is 1.25 credits bet x 2 = 2.50 credits. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Scatter Symbol The Robyn symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination multiplier value by the total number of credits played. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Robyn symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded twelve free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Target feature is available during the free spins. The Target symbol is transformed into a wild symbol. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Robyn symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Target Feature A Target symbol displayed on the reels activates the Target feature. In this feature: All Target symbols are transformed into a random symbol. All wins are paid after the Target symbols transform. During the Free Spins bonus game, the Target symbol is transformed into a wild symbol. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Bet (+) or (-) to select the amount you want to bet. To bet the maximum number of credits permitted, click Max . The number of credits bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020