Reel Spinner General In this game all 15 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 15 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins depend on your bet per payline. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Does not appear during the free spins. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You choose an object to reveal a random number of free spins. You spin a reel to reveal a random multiplier value. The wild symbol creates a wild symbol stack during the free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the pay table, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap quick spin Off. To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing.