Robin of Sherwood Mobile General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. All 243 ways are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. All payout tables display the credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in credits. At least 3 matching symbols on a single way trigger a winning combination. Winning 3+ Free Spin Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spins Scatter Feature. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Regular Symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination on permanently enabled ways except the Wild Symbol and the Free Spin Scatter Symbol. Regular Symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on a permanently enabled way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All wins are calculated per way with your selected stake (and not with the total bet). Only one winning combination is paid out per way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Wild Symbol Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol creates its own winning combination when 5 symbols appear on a way. Payouts for 5 Wild Symbols are the same as for the highest win symbol. This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game and the Free Spin Scatter Feature. This symbol does not substitute for the Free Spin Scatter Symbol. Free Spin Scatter Symbol Free Spin Scatter Symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. Activates the Free Spins Scatter Feature when 3 or more appear on the five reels. Wild Turning Feature Wild Turning Feature rules: This feature is randomly triggered independently from the stopping of the reels. In one spin the feature can trigger on any number of reels. When triggered, all Royal Symbols (Jack, Queen, King, Ace), on a randomly selected reel, will be converted into Wild Symbols before wins are evaluated. This feature is not triggered during Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter Feature 3 Free Spin Scatter Symbols win 10 Free Spins and the Free Spins Scatter Feature evaluation starts. Free Spins rules: You are awarded 10 Free Spins. All the bets and ways played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spin Scatter Feature. During Free Spins it is not possible to retrigger additional Free Spins. Royal Clearing Feature Royal Clearing Feature rules: Only during Free Spins, the Royal Clearing Feature is enabled. The winning chance will successively increase by eliminating the lowest remaining Royal Symbol (Jack, Queen, King, Ace) after every 2nd Free Spin. The smaller number of different symbols has a positive effect on the frequency of high pay-out wins. Playing the game Place a bet and play The game is played with credits. The win amounts in the paytable will be displayed in credits as well. Select your bet amount. How? Tap Stake (+) or (-) to select bet size you want to bet. The selected bet size multiplied by 20 equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. Tap Maxbet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. Tap Spin If you have a winning combination lined up on the way, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games.You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap the AutoPlay button. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap the AutoPlay stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.86% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020