Reel Splitter About Reel Splitter Welcome to Reel Splitter, a video slot featuring Reel Split Re-spin and Free Spins. Game Rules General Reel Splitter is a video slot with 4 reels, 3 rows, and 81 Ways. During the base game, Ways pay if 3 or more of the same symbol appear in succession in any position on the reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost according to the PAYTABLE. A win is calculated by multiplying the symbol win multiplier from the PAYTABLE by the total bet. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols do not appear on the leftmost and rightmost reel in the base game and the Free Spins. It is not possible to trigger the Reel Split Re-spin and Free Spins in the same spin. Reel Split Re-spin The Reel Split Re-spin can only be awarded in the base game. When a win with 4 symbols in succession is awarded, there is a chance that a Reel Split Re-spin feature is awarded. During the Reel Split Re-spin, an additional reel is added between the second and third reel. Only the additional reel will spin, all other reels will be locked. If one or more symbols on the extra reel creates a winning combination, a win is awarded according to the PAYTABLE. The Reel Split Re-spin feature increases the Ways from 81 to 243. It is not possible to trigger Free Spins within Reel Split Re-spin. The Reel Split Re-spin cannot be triggered by Free Spins symbols. Free Spins During the base game, 3 or 4 Free Spin symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger Free Spins. 3 Free Spins symbols award 8 Free Spins and 4 Free Spin symbols award 16 Free Spins. Free Spins are played with 5 reels, 243 Ways, and Both Ways. During Free Spins, the middle reel is a Stacked Wild. The Stacked Wild contains 3 locked Wild symbols. During Free Spins, wins are paid if 3 or more symbols appear in succession from the leftmost position to the rightmost or the rightmost position to the leftmost according to the PAYTABLE. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation REEL SPLITTER REEL SPLITTER REEL SPLIT RE-SPIN REEL SPLIT RE-SPIN BOTH WAYS BOTH WAYS FREE SPINS FREE SPINS BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet field Displays the current bet size. Balance field Displays the current account balance. Win field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020