Retro Galaxy Retro Galaxy is a 5 reel and 243 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Free Spins bonus game General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 20 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 20 bet multiplier = 100 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 100 total coins bet x 0.02 coin size = 2 total credits bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins and coin size you bet per spin. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. During free spins, this symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. This symbol does not contribute to the Rolling Reels™ feature during the regular game. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. This symbol does not create its own winning combination. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol winning combinations. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. During the regular game, the multiplier increases with each rolling reel. The multiplier value starts at 1x. After the first rolling reel, any wins are multiplied by 2x. After the second rolling reel, any wins are multiplied by 3x. After the third and following rolling reels, any wins are multiplied by 5x. Rolling Reels™ are also available during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Free Spins bonus game Rolling Reels™ are available during the free spins. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value starts at 2. The multiplier value increases by 1. The maximum multiplier value is 15. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins can be re-triggered. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.05%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. The maximum win from a single game is £366,000. Last modification date: 11/3/2020