Rockabilly Wolves About Rockabilly Wolves Welcome to Rockabilly Wolves, a video slot featuring Wild substitution, Re-spin, and Free Spins with Sticky Wild and Multiplier Sticky Wild. Game Rules General Rockabilly Wolves is a video slot with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 20 Lines. Win on a line pays if 3 or more of the same symbol appear in succession, from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. A line win is calculated by multiplying the symbol win multiplier from the PAYTABLE by the total bet. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win per line is paid. Wilds There are three types of Wilds in the game: Regular Wild, Sticky Wild and Multiplier Sticky Wild. Regular Wild appears only in the base game while Sticky Wild and Multiplier Sticky Wild appear only in Free Spins. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Re-spin Free Spins symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game. If 2 Free Spins symbols land, the reel without the Free Spins symbol will Re-spin once. The other reels will be locked during the Re-spin. If the third Free Spins symbol lands during the Re-spin, Free Spins will be triggered, awarding the player 9 Free Spins. Free Spins If 3 Free Spins symbols have landed, 9 Free Spins are awarded. The Free Spins symbol on reel 3 from the base game will convert into a Multiplier Sticky Wild and remain in position for the duration of Free Spins. Free Spins starts with multiplier 2X. A Sticky Wild or Multiplier Sticky Wild that appears on any reel will remain in the position on which it landed for the duration of Free Spins. Any additional Multiplier Sticky Wild appearing on any reel will increase the multiplier by an increment of 1. Only one Multiplier Sticky Wild can land per reel. The maximum multiplier the player can achieve is 6X. When at least one Sticky Wild or Multiplier Sticky Wild has landed on each reel, 3 additional Free Spins are awarded. Additional Free Spins can be awarded only once per Free Spins feature. Any individual wins during Free Spins are multiplied by the current multiplier. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation ROCKABILLY WOLVES ROCKABILLY WOLVES REGULAR WILD REGULAR WILD STICKY WILD STICKY WILD MULTIPLIER STICKY WILD MULTIPLIER STICKY WILD RE-SPIN RE-SPIN FREE SPINS FREE SPINS BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020