RARARA About Ra Ra Ra Ra Ra Ra is a five reel, fixed ten payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Stacked Wilds Pyramid symbol Free win spins feature Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.97%. Game Rules General Press the Total Bet or use the arrows on the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each combination. Winning combinations are to be paid both ways - from left to right and from right to left and amounts are accordingly calculated as a multiplier of bet per line. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Wilds appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitute for other symbols, except Pyramid symbol. When Wild lands on the reels, it becomes stacked. Pyramid symbol appears only on reel 1 and activates Bonus Feature only if at least one Wild is in view. On mobile you can hold down the Spin button for quick spins. During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right and from right to left. Wild symbol When a Wild appears on one or more reels it gets stacked. This symbol substitutes for other symbols, except Pyramid symbol, to complete wins. Any Wild that appears will award the player a win re-spin. If there is a win then the win re-spin ends. If it is non-winning or another Wild(s) appear the player is awarded a re-spin. This continues until you get a win and/or a Pyramid symbol lands on reel 1. When at least one Wild lands together with Pyramid symbol on reel 1, bonus feature is activated. Pyramid symbol This symbol does not pay out if it lands on enabled payline. This symbol is only on reel 1 and, when present, a Wild on any other reel awards 2 free win spins with stacked, sticky Wilds. This symbol can appear in free win spins and re-trigger them. Free win spins feature 2 free win spins are awarded with a chance to re-trigger. During free win spins if there is a spin with no win, additional spin is awarded. Any Wilds active upon a Pyramid symbol landing on reel 1 are held for the duration of the free win spins round. Any additional Wilds that land are also held for all remaining spins. Any new Wild landing on the reels during free win spins will award you an extra free win spin. 2 to 5 additional free win spins can be re-triggered upon Pyramid symbol landing on reel 1 during free win spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free win spin bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. If the initial set of free win spins is not re-triggered, and only one stacked Wild is on the reels, you have a chance to trigger Comeback feature. You can trigger Comeback feature as long as there is only one stacked Wild on the reels at the end of free win spins. The Comeback feature may award the player a fixed 2 more additional spins. Game Controls Total Bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your Casino balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. AutoPlay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, music, turbo spins). Menu button Opens Game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. Click Settings. Choose the required settings. Close the window to return to game. Available settings: Audio Volume Adjust the volume of in-game audio or turn it off completely. Sound Effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. Some settings (quick spins, Turbo) may not be available based on Casino and/or country. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. During Autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Autoplay stops automatically if any feature is triggered, selected number of spins is played out or the balance is less than the total bet per spin. Please see breakdown of Autoplay options below: Autoplay Options Number of spins. Set the number of spins you want to play. Loss Limit. Set a limit on the maximum amount to lose to stop Autoplay. Single win limit. Set the limit on the maximum amount you want to win in a single spin to stop Autoplay. Some autoplay settings may not be available based on Casino and/or country. Start Autoplay Select the bet amount you wish to play and click on Autoplay button. Select your Autoplay options – number of spins, loss limit and single win limit. Click Spin to start Autoplay. Click Stop to end Autoplay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €500 The maximum win from a single game is €500,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020