Robojack About RoboJack RoboJack is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game with five special features. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin.  Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts There are five bonus games. You choose objects to reveal the bonus game awarded. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Free Spins with Extra Wilds You are awarded up to sixty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. During each free spin, the RoboJack symbol turns into a wild symbol if it can complete a winning combination. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Free Spins with Scatter Prizes You are awarded up to forty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Any Scatter symbol that land on the reels awards a random multiplier value. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with Wild Reel You are awarded up to twenty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. One reel is randomly transformed into a wild reel on each spin. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with 2 Symbol Re-trigger You are awarded up to sixty-five free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. If two or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with 3x Multiplier You are awarded up to fifty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All wins are tripled during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The RoboJack symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. There are five bonus games. You choose objects to reveal the bonus game awarded. You can choose to keep the first game awarded, or pick again. You can only pick again once. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Free Spins with Extra Wilds You are awarded up to sixty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. During each free spin, the RoboJack symbol turns into a wild symbol if it can complete a winning combination. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with Scatter Prizes You are awarded up to forty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Any Scatter symbol that land on the reels awards a random multiplier value. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with Wild Reel You are awarded up to twenty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. One reel is randomly transformed into a wild reel on each spin. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with 2 Symbol Re-trigger You are awarded up to sixty-five free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. If two or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with 3x Multiplier You are awarded up to fifty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All wins are tripled during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular win Betting and Payout Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The RoboJack symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Scatter symbol The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: There are five bonus games. You choose objects to reveal the bonus game awarded. You can choose to keep the first game awarded, or pick again. You can only pick again once. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Free Spins with Extra Wilds You are awarded up to sixty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. During each free spin, the RoboJack symbol turns into a wild symbol if it can complete a winning combination. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with Scatter Prizes You are awarded up to forty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Any Scatter symbol that land on the reels awards a random multiplier value. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with Wild Reel You are awarded up to twenty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. One reel is randomly transformed into a wild reel on each spin. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with 2 Symbol Re-trigger You are awarded up to sixty-five free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. If two or more Scatter symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Free Spins with 3x Multiplier You are awarded up to fifty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All wins are tripled during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. To increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins (+) or (-) . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020