Sherlock of London General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. • All 25 fixed paylines are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. • All payout tables display the credits that are won for each combination. • At least 3 matching symbols on a single payline trigger a winning combination. • Winning 3+ Free Spins Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spins Scatter Feature. • The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Regular Symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination on permanently enabled paylines except the Wild Symbol, the Free Spins Scatter Symbol and the Extra Wild Symbol. Regular Symbol rules: • Matching symbols must be next to each other on a payline. • Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so 1 symbol must be displayed on the 1st slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the 2nd, 3rd, 4th or 5th slot reel does not pay out. • All wins are calculated per payline with your selected stake (and not with the total bet). • The longest valid combination per payline will be paid. Wild Symbol This is the Wild Symbol. Wild Symbol rules: • This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. • This symbol creates its own winning combination when 3, 4 or 5 symbols appear on an enabled payline. • This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game. • This symbol does not substitute for the Free Spins Scatter Symbol. Free Spins Scatter Symbol This is the Free Spins Scatter Symbol Free Spins Scatter Symbol rules: • This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. • Activates the Free Spins Scatter Feature when 3 or more appear on the 5 reels. Extra Wild Symbol This is the Extra Wild Symbol. Extra Wild Symbol rules: • During Free Spins, all "Dr. Watson" Symbols additionally act as Wild Symbols. • They can replace any other symbol to complete a winning combination (except the Free Spins Scatter Symbols). • The Extra Wild Symbol cannot trigger the CONNECTING WILDS FEATURE, DOUBLE WIN FEATURE or the EXPANDING WILD FEATURE. • This symbol creates its own winning combination when 3, 4 or 5 symbols appear on an enabled payline. Expanding Wild Symbol This is the Expanding Wild Symbol. Expanding Wild Symbol rules: • If there is exactly 1 Wild Symbol on the reels during Free Spins, the Wild Symbol turns into an Expanding Wild covering the entire reel. • Subsequently, all 3 symbols on that reel turn into Wild Symbols. Connecting Wilds Feature Connecting Wilds Feature rules: • If more than 1 Wild Symbol is available on the reels, all Wild Symbols will be connected. • All other symbols on the connecting path will turn into additional Wild Symbols. Double Win Feature Double Win Feature rules: • If there are exactly 2 Wild Symbols on the reels and they appear on 2 adjacent columns in the same row next to each other, the Wild Symbols will merge and activate the DOUBLE WIN FEATURE. • All line wins in this spin will be doubled. Bonus Spins Feature Bonus Spins Feature rules: • If there is exactly 1 Wild Symbol on the reels and this Wild Symbol resides on the 1st or 2nd reel, 1 or 2 Bonus Spins will be triggered. • During the Bonus Spins the Wild Symbol will remain fixed on the reels, while other symbols will spin again. • If the 1st Bonus Spin results in at least 1 additional Wild Symbol on the reels, then either the CONNECTING WILDS FEATURE or the DOUBLE WIN FEATURE is activated and the 2nd Bonus Spin will no longer be triggered. Free Spins Scatter Feature 3 or more Free Spins Scatter Symbols win 10 Free Spins and the FREE SPINS SCATTER FEATURE evaluation starts after active Bonus Spins are finished. Free Spins rules: • You are awarded 10 Free Spins. • All the bets and paylines played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins Scatter Feature. • 3 or more Free Spins Scatter Symbols during Free Spins retrigger 10 Free Spins added to the remaining Free Spins in the Free Spin counter. • During Free Spins both CONNECTING WILDS FEATURE and DOUBLE WIN FEATURE are available. • However the BONUS SPINS FEATURE is replaced by the EXPANDING WILD FEATURE. Expanding Wild Feature Expanding Wild Feature rules: • If there is exactly 1 Wild Symbol on the reels during Free Spins, the Wild Symbol turns into an Expanding Wild covering the entire reel. • Subsequently, all 3 symbols on that reel turn into Wild Symbols. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. • All 25 fixed paylines are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. • All payout tables display the credits that are won for each combination. • At least 3 matching symbols on a single payline trigger a winning combination. • Winning 3+ Free Spins Scatter Symbols rewards the player with 10 Free Spins and triggers the Free Spins Scatter Feature. • The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play The game is played with credits. The win amounts in the paytable will be displayed in credits as well. 1. Select your bet amount. How? • Tap Stake (swipe left) or (swipe right) to select the bet size you want to bet. • The selected bet size multiplied by 25 fixed paylines equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. • Tap Max bet to bet the maximum bet size permitted. 2. Tap Spin. • If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. • If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue AutoPlay until you tap the stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another Bonus Feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. Tap the AutoPlay button. 3. Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. 4. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap the AutoPlay stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. 5. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. View the game payouts The game paytables display all payout amounts for the game. 1. Tap the i icon on the lower right corner. 2. Tap the next and previous buttons to browse the paytables. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000