Six Acrobats General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. You win the same value as the highest paying symbol. During the regular game, this symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 5. During the free spins, this symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 25. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. There are no payouts for any scatter winning combinations during the free spins. For each scatter symbol displayed on the reels, you are awarded an additional free spin. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. To turn AutoPlay on in a game: Tap and hold Spin to open the spin settings. Tap and drag to select the number of spins you want to play. Tap Play to return to the game and start AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To stop AutoPlay at any time, tap and hold the number of remaining spins. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 7/6/2017