Santas Wild Ride About Santa's Wild Ride Santa's Wild Ride is a five reel and one hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Free Gift feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin.  Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular payouts depend on your total bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded twenty-five free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Free Gift bonus feature cannot activate during the free spins. Free Gift Feature Payouts The Gift Box symbol automatically reveals a random bonus amount. It is possible for two Gift Box symbols to display simultaneously on reels 2 and 4. You are awarded a random bonus win amount for each gift displayed. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Doubles, triples or quadruples the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Gift Box symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not multiply the payouts of combinations it completes as a wild symbol in the Free Spins bonus game. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Keys symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Keys symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Keys symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. You choose one of three wild symbol features: Stacked Wilds The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol can create a wild symbol stack during the free spins. Expanding Wilds The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol becomes an expanding wild symbol if a winning combination is possible during the free spins. Trailing Wilds™ The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol becomes a trailing wild symbol during the free spins. The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol does not multiply the payouts of combinations it completes as a wild symbol during the free spins. The Free Gift bonus feature cannot activate during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Free Gift Feature Rules One Gift Box symbol scattered on reel 2 or 4 activates the Free Gift bonus feature. The Gift Box symbol automatically reveals a random bonus amount. It is possible for two Gift Box symbols to display simultaneously on reels 2 and 4. You are awarded a random bonus win amount for each gift displayed. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The bonus win amounts are not multiplied by any wild symbol multiplier. The Free Gift bonus feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular payouts depend on your total bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles, triples or quadruples the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Gift Box symbol. Does not multiply the payouts of combinations it completes as a wild symbol in the Free Spins bonus game. Scatter symbol The Keys symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Keys symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded twenty-five free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins.  You choose one of three wild symbol features: Stacked Wilds The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol can create a symbol stack during the free spins. Expanding Wilds The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol becomes an expanding wild symbol if a winning combination is possible during the free spins. Trailing Wilds™ The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol becomes a trailing wild symbol during the free spins. The Santa's Wild Ride Logo symbol does not multiply the payouts of combinations it completes as a wild symbol. The Free Gift bonus feature cannot activate during the free spins. More Free Gift Bonus Feature One Gift Box symbol scattered on reel 2 or 4 activates the Free Gift bonus feature. In this feature: The Gift Box symbol automatically reveals a random bonus amount. It is possible for two Gift Box symbols to display simultaneously on reels 2 and 4. You are awarded a random bonus win amount for each gift displayed. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The bonus win amounts are not multiplied by the wild symbol multiplier. The Free Gift bonus feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. To increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins (+) or (-) . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020