Sugar Parade Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of coins bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. If you have a scatter win and a line win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the Free Spins Bonus Game . All the bets played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins Bonus Game . Free spins can be re-triggered during the Free Spins Bonus Game . Queen's Royal Bonus Game Payouts You can win up to 2 500 coins. The win amounts displayed in the Queen's Royal Bonus Game are already multiplied by your line bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. General Rules You can bet up to five coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Sugar Parade/Wild Symbol Rules The Sugar Parade/Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Queen's Royal Bonus symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on a payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of coins bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. If you have a scatter win and a line win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins Bonus Game . Queen's Royal Bonus Game Rules Three or more Queen's Royal Bonus symbols displayed on a payline activate the Queen's Royal Bonus Game . You can win up to 2 500 coins. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your line bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Queen's Royal Bonus Game can be activated during the Free Spins Bonus Game . Queen's Royal Bonus Game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the Queen's Royal Bonus Game . Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Scatter symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins Bonus Game . You are awarded ten free spins. All line wins are tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins Bonus Game . Free spins can be re-triggered during the Free Spins Bonus Game . The Queen's Royal Bonus Game can be activated during the free spins. The Queen's Royal Bonus Game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. Queen's Royal Bonus Game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the Queen's Royal Bonus Game . Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to line wins. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Click the Bet area. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per line. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, if you have a winning combination lined up on a payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning symbols and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the general sound is turned ON . Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced gives fullest experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins increases the speed of the slot reel spin during Free Spins so your results are displayed quicker. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the three highest win amounts during the current game session. Last modification date: 7/6/2017