Secret Santa Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All one thousand and twenty-four pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 50 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Secret Santa Logo symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Cracker symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win 5 of a Kind Again Bonus Feature Rules Five regular symbols displayed in a line activates the 5 of a Kind bonus feature. The 5 of a Kind symbol combination must be a natural combination and can not be substituted by the wild symbol. Five wild symbols or five scatter symbols do not complete a winning 5 of a Kind symbol combination. You are paid out your original 5 of a Kind symbol combination win. The symbols transform into a new 5 of a Kind symbol combination and pay out again. If there is more than one possible 5 of a Kind winning combination on the reels in a single spin, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Only the highest combination transforms into another 5 of a Kind symbol combination. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Secret Santa Bonus Game Rules The Secret Santa bonus game is randomly activated after any spin. You are randomly awarded one of seven bonus games. Each bonus game awards a bonus feature on a spin or additional free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Wild Reels Bonus Game Up to three reels are transformed into wild reels. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Spree Bonus Game All symbols act as scatter symbols. Scatter Spree bonus game wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the pay way bet multiplier. Wild Boost Bonus Game Any symbol can be transformed into the extra wild symbol. If that symbol appears more than once on the reels, they are also transformed into wild symbols. The transformed wild symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Mystery Multiplier Bonus Game You are awarded up to a 10x multiplier value on your total win amount. Rolling Reels Bonus Game When a winning combination occurs, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with an 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 2, up to a 12x value. Dashing Wilds Bonus Game The Dashing Wild symbol is an extra wild symbol. Four Dashing Wild symbols move over each reel and randomly stop on a reel position before the reels stop spinning. Free Spins Bonus Game You are awarded five free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 6. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 7. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins Betting and Payout Rules All one thousand and twenty-four pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 50 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Secret Santa Logo symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Scatter Symbol The Cracker symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 5 of a Kind Again Bonus Feature Five regular symbols displayed in a line activates the 5 of a Kind bonus feature. The 5 of a Kind symbol combination must be a natural combination and can not be substituted by the wild symbol. Five wild symbols or five scatter symbols do not complete a winning 5 of a Kind symbol combination. In this feature: You are paid out your original 5 of a Kind symbol combination win. The symbols transform into a new 5 of a Kind symbol combination and pay out again. If there is more than one possible 5 of a Kind winning combination on the reels in a single spin, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Only the highest combination transforms into another 5 of a Kind symbol combination. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only Secret Santa Bonus Game The Secret Santa bonus game is randomly activated after any spin. In this game: You are randomly awarded one of seven bonus games. Each bonus game awards a bonus feature on a spin or additional free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Wild Reels Bonus Game Up to three reels are transformed into wild reels. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Spree Bonus Game All symbols act as scatter symbols. Scatter Spree bonus game wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the pay way bet multiplier. Wild Boost Bonus Game Any symbol can be transformed into the extra wild symbol. If that symbol appears more than once on the reels, they are also transformed into wild symbols. The transformed wild symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Mystery Multiplier Bonus Game You are awarded up to a 10x multiplier value on your total win amount Rolling Reels Bonus Game When a winning combination occurs, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with an 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 2, up to a 12x value. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. Dashing Wilds Bonus Game The Dashing Wild symbol is an extra wild symbol. Four Dashing Wild symbols move over each reel and randomly stop on a reel position before the reels stop spinning. Free Spins Bonus Game You are awarded five free spins. All regular wins are tripled during the free spins. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all three combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted in gold on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020