Sidewinder About Sidewinder Welcome to Sidewinder, a video slot featuring up to 1125 Ways to win, Horizontal Reels with added Wilds and Free Spins with Expanding Wilds. Game Rules General Sidewinder is a Video Slot with 5 reels, 3 rows and 1 additional horizontal reel on top and 1 on bottom with 3 symbol positions each, creating a 3-5-5-5-3 reel area configuration. The game has 243, 576 or 1125 Ways. Ways pay if 3 or more of the same symbol appear in succession in any position on the reels, from the leftmost position to the right according to the PAYTABLE. A win is calculated by multiplying the symbol win multiplier from the PAYTABLE by the total bet. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins are added. Wild Symbols There are 3 different Wild symbols in the game: Regular Wild symbol, Top Wild symbol and Bottom Wild symbol. Regular Wild symbols only appear on horizontal reels. In the base game Top Wild symbols only appear on reel 2 and on the bottom horizontal reel. In the base game Bottom Wild symbols only appear on reel 4 and the top horizontal reel. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Sidewinder Feature A Top Wild symbol activates the top horizontal reel and a Bottom Wild symbol activates the bottom horizontal reel, increasing the Ways and allowing for additional Wilds to stop. 1 activated horizontal reel increases the Ways to 576, 2 horizontal reels increase the Ways to 1125. The Sidewinder feature can only be activated by either Wild symbols or Free Spins symbols, not both. A horizontal reel activated by a Top Wild or a Bottom Wild only contains Wild symbols. Free Spins In the base game Free Spins symbols only appear on reel 2, reel 4 and the horizontal reels. When Free Spins symbols stop on reel 2 and 4, both of the horizontal reels will be activated and spin. In the base game the horizontal reels triggered by the Free Spins symbols contain only Free Spins symbols. In the base game 3 Free Spins symbols award 6 Free Spins, 4 Free Spins symbols award 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins both horizontal reels are active and the game is played with 1125 Ways. During Free Spins both Regular Wild and Free Spins symbols only appear on the horizontal reels. If Regular Wild symbols stop on the same position on both horizontal reels, Expanding Wild symbols are created, covering the reel in-between them with Regular Wilds. During Free Spins 1 extra spin is awarded for each Free Spins symbol that stops. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English. English Term Translation SIDEWINDER SIDEWINDER HORIZONTAL REELS HORIZONTAL REELS FREE SPINS FREE SPINS BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet field Displays the current bet size. Balance field Displays the current account balance. Win field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn quick spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020