Shanghai Beauty Wild Symbol The Shanghai Beauty/Wild symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple Wild symbols appear on a payline. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not multiply the payout when it creates its own combination. Only the highest combination is paid out per payline. Scatter Symbol The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Scatter symbols trigger free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Regular Payouts Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Game Rules General Rules You can bet up to five coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Shanghai Beauty/Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple Wild symbols appear on a payline. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not multiply the payout when it creates its own combination. Only the highest combination is paid out per payline. Scatter Symbol Rules The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and free spins wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The total paid out depends on the bet per payline. Values are displayed based on the selected balance view mode (coins or credits). Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select your bet amount. How? Desktop Click the Bet area.Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on an active payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Viewing Your Balance Your Casino Balance is visible in the Coins/Credits area of the console. You can choose to display the Balance in either coins or credits. The Balance panel shows the Balance Summary in both coins and credits and allows you to choose how to show balances and wins in the game. Choosing Credits will change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Choosing Coins will change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. To choose how to display your balance: Desktop Click the Credits/Coins area. Click Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Balance option Tap Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. Tap the Balance option Tap Credits or Coins to change how your casino balance is displayed. Win History and Statistics You can view your win history and session statistics in the game. What do you want to do? View my win history You can view your 5 most recent wins. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Wins button. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Wins button. Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Wins button. View my game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics What statistics can I view? Game Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest win amounts during the current game session. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning symbols and sequences. Background sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. Tap the Settings option Under Sound Settings, tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the general sound is turned ON Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic turns off animations. Enhanced shows full animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option Under Graphics Settings, click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option Under Graphics Settings, tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. Tap the Settings option Under Graphics Settings, tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behavior Quick Spin increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin during Free Spins so your results are displayed quicker. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option Under Game Settings, click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Phone Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option Under Game Settings, click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (...) button. Tap the Settings option Under Game Settings, click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Last modification date: 1/31/2017