Super Sync About Super Sync™ Super Sync™ is a 3x3 reels, 27 ways slot game. Return to Player (RTP) General How to play Wild symbol Reel Sync Scatter symbol Free Spins Autoplay Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.50%. General Ways: Displays the number of ways in game. Coinciding wins on different ways are added together and paid to player. Coin Value : Displays the theoretical stake prize of current setting. Bet : Shows the value of bet of current setting. The bet size is coin value multiplied by bet multiplier. Max Bet : Sets the coin value to the largest available. Win : Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Cash/Coin : Displays your account balance as either Cash or Coins depending on the choice of the player. The default display is cash. The conversion of Cash to Coins and vice a versa is done with 2 decimal values to achieve the closest original values, however in game, Coin conversion will always display in whole number. Additional Information If you have a winning combination on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. All winning combinations are paid left to right on a way combination, with each starting at Reel 1, except scatter combinations, which may occur in any position. Highest win paid per combination. Winnings achieved within Features are paid in addition to ways combinations. Regular wins in paytable are displayed in coins. In cash mode, your total payout is calculated as (Coin value*values displayed on the paytable). If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. How to play Select your bet/coin denomination. Click(for Desktop) or Touch(for Mobile) the spin button to start a game cycle. Game Buttons Desktop Mobile Action Spin Spin Initiates a single cycle Max Bet No Max Bet button used Sets the bet configuration to the maximum stake level. Autoplay Autoplay/Hold down Spin for Autoplay Brings up menu screen showing all Autoplay Options available in the game to initiate multiple cycles in succession Bet Settings Bet Settings Brings up the bet Options for the player to select the level of their wager Settings Settings Opens up a separate settings screen offering the following: Bet Settings; Paytable; Game Settings; Autoplay Desktop Mobile Action Paytable Paytable Opens up the game paytable Game Settings Game Settings Shows the various general settings options available (e.g. Player selectable Audio settings for players to determine which sounds they wish to be played during the session) Audio Settings Audio Settings Open the game settings menu to enable player to independently switch on or off the music or effects Show Coins Show Coins Enable/Disable Show coins to play with amount in coins/cash respectively Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. For Example: Game A has the following criteria: You spin the reels. Two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 2 and 3, Wild symbol appears on reel 1. This completes 3 Cherry symbols win and player will be paid as per 3 Cherry symbols payout. Reel Sync On every spin, there is random chance of reel sync of two adjacent reels with identical symbols. The reel sync on two reels can appear adjacently on any of the 3 reels. During the spin, the two synced reels can expand to award super spin where all the 3 reels become identical. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scatter symbols trigger 5 free spins. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by wild symbols. Free Spins is a Scatter symbol. 3 scatter symbols trigger 5 free spins. Free spins are played at the same bet value as the triggering game. During free spins, 2 scatter symbols re-trigger free spins through a wheel awarding up to 10 free spins or 5 super spins. During free spins, 3 scatter symbols award 5 super spins. After super spins complete, any remaining free spins are played out as standard free spins. Reel sync will action on every spin during free spins. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay Button. Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play and Tap/Click on Start Autoplays. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop Button. Autoplay stops after completion of set autoplay count or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Value * Bet Multiplier). Spins You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop spins if Autoplay exceeds the loss limit value with the next bet. Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 6/4/2021