Starlight Kiss Starlight Kiss is a five reel, thirty payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbols Mixed Pay combination Free Spins bonus game Romance bonus game General The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbols. This symbol does substitute for the mixed pay combination symbols. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter symbol These symbols do not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. These symbols cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Mixed Pay combination These symbols can combine to complete a mixed pay combination. The wild symbol can substitute to complete a mixed pay combination. Winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Wins are doubled during the free spins, except for Romance bonus game wins. Free spins can be re-activated. The Romance bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Romance bonus game You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts and a random number of hearts. The hearts fill the Romance Meter to increase the bonus multiplier value. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The bonus win amount is multiplied by the bonus multiplier value displayed on the Romance Meter. The Romance bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.52%. Game version Starlight Kiss v129.4.16 Game manufacturer: Derivco (Pty) Ltd Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet Size Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Item Description Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also start the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also stop the game. Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Tell me more about AutoPlay AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. C:\My Documents\My Projects\CasinoHelp\Content\Slots\Game_Basics\Options.htm Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay this dialog settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Start AutoPlay If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Select a bet amount. Click AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you click Stop . Select your AutoPlay Click Start or Start AutoPlay . Click Stop to end AutoPlay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Tap Bet to choose your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet Size Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020