Sun Tide General In this game all 9 paylines are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. You can bet up to 5 coins per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins depend on your bet per payline. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Acts as an expanding wild symbol on reel 3 during the regular slot game. Acts as an expanding wild symbol on reels 2, 3 or 4 during the free spins. Only expands if a winning symbol combination is possible. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 15 free spins. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature.  Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the pay table, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/12/2020