Silver Lioness4x About Silver Lioness4x Beautiful Bones is a five reel, 243 ways and 300 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Sugar Skull Meter feature Wild Spin Again feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature General All 1024 pay ways are permanently enabled. A fixed bet multiplier of 40 applies per spin. Your total bet is dependent on the Bet level and Coin value played. Total bet = Bet multiplier * Bet level * Coin value. If you have a winning combination on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on the pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right, starting from the first slot reel except Scatter which pays any. Highest win paid per combination. All wins are multiplied by the coins bet except Scatter. Coins bet = (Coin value * Bet level). Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Regular wins in paytable are displayed in coins. Your total payout is calculated as (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable). So, if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your coins bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 = 0.01 credits. For example a 5 of a kind win of Silver Lioness symbol is calculated as (0.01 credits * 250 coins) = 2.50 credits. To convert your win amount from credits to coins, divide the number of credits won by the coin value. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The theoretical percentage return to player is 95.6896%. Bet Controls Clicking on Coin stack will open the Bet Settings Panel. On Base game, Clicking on (+) or (-) will also open the Bet Settings Panel. Also, player can directly change Bet Level and Coin Value from (+) or (-) buttons. [Important: This option is only available for desktop version]. On Bet Settings Panel, Click (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet under Bet Level meter. On Bet Settings Panel, Click (+) or (-) to select the size of coin you want to bet under Coin Value meter. You can choose to view bet, balance and payouts in coins or credits. All your bet, balance and payouts are displayed according to the option you select. Click coins to convert to coins. Click currency to convert to credits. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4, 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 20, 15 or 8 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the paytable. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to regular wins. Wild symbol Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbol and other Wild symbols. Wild Tree symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in base game only. Wild Cubs 2x appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Free Spins only. Wins with Wild Cubs 2x are multiplied by 2. Wild Cubs 3x appears on reels 3 and 4 in Free Spins only. Wins with Wild Cubs 3x are multiplied by 3. Wild Cubs 4x appears on reel 2 in Free Spins only. Wins with Wild Cubs 4x are multiplied by 4. Free Spin Bonus is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 20, 15 or 8 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. All bets and pay ways played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus wins are added to pay ways and Scatter wins. Free Spins can be retriggered. 5, 4, 3 or 2 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels will award 20, 15, 8 or 5 additional Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins, each Wild Cubs that appears on reels 2, 3 or 4 will multiply any prize it is substituting by either 2x, 3x or 4x upto a total maximum of 36x. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings 1. Coin Size You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. 2. Coins Bet Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per way. Coins Bet differ between games. 3. Total Bet Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Bet multiplier). 4. Spins You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. 5. Win Limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. 6. Loss Limit Stop spins if Autoplay exceed the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020