Scrooge About Scrooge Scrooge is a five reel, fifty payline, and five-hundred coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Xmas Dinner bonus game Free Spins bonus game Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. When regular symbols complete a winning combination, you can choose one symbol in the winning combination to reveal an additional prize. The prizes are: Plus One Day Adds one day to the Xmas Count Down calendar. When the Xmas Count Down calendar reaches the 25th of December the Free Spins bonus game is activated. Plus One Free Spin Adds one free spin to the Free Spins counter. When the Free Spins bonus game is activated you are awarded the number of free spins displayed in the Free Spins counter. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. When the wild, multiplier symbol substitutes and completes a winning combination, you can choose one symbol in the winning combination to reveal an additional prize. The prizes are: Plus One Day Adds one day to the Xmas Count Down calendar. When the Xmas Count Down calendar reaches the 25th of December the Free Spins bonus game is activated. Plus One Free Spin Adds one free spin to the Free Spins counter. When the Free Spins bonus game is activated you are awarded the number of free spins displayed in the Free Spins counter. If you do not choose a symbol and click Spin the game randomly chooses a symbol for you. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. When the scatter symbol completes a winning combination, you can choose one symbol in the winning combination to reveal an additional prize. The prizes are: Plus One Day Adds one day to the Xmas Count Down calendar. When the Xmas Count Down calendar reaches the 25th of December the Free Spins bonus game is activated. Plus One Free Spin Adds one free spin to the Free Spins counter. When the Free Spins bonus game is activated you are awarded the number of free spins displayed in the Free Spins counter. If you do not choose a symbol and click Spin the game randomly chooses a symbol for you. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Xmas Dinner bonus game You choose objects to reveal random multiplier values. The random bonus multiplier value displayed in the bonus game is multiplied by your total bet amount. At the end of the bonus game, you can choose one symbol in the winning combination to reveal an additional prize. The prizes are: Plus One Day Adds one day to the Xmas Count Down calendar. When the count down reaches the 25th of December the Free Spins bonus game is activated. Plus One Free Spin Adds one free spin to the Free Spins counter. When the Free Spins bonus game is activated you are awarded the number of free spins displayed in the Free Spins counter. If you do not choose a symbol and click Spin the game randomly chooses a symbol for you. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Free Spins bonus game You are awarded the number of free spins displayed in the Free Spins counter. You cannot win additional free spins during the bonus game. When the free spins are complete the Xmas Count Down calendar resets to 1 and the Free Spins counter resets to 3. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Game Controls Item Description Coin Size buttons Selects the coin size you want to bet. Click (+) or (-) to increase or decrease the coin size. Lines button Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Coins button Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Bet Max button Bets the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size, number of coins and the number of paylines to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker.This does not influence the results of the spin. View Payout button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Options button Displays the game options where you can view and change your game play and sound settings. Statistics button Displays the game play statistics. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020