Starlight Kiss General In this game all 30 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 20 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payway to win. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. There are two scatter symbols: Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Activates Free Spins when three or more appear on the reels. Creates a scatter win when three or more appear anywhere on the reels. Activates Set the Mood when three are scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4. Mixed pay combination A mixed pay combination is when two or more different symbols combine to complete a regular win combination. The Man and Lady symbols combine to complete a mixed pay combination. The wild symbol can substitute to complete a mixed pay combination. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 14 free spins. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 14 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. Regular wins are multiplied by 2. This multiplier does not apply to Set the Mood bonus wins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Set the Mood bonus Pick and win random bonus amounts! Activates when three scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Choose 3 objects to reveal a random bonus win amount and a random number of hearts. Hearts fill the Romance Meter and increase the bonus multiplier value. You win the total of all the win amounts revealed. Enable quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. From your favourite game: Slide right to Settings. Tap quick spin Off. To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . Change my bet amount Changing the bet amount changes the number of coins you bet per payline. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. From your favourite game: Slide right to Settings. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/11/2020