Snow Queen Riches About Snow Queen Riches Snow Queen Riches is a five reels with twenty five fixed pay line slot game, with: General A Frozen Wild Feature A Scatter symbol. A Bonus Wheel Feature. A Free Spins General Game has fixed 25 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line) Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.25 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.25 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.25 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is acheived using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 30 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 30 credits / 30 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter(refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Frozen Wild Feature The Snow Queen symbol is a Wild Symbol. Substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Snow Queen symbol can appear on reels 2, 3 or 4. Whenever any Wild Snow Queen appears on any of the reels, the game pays the current wins if any and will award 1 free respin with an expanded Wild Snow Queen symbol, making that whole reel Wild. A resulting win in any respin would award increasing multipliers for each additional respins from 2x to 4x with expanding Wild in the same position. Frozen Wild Feature ends if the awarded respin results in a no win or 4x multiplier is achieved. Respins play at the same bet amount that triggered the Frozen Wild Feature. Frozen Wild Feature can be triggered in both Base game and Free Spins. During Free Spins Wild can expand over all the symbols including Scatter. Scatter Symbol is a Scatter Symbol. 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Snow Queen Bonus Feature. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter symbol can appear only on reels 2,3 and 4. The Snow Queen Bonus Feature offers two different options to the player out of which the player can choose one of the bonus feature. Bonus Wheel Feature has Low Risk - Medium Reward: The player can be awarded at least 4X total bet which is ranging from 4X to 100X. This is a lower risk option as player is guaranteed at least 4x total bet award with highest possible award of 100x total bet. Free Spins has High Risk - High Reward: This bonus features a wide range of the awards during the Free Spins from 0x to 3,200x. It is a high risk option as player can win 0x or could win a high reward of 3,200x total bet. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. The Snow Queen Bonus Feature cannot be triggered during Free Spins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Bonus Wheel Feature 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Snow Queen Bonus Feature. The Snow Queen Bonus Feature offers two different options to the player out of which the player can choose one of the bonus feature. When a Player chooses Bonus Wheel Feature, game loads the bonus wheel with awards ranging from 4x to 100x multipliers. Player spins the wheel and is awarded a result. Bonus Wheel Feature has Low Risk - Medium Reward: The player can be awarded at least 4X total bet which is ranging from 4X to 100X. This is a lower risk option as player is guaranteed at least 4x total bet award with highest possible award of 100x total bet. Bonus Wheel Feature wins are multiplied by total bet. Bonus Wheel Feature wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Snow Queen Bonus Feature. The Snow Queen Bonus Feature offers two different options to the player out of which the player can choose one of the bonus feature. When Player chooses Free spins, Player is awarded 10 Free spins. Frozen Wild Feature occurs with a higher frequency inside Free Spins. Free Spins has High Risk - High Reward: This bonus features a wide range of the awards during the Free Spins from 0x to 3,200x. It is a high risk option as player can win 0x or could win a high reward of 3,200x total bet. All bets and lines are played are the same as those that started the Snow Queen Bonus Feature. During Free Spins, 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4 will award 10 additional Free Spins. Free spins wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap Autoplay On . Tap the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, tap Stop . Last modification date: 1/31/2017