Shoot! About Shoot! Shoot is a five reel, fifty payline, and one thousand coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Shoot! bonus game. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Shoot! Bonus Game Payouts You can win up to 619,000 coins. Pick four out of twelve cards to either: Win random bonus amounts. Activate the Magazine bonus game You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. A consolation prize of 1x your bet amount is awarded for each bonus amount not revealed. Activate the Free Spins bonus game You win a random number of free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game and the Shoot! bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. [ top ] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. You can bet up to twenty coins per payline. 2. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Shoot! symbol is a wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Bonus Cards symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Bonus Cards symbols scattered on the reels activate the Shoot! bonus game. Shoot! Bonus Game Rules Three or more Bonus Cards symbols scattered on the reels activate the Shoot! bonus game. You can win up to 619,000 coins. Pick four out of twelve cards to: Win random bonus amounts. Activate the Magazine bonus game. Activate the Free Spins bonus game. 4. If the Free Spins bonus game or Magazine bonus game is won, the game is played out immediately. Thereafter, you are returned to complete any remaining picks. 5. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 6. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Magazine Bonus Game Rules If you find the Magazine symbol, the Magazine bonus game is activated. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Twelve magazines are displayed. Behind each magazine is a random bonus amount or a Red Card symbol. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Once you reveal a Red Card symbol, the feature ends. A consolation prize of 1x your bet amount is awarded for each bonus amount not revealed. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules If you find the Free Spins symbol, the Free Spins bonus game is activated. You win a random number of free spins as determined by the two-digit number formed on two screens, once the numbers stop scrolling. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game and the Shoot! bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top] Wild Symbol The Shoot! symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. [ top] Scatter Symbol The Bonus Cards symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Shoot! bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. [ top] Shoot! Bonus Game Three or more Bonus Cards symbols scattered on the reels activate the Shoot! bonus game. In this game: You can win up to 619 000 coins. Pick four out of twelve cards to either: Win random bonus amounts. Activate the Magazine bonus game. Activate the Free Spins bonus game. If the Free Spins bonus game or Magazine bonus game is won, the game is played out immediately. Thereafter, you are returned to complete any remaining picks. Free Spins Bonus Game If you find the Free Spins symbol, the Free Spins bonus game is activated. In this game: · You win a random number of free spins as determined by the two-digit number formed on two screens, once the numbers stop scrolling. · All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game and the Shoot! bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. Magazine Bonus Game If you find the Magazine symbol, the Magazine bonus game is activated. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Twelve magazines are displayed. Behind each magazine is a random bonus amount or a Red Card symbol. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Once you reveal a Red Card symbol, the feature ends. A consolation prize of 1x your bet amount is awarded for each bonus amount not revealed. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Click Lines to select the number of paylines you want to play. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. Last modification date: 4/7/2017