Scary Friends About Scary Friends Scary Friends is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and twenty-five coin slot machine. Regular and special symbols Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Bonus features and games Free Spins bonus game Scary Friends bonus game Gamble feature Game play and advanced features Playing the game Free Games [top] Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol payout rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Wild symbol The Wild Friend symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Wild symbol substitution rules: Does not substitute for the Free Spins symbol. Does not substitute for the Bonus symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. [top] Scatter symbol Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins symbol and the Bonus symbol are scatter symbols. Scatter symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Three or more Free Spins symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Scary Friends bonus game. Scatter symbol payout rules: These symbols do not create their own winning combination. [top] Free Spins bonus game Three or more Free Spins symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to fourteen free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. The Scary Friends bonus game can be activated during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game rules: All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Free Spins symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. [top] Scary Friends bonus game Three or more Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Scary Friends bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Four monsters are displayed. Choose the monster you think will stay seated the longest on the spinning wheel. The bonus win amount you win depends on the placement of the monster you choose. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The Scary Friends bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. [top] Gamble feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. In this feature: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. Gamble feature rules: You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. In this game: There are 25 paylines. Paylines are not permanently enabled for every spin, so you can select or de-select paylines. You can only bet one coin per payline. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. To play: 1. Select your betting and payout mode. How? Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. 2. Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click Win Lines arrow buttons to select the number of paylines you want to bet. To bet the maximum number of lines permitted, click Max bet . 3. Place a bet. How? Click Bet arrow buttons to select the amount you want to bet per payline. To bet the maximum bet permitted, click Max bet . 4. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image Change game options Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K .