The Heat is On Mobile Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Regular Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the coins bet . For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be on adjacent reels on a payline. Winning line combinations pay out from left-to-right, so a winning line combination must start with the left most reel. The symbols in the winning line combination must be on adjacent reels on a payline. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the coins bet . Scatter wins are added to line wins. In the event of a scatter win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. For a combination of Scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more Scatters appear on the reels. Scatters cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. Betting and Payout Rules You can select the number of coins bet and the coin size . Total bet (in coins) is 50 multiplied by coins bet . The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins bet x coin size played = amount in credits. Winning line combinations pay out from left-to-right, so a winning line combination must start with the left most reel. The symbols in the winning line combination must be on adjacent reels on a payline. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each payline. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the coins bet . All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. The values displayed are determined by the number of coins bet . Values are displayed based on the selected balance view mode (coins or credits). All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Scatter pays are determined by three or more Scatter symbols in any position on the reels. Free spins wins are added to regular wins. Pays during Free Spins are the same as in base game. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Cop and Robber symbols are Wild symbols. The Cop wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Robber wild symbol. The Robber wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Cop wild symbol. The Cop and the Robber wild symbols create their own line winning combination when mixed Wild symbols appear on a payline. Only the highest combination is paid out per payline. Scatter Symbol Rules The Bank/Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the coins bet . Scatter wins are added to line wins. If you have a scatter win and a line win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Bank/Scatter symbols on 3, 4, or 5 adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel trigger 5, 10, or 20 free spins respectively. 2 Bank/Scatter symbols on reel 2 OR reel 3 multiplies the number of spins awarded by 2. 2 Bank/Scatter symbols on reel 2 AND 2 Bank/Scatter symbols on reel 3 multiplies the number of spins awarded by 2. Free Spins can be retriggered. Only the longest combination applies. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select your bet amount. How? Desktop Click the Bet area. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings , swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination on a payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Viewing Your Balance Your Casino Balance is visible in the Coins/Credits area of the console. You can choose to display the Balance in either coins or credits. The Balance panel shows the Balance Summary in both coins and credits and allows you to choose how to show balances and wins in the game. Choosing Credits will change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Choosing Coins will change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. To choose how to display your balance: Desktop Click the Credits/Coins area to open the Balance Options panel. Click Credits or Coins to change how your Casino balance is displayed. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Balance option. Tap Credits or Coins to change how your Casino balance is displayed. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning symbols and sequences. Background sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Sound Settings , tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the general sound is turned ON . Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic turns off animations. Enhanced shows full animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings , tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behavior. Quick Spin increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin during Free Spins so your results are displayed quicker. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking on the (...) button. Click on the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Settings option. Under Game Settings , click on any of the Quick Spin options to enable or disable Quick Spins. Autoplay Using AutoPlay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. About Autoplay A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Using Autoplay To use Autoplay: Desktop Click the Autoplay button to open the Autoplay panel. Click on any of the numbered options to start autoplay for the specified number of spins. The panel will close and Autoplay will start. To exit without starting autoplay, click anywhere outside of the panel. Once Autoplay starts, the Spin button turns into a Stop button. Click on it to stop Autoplay . Phone and Tablet Tap the Autoplay button to open the Autoplay panel. Tap any of the numbered options to start autoplay for the specified number of spins. The panel will close and Autoplay will start. To exit without starting autoplay, Tap the Cancel button or touch anywhere outside of the panel. Once Autoplay starts, the Spin button turns into a Stop button. Click on it to stop Autoplay . Note: Autoplay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. Win History and Statistics You can view your win history and session statistics in the game. What do you want to do? View my win history You can view your 5 most recent wins. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Wins button. Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Wins button. View my game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics Phone and Tablet Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) button. Tap the Statistics button. Tap the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics What statistics can I view? Game Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the three highest win amounts during the current game session. Wild Symbols The Cop and Robber symbols are wild symbols. These Symbols: Do not substitute for the Scatter symbol. The Cop wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Robber wild symbol. The Robber wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Cop wild symbol. Create their own line winning combination when mixed Wild symbols appear on a payline. Only the highest combination is paid out per payline. Scatter Symbol The Bank/Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. This Symbol: Cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the coins bet . Scatter wins are added to line wins. If you have a scatter win and a line win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Bank/Scatter symbols on 3, 4, or 5 adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel trigger 5, 10, or 20 free spins respectively. 2 Bank/Scatter symbols on reel 2 OR reel 3 multiplies the number of spins awarded by 2. 2 Bank/Scatter symbols on reel 2 AND 2 Scatter symbols on reel 3 multiplies the number of spins awarded by 2. Free Spins can be retriggered. Only the longest combination applies. The number of Scatters determines the amount of Free Spins awarded: Number of Scatters Reel 1 Reel 2 Reel 3 Reel 4 Reel 5 Free Spins Awarded 3 1 1 1 Non- Scatter Any Symbol 5 4 1 2 1 Non- Scatter Any Symbol 10 4 1 1 2 Non- Scatter Any Symbol 10 4 1 1 1 1 Non- Scatter 10 5 1 2 2 Non- Scatter Any Symbol 20 5 1 2 1 1 Non- Scatter 20 5 1 1 2 1 Non- Scatter 20 5 1 1 1 1 1 20 6 1 2 2 1 Non- Scatter 40 6 1 2 1 1 1 40 6 1 1 2 1 1 40 7 1 2 2 1 1 80 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020