Tomb Raider About Tomb Raider Tomb Raider is a five reel, fifteen payline, and seventy-five coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Tomb bonus game. [top] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. [top] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. You can bet up to five coins per payline. 2. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The Tomb Raider symbol is a wild symbol. 2. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 3. Does not substitute for the Idol symbol. 4. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. 5. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules 1. The Lara symbol is a scatter symbol. 2. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. 3. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. 4. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 5. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. 6. Three or more Lara symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Tomb Bonus Game Rules 1. Three or more Idol symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the Tomb bonus game. 2. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not activate the bonus game. 3. You can win up to 2 500 coins. 4. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. 5. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. 6. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. 7. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. 8. The Tomb bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. 9. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 10. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules 1. Three or more Lara symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. 2. You are awarded ten free spins. 3. All wins are tripled during the free spins. 4. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 5. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. 6. The Tomb bonus game can be activated during the free spins. 7. The Tomb bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. 8. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. 9. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules 1. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. 2. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 3. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. 4. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. 5. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. 6. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. 7. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. 8. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 9. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 10. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. 11. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] Wild Symbol The Tomb Raider symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: · Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. · Does not substitute for the Idol symbol. · Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. [top] Scatter Symbol The Lara symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. [top] Tomb Bonus Game Three or more Idol symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the Tomb bonus game. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. In this game: You can win up to 2 500 coins. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Twelve idols are displayed. Behind each idol is a random bonus win amount. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Tomb bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. To play the bonus game: 1. Click idols. Random bonus amounts are revealed. 2. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. [top] Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Lara symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Lara symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Tomb bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Tomb bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. How do I play the Free Spins bonus game? 1. Click Start Free Spins . The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. 2. The free spins are complete. Your total bonus win amount is counted in the bonus Win box. 3. You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click Options . Click Lines arrow buttons to select the number of paylines you want to bet. 2. Select the number of coins you want to bet per payline. How? Click Options . Click Coins arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet per payline. 3. Select the coin size you want to bet. How? Click Options . Click Coin Size arrow buttons to select the coin size you want to bet. You can also select the Bet increase ( + ) and decrease ( - ) buttons in the game to select your total bet per spin. 4. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020