Treasure Skyland Welcome to Treasure Skyland, a video slot featuring Wild symbols and Feature Reel with 2-34X Multiplier, Symbols-to-Wild feature, Symbol Upgrade feature, Win Extend feature, and Pick Bonus. Game Rules Treasure Skyland is a video slot with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 20 lines. Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. All feature payouts are awarded when the feature is complete. Wild symbol Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols can land only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Feature Reel During every spin in the game, a Feature Frame will move and stop at random over any symbol on reels 2, 3, and 4. If the spin results in a win and if one or more winning paylines runs through the Feature Frame, a Feature Reel will appear on the leftmost side of the screen. Any winning paylines that run through the Feature Frame are referred to as “triggering paylines.” The Feature Reel will spin and stop randomly on a feature. The features are 2-3-4X Multiplier, Symbols-to-Wild feature, Symbol Upgrade feature, Win Extend feature, and Pick Bonus. The Feature Reel will trigger only once per game round. 2-3-4X Multiplier feature The wins on the triggering paylines are multiplied by 2X, 3X, or 4X. Symbols-to-Wild feature All winning symbols on the triggering paylines will turn into Wild symbols. Symbol Upgrade feature The symbols on the triggering paylines are upgraded, up to three higher value symbols according to the PAYTABLE until the highest paying combination is achieved. Wild symbols cannot be upgraded further. Win Extend feature All triggering paylines will have Wild symbol added to extend the win(s). If the triggering payline is a 3-symbol win, then either 1 or 2 Wild symbol will be added. If the triggering payline is a 4-symbol win, only one Wild symbol will be added. This feature cannot be triggered on a 5-symbol win. Pick Bonus feature The feature begins with 5 picks and 15 items, each item awards a prize upon being picked. Cash prizes include 0.5x, 1x, 2x or 5x total bet. Some items may award an extra pick, in addition to a prize. The Prize Map has 15 steps and the last 7 steps award additional cash prizes. With each pick, the indicator on the Prize Map will ascend one step towards the final prize. If there are no picks remaining, the feature ends. The total win multiplier is calculated by adding all of the multipliers revealed in the picked items plus the multiplier highlighted on the Prize Map (if any). The Pick Bonus win is calculated by multiplying the win multiplier by the total bet. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation TREASURE SKYLAND TREASURE SKYLAND FEATURE FRAME FEATURE FRAME FEATURE REEL FEATURE REEL 2-3-4X MULTIPLIER 2-3-4X MULTIPLIER SYMBOL UPGRADE SYMBOL UPGRADE WIN EXTEND WIN EXTEND SYMBOLS-TO-WILD SYMBOLS-TO-WILD PICK BONUS PICK BONUS PRIZE MAP PRIZE MAP PICKS LEFT PICKS LEFT WILD WILD BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.18%. Game Controls Game Keypad Item/Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item/Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings • Open the Advanced Settings menu. • Turn Quick Spin on or off. • Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Item/Description Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000