The Smashing Biscuit About The Smashing Biscuit The Smashing Biscuit is a video slot with five (5) reels by three (3) rows and twenty (20) fixed paylines. The game features: Regular low and high value symbols Wild symbol Random Dad Bonus Win Multiplier Unique Battle of the Bands Free Spins game with retriggering Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are Game Rules General Pressing the spin button will start one (1) play with the selected Auto-play will execute the number of plays selected in the auto-play settings with the selected bet immediately after pressing the ACTIVATE auto-play button. Auto-play can be stopped at any time. Auto-play will stop when either the loss or win limits are reached, or when entering the free spins A play is considered in progress until the reels have stopped spinning except in the event the Battle of the Bands free spins game is triggered in which case the play is considered in progress until the free spins game has Bets cannot be altered while a play is in The game does not show a result for a play without a All wins are presented and paid out in the selected Only the highest win per payline is In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered Regular symbols The paylines pay left-to-right All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the All pay line wins during a play are added and presented at the end of the Wild symbol The Wild symbol appears on reels one (1) , two (2) , four (4) and five (5) only. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spins symbol. Random Dad Bonus The random Dad bonus may trigger a win, a multiplier increase, or a Battle of the Bands free spins Only one (1) random Dad bonus may be triggered during a Multiplier Feature A winning play will increment the multiplier by one (1) after the play result has been displayed. The multiplier will be applied to the total win of the following play. If the following play does not result in a win then the multiplier will decrease by one (1) , down to a minimum value of x1 . However, if the following play results in another win then the multiplier is applied to the win and the multiplier again increases by one (1) , up to a maximum value of x11 . The multiplier is not increased by a free spins scatter win, and is not applied to the free spins game winnings. The multiplier is linked to the current bet, and will be saved when the bet is adjusted. Battle of the Bands Free Spins Scatter Symbol The Battle of the Bands symbol is a scatter symbol that can appear on reels one (1) , three (3) and five (5) only. Three (3) of these symbols will trigger the Battle of the Bands free spins game with free spins and payouts according to the paytable. Battle of the Bands Free Spins game The Battle of the Bands free spins game has four (4) reels by three (3) rows and twenty (20) paylines. The paylines pay left-to-right only. The game begins with eleven (11) free spins. If any of the high value symbols are involved in a win, all instances of that symbol will become wild for the remainder of the game. Additional free spins will be triggered if the Free Spins symbol appears in view. The game ends once there are no more free spins. Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the Multiple achievements can be unlocked on a single Some achievements can only be unlocked in the base game, while others can only be unlocked in the free spins The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Game Controls Item Description Bet button Opens the bet menu. · Allows you to choose your total bet once the bet menu is open. Wallet Displays your Casino balance. Last Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Replaces the spin button once a spin is started. Pressing it displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Opens the AutoPlay options menu where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options in the autoplay menu. Tell me more about AutoPlay Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view the game pay table. Tell me more about game options Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.01% . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000