The Twisted Circus About The Twisted Circus The Twisted Circus is a 5 reel and 243 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbols Bonus scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Circus Match bonus game General All 243 pay ways are permanently The bet size is the total number of credits bet per A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 30 bet multiplier = 3 total credits bet per The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot Regular payouts depend on the total bet per Wild, multiplier symbol During the regular game, this symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 3. During the free spins, this symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 9. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter This symbol creates its own winning These payouts are not multiplied. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Bonus scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to This symbol only appears on reels 3, 4 and This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild Scatter payouts depend on your total Page last updated on 21/08/2018 Free Spins bonus game All wins are tripled during the free spins except for Circus Match bonus game wins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the free Page last updated on 21/08/2018 Circus Match bonus game You choose objects to try and match If you find three wild symbols you are paid out for all The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet Only the bonus win amount is displayed. This bonus game can be activated during the free Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click a bet Click and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Click your AutoPlay Click Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.36%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet Size Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Last modification date: 3/6/2023