Temple Cash Frogs 'n Flies TEMPLE Cash Frogs'nFlies is a 4x5 reel, 1024 ways game. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing and the Autoplay button changes to Stop button and displays on top the remaining number of spins. Tapping/Clicking on the same will stop the Autoplay. Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings 1. Coin Size You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. 2. Coins Bet Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per way. Coins Bet differ between games. 3. Total Bet Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Bet multiplier). 4. Spins You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. 5. Win Limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. 6. Loss Limit Stop spins if Autoplay exceeds the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tapping/Clicking on the Stop button will not influence the results of the Spin. Bet Controls Clicking/tapping on Coin stack will open the Bet Settings Panel. On Base game, clicking on (+) or (-) will also open the Bet Settings Panel. Also, player can directly change Bet Level and Coin Value from (+) or (-) buttons. [Important: This option is only available for desktop version] On Bet Settings Panel, click/tap (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet under Bet Level meter. On Bet Settings Panel, click/tap (+) or (-) to select the size of coin you want to bet under Coin Value meter. Bonus symbol is a Bonus symbol. 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols scattered anywhere award 5, 10 or 20 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. Bonus symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Example: Game A has the following criteria: 5 Bonus symbols scattered anywhere on the reels complete a winning Bonus combination and award 20 Free Spin Bonus round. Bonus wins are added to Free Spins win and pay ways win. If you have Bonus win and pay ways win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Bonus symbol does not need to appear on a payway to win. If your total bet is 0.48 credits per spin, your coins bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.48 credits / 48 = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable). You spin the reels. One Bonus symbol appears on each of the reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 in any reel position. So, your Bonus wins will come as (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable for 5 Bonus symbols win) = (0.01 credits * 5000 coins) = 50.00 credits. Free Spin Bonus is a Bonus symbol. 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols scattered anywhere award 5, 10 or 20 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. All bets and pay ways played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus wins are added to pay ways and Bonus wins. Free Spins can be retriggered. During Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols will award 5, 10 or 20 additional Free Spins respectively. Example: You spin the reels on total bet of 0.48 credits. So, your coins bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.48 credits / 48 = 0.01 credits. 5 scattered Bonus symbols on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 trigger the Free Spin Bonus round. 5 Bonus symbols win would be (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable for 5 Bonus symbols win) = (0.01 credits * 5000 coins) = 50.00 credits. Player is awarded 20 Free Spins. On first Free Spin, 5 Nine symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. This completes a 5 Nine symbols win. So, total Nine symbols win = (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable for 5 Nine symbols win) = (0.01 credits * 50 coins) = 0.50 credits. On second Free Spin, 4 Ten symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5, Wild Fly symbol appears on reel 3. As Wild Fly symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol so, this completes 5 Ten symbols win. So, total Ten symbols win = (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable for 5 Ten symbols win) = (0.01 credits * 50 coins) = 0.50 credits. You do not have any winning combination in further Free Spins, so your total Free Spins win would be 0.50 credits + 0.50 credits = 1.00 credits. As the Bonus wins are added to Free Spins win, so your total payout is 50.00 credits + 1.00 credits = 51.00 credits. General All 1024 pay ways are permanently enabled. A fixed bet multiplier of 40 plus an ante bet of 8 that is total bet multiplier of 48 applies per spin. Your total bet is dependent on the Bet level and Coin value played. Total bet = Bet multiplier * Bet level * Coin value. If you have a winning combination on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on the pay way. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right, starting from the first slot reel except Bonus which pays any. Highest win paid per winning combination. All wins are multiplied by the coins bet i.e. all wins are multiplied by Bet level and Coin value, including Bonus. Coins bet = (Coin value * Bet level). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in coins. Your total payout is calculated as (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable). So, if your total bet is 0.48 credits per spin, your coins bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.48 credits / 48 = 0.01 credits. For example, a 5 of a kind win of Fish symbol is calculated as (0.01 credits * 1000 coins) = 10.00 credits. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Keyboard Shortcut On Tapping/Clicking the Spin button, reels will start spinning and button changes to Stop button. Tapping/Clicking the Stop button will stop the reels. Spin/Stop button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Disclaimer: This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.96%. Temple Jackpot Bonus is a Pyramid symbol. Temple Jackpot Bonus is triggered from 3 Pyramid symbols landing from one spin. Pyramid symbols will appear on the thin reel separators of reels 2, 3 and 4 only. The triggering of the Temple Jackpot Bonus is not dependent on the total bet. Bonus consists of 6 Challenge levels and a Jackpot level. Size of Total Bet increases your chance of reaching a Jackpot or increases the Jackpot Prizes. For each Challenge level choose one of the remaining stones presented. Each stone will either reveal a Prize, a ( ⇧ ) (either of which advances you to the next level) or a(). If () is revealed, a life is lost and another choice may be made from that level. If all 6 levels are completed successfully, you enter the Jackpot level. When in the Jackpot level, choose coins to reveal Mini, Major or Grand. Match 3 of a kind to win that respective Jackpot. The bonus round ends if a total of 3 () are revealed, or you receive a Jackpot Prize. The Prize awarded during the Temple Jackpot Bonus levels and the Jackpot Prize is already multiplied with total Bet. Temple Jackpot Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Spins. Awards the Grand Jackpot. Awards the Major Jackpot. Awards the Minor Jackpot. is the real symbol used in game play. And ( ) is just a textual representation of the real symbol. is the real symbol used in game play. And ( ⇧ ) is just a textual representation of the real. Wild symbol Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbol. Wild Frog symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 during Base Game and Free Spins. Wild Fly symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Free Spins only. Example: Game A has the following criteria: Wild Frog symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol to complete winning combinations. Winning combination pay out from left to right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from second, third, fourth or fifth reel does not pay out. Only highest winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If your total bet is 0.48 credits per spin, your coins bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.48 credits / 48 = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable). You spin the reels. 4 Fish symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 5, Wild Frog symbol appears on reel 4. As Wild Frog symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol so, this completes 5 Fish symbols win. So, your total payout amount will come as (coins bet * values displayed on the paytable for 5 Fish symbols win) = (0.01 credits * 1000 coins) = 10.00 credits. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020