Terminator 2 About Terminator 2™ Terminator 2™ is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways in the regular slot game. 1024 permanently enabled pay ways in the Free Spins bonus game. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A T-800 Vision bonus game. A Paytable Achievements feature. [top] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. Hot Mode may be randomly activated on trigger. In Hot Mode, wins are more frequent. If the T-1000 symbol appears on the reels, it transforms to complete the highest possible pay for that spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. T-800 Vision Bonus Feature Payouts The T-800 Vision bonus feature is randomly activated after any non winning spin. Any Terminator , John Connor , T-1000 , Sarah Connor or T-800 symbols appearing on the reels are targeted. All targeted symbols pay a bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. [top] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. 2. All 1 024 pay ways are permanently enabled in the Free Spins bonus game. 3. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. 4. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. 5. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The T2 symbol is a wild symbol. 2. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 3. Does not substitute for the T-1000 symbol in the Free Spins bonus game. 4. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. 5. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules 1. The Orb symbol is a scatter symbol. 2. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. 3. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. 4. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 5. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. 6. Three or more Orb symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. 7. During T-800 Vision , only one Orb symbol is needed to activate the Free Spins bonus game. T-800 Vision Bonus Feature Rules 1. The T-800 Vision bonus feature is randomly activated after any non winning spin. 2. Any Terminator , John Connor , T-1000 , Sarah Connor or T-800 symbols appearing on the reels are targeted. 3. All targeted symbols pay a bonus win amount. 4. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. 5. During T-800 Vision , only one Orb symbol is needed to activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules 1. Three or more Orb symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. 2. During T-800 Vision , only one Orb symbol is needed to activate the Free Spins bonus game. 3. You are awarded ten free spins. 4. Hot Mode may be randomly activated on trigger. In Hot Mode, wins are more frequent. 5. If the T-1000 symbol appears on the reels, it transforms to complete the highest possible pay for that spin. 6. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 7. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. 8. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 9. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules 1. All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled in the regular slot game. 2. All 1 024 pay ways are permanently enabled in the Free Spins bonus game. 3. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. 4. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. 5. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. 6. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. 7. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. 8. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. 9. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. 10. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. 11. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. 12. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 13. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 14. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. 15. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] Wild Symbol The T2 symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the T-1000 symbol in the Free Spins bonus game. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Note: If a wild symbol substitutes in a winning combination, this win is not logged as an achievement. [top] Scatter Symbol The Orb symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. During T-800 Vision , only one scatter is needed to activate the Free Spins bonus game. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. [top] T-800 Vision Bonus Feature The T-800 Vision bonus feature is randomly activated after any non winning spin. In this game: Any Terminator , John Connor , T-1000 , Sarah Connor or T-800 symbols appearing on the reels are targeted. All targeted symbols pay a bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. During T-800 Vision , only one Orb symbol is needed to activate the Free Spins bonus game. [top] Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Orb symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. During T-800 Vision , only one Orb symbol is needed to activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. Hot Mode may be randomly activated on trigger. In Hot Mode, wins are more frequent. If the T-1000 symbol appears on the reels, it transforms to complete the highest possible pay for that spin. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. [top] Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game and the Free Spins bonus game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild symbol. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play 1. Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Change from coins to credits Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. View my win history You can view your most recent wins. Recent wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. 1. Click the Win box. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Turn on Expert mode 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. Play an AutoPlay session 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Learn about game options Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image Change game options. Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . Last modification date: 1/31/2017