The Great Albini About The Great Albini is a video slot played on a 5x3 grid and 25 paylines oriented from left to right. The slot features a Wild symbol, Mystery Box Respin and Free Spins with Lily feature. Some features and options may not be available in the game you are playing, which ensures compliance with the regulations. For example, the Autoplay feature may not be available due to compliance matters. Playing the Game The game is played on a 5x3 grid and 25 paylines in base game and 5x6 grid and 50 paylines in Free Spins game. The bet level is set using the bet selector. Through setting bets and clicking on the Spin button, the player needs to get symbols to match from left to right on a slot machine. Winning will be awarded according to the paytable. All winning combinations are left to right on a pay line. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. The sum of win amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to the balance. The Mystery Box Respin is activated when a stack of Mystery Box symbols lands covering the entire middle reel in the base game. Landing the Free Spins symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 activates 12 Free Spins. When the Lily Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 or 4 and covers the entire reel, the Lily feature is activated. The Mystery Box Respin and Free Spins with Lily feature are played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Payouts The game is played on a 5x3 grid and 25 paylines in base game. The game is played on a 5x6 grid and 50 paylines in Free Spins. Winning will be awarded according to the paytable. All winning combinations are left to right on a payline. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. The sum of win amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to the balance. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the Casino server or Internet: If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the Casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game are displayed when you return to the game. Wild The Wild symbol appears on reels 2-5. The Wild symbol can substitute for any symbol except the Mystery Box, Free Spins and Lily Wild symbols. Mystery Box Respin The Mystery Box Respin activates when a full stack of Mystery Box symbols lands on the middle reel. 3 respins are awarded with all Mystery Box symbols locked in place. Any additional Mystery Box symbols that land are locked in place until the end of the feature. Whenever 1 or more Mystery Box symbols land, the number of remaining respins will be set back to 3. The respin will continue until no new Mystery Box symbols land, or the whole reel area is filled with Mystery symbols. Once the respin is complete, Mystery Boxes symbols will reveal. The Mystery Box symbols are all replaced with a random symbol and any line wins are paid out. Mystery Symbols can reveal any symbol except Wild and Free Spins symbols. Mystery Box Respin is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Free Spins Free Spins are played on a 5x6 grid and 50 paylines. Landing the Free Spins symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 activates 12 Free Spins. The Free Spins symbol is a symbol block of 3x3 symbols. The Free Spins symbol always lands fully covering the reels. Free Spins continue until no free spins remain. During the Free Spins game, the Lily feature could be triggered. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. No Mystery Box symbols appear during the Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Lily feature When the Lily Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 or 4 and covers the entire reel, the Lily feature is activated. All wins are multiplied 2x. The Lily Wild symbol behaves the same as standard Wild. The Lily Wild symbol is locked during the respin. The Lily Wild symbol awards respins. Only one Lily Wild symbol may appear on reels simultaneously. The respins continue until a non-winning spin occurs. The number of Free Spins remaining does not drop during the respin feature. Bonus Box feature The Bonus Box can instantly trigger Free Spins with the Lily feature. Select 8, 10, or 12 spins to buy. The feature will function the same as Free Spins activated with Free Spins symbols. Feature price: 8 Free Spins – 100 times bet 10 Free Spins – 125 times bet 12 Free Spins – 150 times bet Autoplay You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the number of spins to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Autoplay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Custom settings: Loss limit Stop the session if the number of credits decreases past the amount selected. Custom settings: Single win limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Click Autoplay . This button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click the Start Autoplay button to begin your Autoplay session. Game Controls Menu: Toggles the menu display. Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds. Volume setup available in the menu. Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout round. Balance: Displays your account balance. Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the number of spins to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Stop (a button with a rounded rectangle): Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game round. Return to Player (RTP) This game has an RTP of 96.66%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020