Alchemist's Gold The Alchemist's Gold is a 5x4 reel, forty fixed payline slot game. General Game has fixed 40 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins Bet). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Regular Heart symbol which is 0.60 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.60 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.60 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 40 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 40 credits / 40 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in the paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The theoretical percentage return to player is 96.02%. Scatter Symbol 5, 4, 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 20, 15 or 10 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * total bet). For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in the paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by the total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol Alchemist symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild symbol appears only on reel 2 and 4 during base game and Free Spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Mystery Feature Each reel contains a stack of Mystery positions which are replaced by a game symbol except Wild and Scatter during each reel spin. Alchemist Feature Alchemist symbol is a Wild symbol. During base game, anytime a full stack of Wild symbols appears on reel 2 and/or reel 4, the Alchemist may appear and convert all the other symbols to Gold and game will pay according to the Gold paytable. All pays are evaluated after the Alchemist Feature. Free Spin Bonus 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 20, 15 or 10 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers two options to the player out of which the player can choose any one. All Gold Free Spins Easy Feature Free Spins All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus wins are added to payline and Scatter wins. All Gold Free Spins 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 20, 15 or 10 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers two options to the player out of which the player can choose any one. All Gold Free Spins Easy Feature Free Spins During All Gold Free Spins, all the awarded Free Spins pay according to the Gold paytable. Alchemist Feature will not occur during All Gold Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels will award 20, 15 or 10 additional Free Spins respectively. Easy Feature Free Spins 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 20, 15 or 10 Free Spin Bonus round respectively. Free Spin Bonus offers two options to the player out of which the player can choose any one. All Gold Free Spins Easy Feature Free Spins During Easy Feature Free Spins, whenever any Wild symbol appears on reel 2 and/or reel 4, it will expand to make the whole reel Wild and convert all other symbols into Gold. Game pays according to the Gold paytable for that spin. Free Spins can be retriggered. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere on the reels will award 20, 15 or 10 additional Free Spins respectively. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size: You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet: Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet: Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Number of paylines). Spins: You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit: Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit: Stop spins if Autoplay exceed the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop: Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020