The Dark Knight Rises About The Dark Knight Rises The Dark Knight Rises is a five reel and one hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A wild symbol. An expanding wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Fight Mode feature. A Symbol Scramble feature. A Free Spins bonus game. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. Any additional free spins and multiplier value awarded during the Fight Mode feature are added to the free spins and multiplier value awarded. All wins displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your weighted average bet. The weighted average bet is calculated from the bets placed on spins that activated the Fight Mode feature where you were awarded additional free spins and multiplier values. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Fight Mode feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. The Symbol Scramble feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. You can play one of two bonus games. The bonus games are: Bane Rolling Reels feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. Super Stacked Wilds This feature is unlocked when you activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times. The The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol is a wild symbol: Creates a wild symbol stack. Only appears on reels 2 and 4. Batman Extra Wild Blast You choose a symbol as an additional wild symbol during the free spins. Does not substitute for the Scatter Bonus symbol. Does not substitute for the The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Expanding Wild Symbol Rules The Special Wild symbol is an expanding wild symbol. Only appears on reel 3. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Scatter Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Scatter Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Fight Mode Feature Rules The Fight Mode feature randomly activates on any spin with no winning combinations. You are awarded a random number of free spins and free spin multiplier values. Batman and Bane fight. During the fight you are awarded a random number of free spins and free spin multiplier values. The additional free spins and multiplier value are added to the free spins and multiplier value awarded during the Free Spins bonus game. The Fight Mode feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Symbol Scramble Feature Rules The Symbol Scramble feature randomly activates on any spin with no winning combinations. All the symbols displayed on the reels move around into different positions to form different combinations. You are paid out for any new winning combinations that are formed as a result of the scramble. The Symbol Scramble feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Scatter Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded ten free spins. Any additional free spins and multiplier value awarded during the Fight Mode feature are added to the free spins and multiplier value awarded. You can play one of two bonus games. Each bonus game awards additional bonus features. You must activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times to unlock additional bonus features for the bonus games. The bonus games are: Bane Rolling Reels feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. Super Stacked Wilds This feature is unlocked when you activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times. The The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol is a wild symbol: Creates a wild symbol stack. Only appears on reels 2 and 4. Batman Extra Wild Blast You choose a symbol as an additional wild symbol during the free spins. Does not substitute for the Scatter Bonus symbol. Does not substitute for the The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol. Heat Seeking Wilds This feature is unlocked when you activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times. Random symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 are transformed into a wild symbol. The transformed wild symbols can split into two symbols creating more winning combinations. The split wild symbols can create a six of a kind winning symbol combination. A six of a kind winning symbol combination pays out double the win for a five of kind winning symbol combination. 8. All wins displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your weighted average bet. 9. The weighted average bet is calculated from the bets placed on spins that activated the Fight Mode feature where you were awarded additional free spins and multiplier values. 10. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 11. The Fight Mode feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. 12. The Symbol Scramble feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. 13. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. 14. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 5 coins per spin. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild Symbol The The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the expanding wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Expanding wild symbol The Special Wild symbol is an expanding wild symbol. This symbol: Only appears on reel 3. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol The Scatter Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. [ top ] Fight Mode Feature The Fight Mode feature randomly activates on any spin with no winning combinations. In this feature: You are awarded a random number of free spins and free spin multiplier values. Batman and Bane fight. During the fight you are awarded a random number of free spins and free spin multiplier values. The additional free spins and multiplier value are added to the free spins and multiplier value awarded during the Free Spins bonus game. The Fight Mode feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Symbol Scramble Feature The Symbol Scramble feature randomly activates on any spin with no winning combinations. In this feature: All the symbols displayed on the reels move around into different positions to form different combinations. You are paid out for any new winning combinations that are formed as a result of the scramble. The Symbol Scramble feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Scatter Bonus symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. Any additional free spins and multiplier value awarded during the Fight Mode feature are added to the free spins and multiplier value awarded. You can play one of two bonus games. Each bonus game awards additional bonus features. You must activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times to unlock additional bonus features for the bonus games. All wins displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your weighted average bet. The weighted average bet is calculated from the bets placed on spins that activated the Fight Mode feature where you were awarded additional free spins and multiplier values. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Fight Mode feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. The Symbol Scramble feature cannot activate during the Free Spins bonus game. The bonus games are: Bane Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. Super Stacked Wilds This feature is unlocked when you activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times. The The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol is a wild symbol: Creates a wild symbol stack. Only appears on reels 2 and 4. Batman Extra Wild Blast You choose a symbol as an additional wild symbol during the free spins. Does not substitute for the Scatter Bonus symbol. Does not substitute for the The Dark Knight Rises Logo symbol Heat Seeking Wilds This feature is unlocked when you activate the Free Spins bonus game ten times. Random symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 are transformed into a wild symbol. The transformed wild symbols can split into two symbols creating more winning combinations. The split wild symbols can create a six of a kind winning symbol combination. A six of a kind winning symbol combination pays out double the win for a five of kind winning symbol combination. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020