Treasures of Lion City About Treasures of Lion City Treasures of Lion City is a five reel and twenty-five payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Win Meter feature Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. General Your total bet per spin is dependent on the bet size multiplied by the bet value. The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combinations. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol creates its own winning combinations. This symbol substitutes for all other symbols to complete win. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. Regular winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Regular wins are automatically collected during the feature. Win Meter feature This feature is available during the Rolling Reels™ feature only. On every alternate rolling reels win you are awarded a bonus on the Win Meter bar. This feature has two bonus types, Symbol Turn Wild and Win Multiplier. The Symbol Turn Wild bonus, transforms high symbols into wild symbols. After the feature has ended all transformed wilds revert to the original symbol. The Win Multiplier bonus, multiplies your subsequent wins by the bonus multiplier value. Only the highest multiplier value is awarded. The win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. (missing or bad snippet) Regular wins are automatically collected during the feature. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.20%. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Max Bet button Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the bet size and the bet value to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tell me more about game options AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Tell me more about AutoPlay AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Paytable button Displays the game payout tables. Menu button Displays the game settings. Tell me more about game options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Bet Size Selects the bet size you want to bet. Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000