The Incredible Balloon Machine About The Incredible Balloon Machine™ The Incredible Balloon Machine™ is a completely new game mechanic that includes: Inflation Of Balloon That Increases Credit Amount Multiplier Feature Pick Bonus Game Rules General Hold down the spin button to inflate the balloon. Once a wager is placed an initial credit amount may appear on the balloon, a bonus balloon may appear, or the balloon may pop. Initial credit amount range: 10 * bet multiplier - 150 * bet multiplier If an initial credit amount appears, holding the spin button may inflate the balloon further and increase the credit amount, detach the balloon and award the credit amount, or pop the balloon. Credit amount increase range: 5% - 7303% Press collect at any time during a game before the balloon pops to collect the credit amount on the balloon. The game concludes when a credit is awarded or collected, the pick bonus concludes, or the balloon pops. Total base game win: initial credit amount x (100% + credit amount increase). All credit amounts are multiplied by the current bet multiplier. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, 0.40 credits bet per spin = 0.40 / 0.20 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Uncollected credit amounts will be automatically collected if the game is interrupted. Multiplier Feature If an initial credit amount appears, the Multiplier Feature can randomly trigger. When the multiplier feature is triggered, any awarded or collected credit amount is multiplied by up to 10 times and the game concludes. Pick Bonus If a bonus balloon appears the pick bonus may be awarded or the balloon may pop. The pick bonus consists of up to 8 rounds of balloons for selection. Each round presents 5 balloons containing credit awards or 2x multipliers. Select a balloon to award its prize. If a 2x multiplier is selected the current cumulative bonus total is multiplied by 2 times. Balloons may also contain an advance or complete icon. If advance is selected, the current bonus round concludes and the next round begins. If a complete is selected, the current bonus round concludes and the bonus concludes. Credit awards are multiplied by the bonus bet multiplier. The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonus triggering game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements Feature Note : This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting specific in-game goals. Achievements are highlighted on game goals with a checkmark. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game and inflates the balloon. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Collect button Collects the balloon credit amount. This can be triggered by the "c" key if it is available. Info button Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. Settings Toggle sounds and left-hand console mode (these options may not be available). Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. Tutorial Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Responsible Gaming Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay automatically holds the Spin button down. RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases by more than the amount selected. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. Note : This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.75%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020