The Sand Princess The Sand Princess is a 5x3 reel, thirty fixed payline slot game. General Scatter symbol Wild symbol Sand Princess Feature Free Spin Bonus Random Multiplier Free Spins Wild Reel Free Spins Random Wilds Free Spins All Features Free Spins Autoplay General Game has fixed 30 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins Bet). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.30 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.30 credits / 30 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Queen which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 30 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 30 credits / 30 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The theoretical percentage return to player is 96.05%. Scatter symbol Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. Scatter symbol can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during base game only. Completes a winning Scatter combination when three Scatter symbols appear on the reels. 3 Scatter symbols trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * total bet). For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol Sand Princess symbol is a Wild symbol. Full stack of Sand Princess appears only on reel 3 during base game and Free Spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Sand Princess Feature Sand Princess symbol is a Wild symbol. Sand Princess Feature is triggered when a full stack of Sand Princess symbol appears on reel 3 during base game. All pays are evaluated after the Sand Princess Feature. During Sand Princess Feature, player is awarded one of the below features randomly: 1. Multiplier A random multiplier of 2x, 3x or 4x will be awarded. 2. Random Wild Symbols on Reels Sand Princess converts few of the random symbols into Wild to award larger win combinations. 3. Wild Reel One of the reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 becomes Wild. 4. Royal Reward Player will be awarded a random amount which is already multiplied by bet per line. Free Spin Bonus Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus offers four different options out of which the player can choose any one. Random Multiplier Free Spins Wild Reel Free Spins Random Wilds Free Spins All Features Free Spins All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus wins are added to payline and Scatter wins. Random Multiplier Free Spins Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus offers four different options out of which the player can choose any one. Random Multiplier Free Spins Wild Reel Free Spins Random Wilds Free Spins All Features Free Spins Player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During Random Multiplier Free Spins, a random multiplier of 2x, 3x or 4x is awarded on every spin. Any resulting wins are multiplied by the awarded multiplier. Random Multiplier Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Wild Reel Free Spins Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus offers four different options out of which the player can choose any one. Random Multiplier Free Spins Wild Reel Free Spins Random Wilds Free Spins All Features Free Spins Player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During Wild Reel Free Spins, a Wild stack on reel 3 turns one of the other reels Wild. Feature happens with higher frequency. Wild Reel Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Random Wilds Free Spins Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus offers four different options out of which the player can choose any one. Random Multiplier Free Spins Wild Reel Free Spins Random Wilds Free Spins All Features Free Spins Player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During Random Wilds Free Spins, few of the reel positions may be turned into Wild randomly at the end of reel spin. Random Wilds Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. All Features Free Spins Bonus symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 scattered Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Free Spin Bonus offers four different options out of which the player can choose any one. Random Multiplier Free Spins Wild Reel Free Spins Random Wilds Free Spins All Features Free Spins Player is awarded 10 Free Spins. During All Features Free Spins, one of the Free Spins features - Random Multiplier Free Spins, Wild Reel Free Spins or Random Wilds Free Spins will be randomly awarded on each spin. All Features Free spins cannot be re-triggered. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value of 11 Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size: You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet :Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet :Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Number of paylines). Spins :You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit :Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit :Stop spins if Autoplay exceed the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop: Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Keyboard Shortcut • Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. RTP is 96.05% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020