Tiki Vikings About Tiki Vikings Welcome to Tiki Vikings, a video slot featuring Symbol Lock Re-spin and Symbol Upgrade. Game Rules General Tiki Vikings is a video slot with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 20 lines. Win on a line pays if 3 or more of the same symbol appear in succession, from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Symbols J, Q, K, and A pays out immediately when a win occurs. A win with any other symbol will start the Symbol Lock Re-spin. Symbol Lock Re-spin If any symbol except for J, Q, K or A produce a win, those symbols will lock and a Re- spin will be awarded. Any additional symbols that are identical to the winning symbols will also be locked. After a Re-spin, if more symbols of a locked type or other winning symbols that are not J, Q, K, and A have landed, then these symbols are locked and another Re-spin is awarded. With every spin that results in at least one symbol lock, the Symbol Upgrade meter on the side of the screen will increase by one step. When the Symbol Upgrade meter is full, the Symbol Upgrade feature will trigger. The Re-spin feature will end when no additional Re-spins are awarded or when all symbols on the screen are locked. A payout with locked symbols occurs only after the Re-spins are complete. Symbols J, Q, K, and A pays out immediately when a win occurs. Symbol Upgrade When the Symbol Upgrade meter is full, all locked symbols will upgrade to the next, more valuable symbol according to the PAYTABLE and the meter will reset. The highest value symbol cannot be upgraded. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation TIKI VIKINGS TIKI VIKINGS SYMBOL LOCK RE-SPIN SYMBOL LOCK RE-SPIN SYMBOL UPGRADE SYMBOL UPGRADE BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn quick spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.01%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2020