Treasure Heroes General The objective of the game is to spin the reels so identical symbols form a winning combination on win clusters (either vertically or horizontally adjacent). The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. The selected bet size multiplied by 20 equals the TOTAL BET for this game round. All payout tables display the credits that are won for each combination. At least 6 identical adjacent symbols (a win cluster) trigger a winning combination. 2 Free Spins Scatter Symbols result in exactly 10 TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS and trigger the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE. The game is played with credits. The win amounts in the paytable will be displayed in credits as well. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. If you have a winning combination formed by a win clusters, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular Symbols Regular Symbols are all symbols on the reels that complete a regular winning combination in win clusters except the Wild Symbol and the Free Spins Scatter Symbol. Regular Symbol rules: Win clusters are groups of the same symbols which are adjacent either vertically or horizontally. Win clusters consisting of 6 or more same symbols are a winning combination. The bet is multiplied by a fixed multiplier of 20 to determine the total bet per spin. All wins are calculated per win clusters with your selected bet (and not with the total bet). Wild Symbol This is the Wild Symbol. Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol acts as a Wild Symbol on reels 1-5 during the main game. This symbol does not substitute for the Free Spins Scatter Symbol. Fixed Wild Symbol This is the fixed Wild Symbol. Fixed Wild Symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. During the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE, the symbols "Magician" and "Warrior" will turn randomly into fixed Wilds. The fixed Wilds remain in the same position during the remaining Free Spins. This symbol does not substitute for the Free Spins Scatter Symbol. Free Spins Scatter Symbol This is the Free Spins Scatter Symbol. Free Spins Scatter Symbol rules: This symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Symbol. 2 Free Spins Scatter Symbols result in exactly 10 TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS and trigger the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE. During the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE no additional Free Spins can be won. MOVING WALL FEATURE MOVING WALL FEATURE rules: Any winning combination will trigger the MOVING WALL FEATURE. Achieved wins are paid out. In the vertical movement phase reels 1 and 5 are randomly moved up or down by 2 fields, reel 3 is moved in the opposite direction, empty fields will be filled with new symbols. In the horizontal movement phase row 1 and 5 are randomly moved left or right by 2 fields, row 3 is moved in the opposite direction, empty fields will be filled with new symbols. The MOVING WALL FEATURE is repeated as long as there is any winning combination on the reels. TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE During the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE, the symbols "Magician" and "Warrior" will turn randomly into fixed Wilds. The fixed Wilds remain in the same position during the remaining Free Spins. TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE rules: You are awarded 10 TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS. All the bets played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE. During the TREASURE CHAMBER FREE SPINS FEATURE no additional Free Spins can be won. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.12%. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. CREDITS Displays your available money per spin. TOTAL BET Displays your total bet amount per spin. LINES Displays the amount played lines per spin. WAYS Displays the amount of played ways per spin. MULTIPLIER Displays the value used to calculate the total bet. WIN Displays your most recent wins. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Item Description Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin (activatable inside the game settings). Skip button Skips events to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options (further information can be found in the AutoPlay rules). AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays different game settings and the game payout table. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay rules AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. You can choose the number of spins you want to play, by activating the AutoPlay button. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. The AutoPlay Stop button stops AutoPlay at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. In certain markets the AutoPlay Feature will appear in a custom dialog box. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue AutoPlay until the stop button has been activated. This does not influence the results of the spin. Page 5 of 6 Copyright © Microgaming 2020 Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another Bonus Feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without using showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, your saved settings or the default settings. AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Change my bet amount Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options MAX BET Places the maximum bet permitted. BET Places the bet size you want to bet. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000