The Dark Knight About The Dark Knight The Dark Knight is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled pay ways. Regular symbol payout rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third,fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Wild symbol The Batman Logo symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Creates a wild symbol stack. Wild symbol substitution rules: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter symbol The Joker Logo symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: Two or more symbols must appear anywhere on the reels to create a win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Three or more Joker Logo symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Scatter symbol payout rules: Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Free Spins bonus game Three or more Joker Logo symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded fifteen free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. The Batman or Joker feature is available during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game rules: All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Progressive Jackpot bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Progressive Jackpot bonus game You can win one of four guaranteed progressive jackpots in the randomly activated Progressive Jackpot bonus game. In this game: A wheel divided into coloured segments is displayed. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Two arrows are displayed. One for Batman and one for Joker. Choose one arrow. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. Progressive Jackpot rules: The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. To view the current maximum progressive jackpot payout, or to see a list of recent winners, visit the official website: www.JackpotMadness.com . If you activate the Progressive Jackpot bonus game and the Free Spins bonus game, the Progressive Jackpot bonus game activates first. Then the Free Spins bonus game activates. Both bonus game wins are then added to your winnings. Progressive games are only available to real players. The value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in credits, not coins. When the progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets to a fixed minimum value. All progressive winnings are subject to final confirmation by the casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the Progressive value displayed in the game matches the value on the casino server. The progressive jackpot value on the server is used when the progressive jackpot is paid out. To view the current maximum progressive jackpot payout, or to see a list of recent winners, visit the official website: www.JackpotMadness.com . The progressive jackpot payout value is reviewed and increased periodically. The casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. Any change to the rules will be certified and authorised by the AAMS before being implemented. If the casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Batman or Joker feature The Batman or Joker feature is randomly activated during the regular slot game and the Free Spins bonus game. In this feature: After any spin is complete, either Batman or Joker are displayed and award you a random prize. The random prizes are: Extra Wild Symbols Random symbols are transformed into a wild symbol. Up to fifteen symbols can be transformed into wild symbols. Wild Reels Random reels are transformed into wild reels. Up to three reels are transformed into wild reels. Only reels 2, 3 and 4 can be transformed. Bonus Multiplier Value During the regular game: You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. Your total win amount is multiplied by the multiplier value you win. During the Free Spins bonus game: You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The multiplier value is added to the current free spins multiplier value. All wins during the free spins are multiplied by the multiplier value awarded. Random Bonus Win Amount You are awarded a random bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Held Reels If three Batman Logo symbols are stacked on reels 1 or 2, one of the reels are held. You are awarded one free spin. The reel is held in the same position for the free spin. Bonus Free Spins This prize is only awarded during the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to five extra free spins in the Free Spins bonus game. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. In this game: There are 243 pay ways. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play 1. Select your betting and payout mode. How? Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. 2. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin.In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Turn on Expert mode Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. Play an AutoPlay session Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Learn about game options Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays the game with or without a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. Change game options Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . Last modification date: 1/31/2017