Thunderstruck II About Thunderstruck II Thunderstruck II is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Wild Storm bonus game. A Great Hall of Spins bonus game. A Paytable Achievements feature. RTP is 97%. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Regular Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Great Hall of Spins Bonus Game Payouts You can play one of four bonus games. You must activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game a specific number of times to unlock three of the bonus games. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Valkyrie Bonus Game This bonus game is always unlocked. You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Loki Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game five times. You are awarded fifteen free spins. If a Wild Magic symbol is displayed on reel 3, up to fourteen regular symbols are transformed into wild symbols. There are no payouts for the Wild Magic symbol. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Odin Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game ten times. You are awarded twenty free spins. Any win activates the Wild Raven bonus feature. Random symbols are transformed into a wild, multiplier symbol. You are awarded up to a 6x multiplier value on the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Thor Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you have activated the Great Hall of Spins bonus game fifteen times. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 1, up to a 5x value. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Thunderstruck Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. These payouts are not multiplied. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Bonus Hammer symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Bonus Hammer symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game. Wild Storm Bonus Game Rules The Wild Storm bonus game is randomly activated during the regular slot game. Up to five reels are transformed into wild reels. The Thunderstruck Logo symbol and the Bonus Hammer symbol do not appear. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Great Hall of Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Bonus Hammer symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game. You can play one of four bonus games. You must activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game a specific number of times to unlock three of the bonus games. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Valkyrie Bonus Game This bonus game is always unlocked. You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Loki Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game five times. You are awarded fifteen free spins. If a Wild Magic symbol is displayed on reel 3, up to fourteen regular symbols are transformed into wild symbols. There are no payouts for the Wild Magic symbol. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Odin Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game ten times. You are awarded twenty free spins. Any win activates the Wild Raven bonus feature. Random symbols are transformed into a wild, multiplier symbol. You are awarded up to a 6x multiplier value on the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Thor Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you have activated the Great Hall of Spins bonus game fifteen times. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 1, up to a 5x value. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 7. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 8. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Thunderstruck Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. These payouts are not multiplied. Note: If a wild, multiplier symbol substitutes in a winning combination, this win is not logged as an achievement. Scatter Symbol The Bonus Hammer symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Great Hall of Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Wild Storm Bonus Game The Wild Storm bonus game is randomly activated during the regular slot game. In this game: Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. The Thunderstruck Logo symbol and the Bonus Hammer symbol do not appear. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Note: Wild Storm bonus game wins are logged as achievements. Great Hall of Spins Bonus Game Three or more Bonus Hammer symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game. In this game: You can play one of four bonus games. You must activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game a specific number of times to unlock three of the bonus games. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus games are: Valkyrie Bonus Game This bonus game is always unlocked. You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Bonus Hammer symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Loki Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game five times. You are awarded fifteen free spins. If a Wild Magic symbol is displayed on reel 3, up to fourteen regular symbols are transformed into wild symbols. There are no payouts for the Wild Magic symbol. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If two, three, four or five Bonus Hammer symbols are scattered on the reels during a free spin, you win one, two, three or four extra free spins respectively. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Odin Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you activate the Great Hall of Spins bonus game ten times. You are awarded twenty free spins. Any win activates the Wild Raven bonus feature. Random symbols are transformed into a wild, multiplier symbol. You are awarded up to a 6x multiplier value on the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Thor Bonus Game This game is unlocked when you have activated the Great Hall of Spins bonus game fifteen times. You are awarded twenty-five free spins. Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with a 2x multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The multiplier value increases by 1, up to a 5x value. The multiplier value resets to 1x when the cascading symbols do not form a winning combination. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. To play the bonus game: Choose a bonus game. The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. The free spins are complete. Your total bonus win amount is counted in the bonus Win box. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. [ top ] Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game and the Wild Storm bonus game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild, multiplier symbol. Great Hall of Spins bonus game wins. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . To increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins (+) or (-) . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020