Temple Quest About Temple Quest Temple Quest is a five reel, forty payline, and forty coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Mega Win symbol feature. A Chest of Fortune bonus game. A Treasure Temple bonus game. A Free Spins bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Chest of Fortune Bonus Game Payouts The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Chest of Fortune bonus game can activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Treasure Temple Bonus Game Payouts The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Treasure Temple bonus game can activate during the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to sixteen free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All forty paylines are permanently enabled. You can only bet one coin per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Mega Win Symbol Rules Mega Win symbols can cover 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 symbol spaces on the five reels. This can create more winning symbol combinations. If only part of the Mega Win symbol is displayed when the reels comes to a stop, it can complete winning combinations if the symbol lands on an enabled payline. There are two kinds of Mega Win symbols: Mega Win regular symbols complete regular winning combinations. They can be substituted by the wild symbol. Mega Win feature symbols trigger bonus games. The number of symbols spaces covered by the Mega Win Feature symbol determine the options available in the bonus game. Mega Win Feature symbols do not create their own winning combinations. They can not be substituted by the wild symbol. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Mega Win feature symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Chest of Fortune Bonus Game Rules A Treasure Chest symbol displayed the reels activates the Chest of Fortune bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Treasure Temple Bonus Game Rules A Princess symbol displayed on the reels activates the Treasure Temple bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. You unlock gems to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of keys you are awarded. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules A Free Spins symbol displayed on the reels activates the Free Spins bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. You are awarded up to sixteen free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 become one reel, displaying Mega Win symbols. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Chest of Fortune bonus game can activate during the free spins. The Treasure Temple bonus game can activate during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbols combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Mega Win feature symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Mega Win Symbols Mega Win symbols can cover 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 symbol spaces on the five reels. This can create more winning symbol combinations. If only part of the Mega Win symbol is displayed when the reels comes to a stop, it can complete winning combinations if the symbol lands on an enabled payline. There are two kinds of Mega Win symbols: Mega Win regular symbols complete regular winning combinations. They can be substituted by the wild symbol. Mega Win feature symbols trigger bonus games. The number of symbols spaces covered by the Mega Win Feature symbol determine the options available in the bonus game. Mega Win Feature symbols do not create their own winning combinations. They can not be substituted by the wild symbol. Chest of Fortune Bonus Game A Treasure Chest symbol displayed the reels activates the Chest of Fortune bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Treasure Temple Bonus Game A Princess symbol displayed on the reels activates the Treasure Temple bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol.| In this game: You unlock gems to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of keys you are awarded. Click Unlock to activate a key. You are awarded a random bonus win amount. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Free Spins symbol displayed on the reels activates the Free Spins bonus game. This symbol is a Mega Win feature symbol. In this game: You are awarded up to sixteen free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 become one reel, displaying Mega Win symbols. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Chest of Fortune bonus game can activate during the free spins. The Temple Treasure bonus game can activate during the free spins. The maximum win from a single win is £250,000 Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Chip Size (+) or (-) to select the chip size you want to bet. Click Chips Per Line (+) or (-) to select the number of chips you want to bet per payline. To bet the maximum number of chips permitted, click Bet Max. The number of chips bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin. The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Last modification date: 6/10/2020