Tomb Raider - Secret of the Sword About Tomb Raider - Secret of the Sword Tomb Raider - Secret of the Sword is a five reel, thirty payline, and three hundred coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Global Adventure bonus game. A Super Mode feature. [top] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The payout for each consecutive winning combination during the Free Spins bonus game is multiplied by increasing multiplier values. If no consecutive wins occur, the multiplier value resets to a 1x multiplier. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again at an increasing multiplier value. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Super Mode bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. The Global Adventure bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. Global Adventure Bonus Game Payouts You can win up to 135 000 coins in the bonus game. You can find: Random Bonus Win Amount All random bonus win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your weighted average bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The weighted average bet is calculated from the time the first Passport symbol is displayed on the centre position of a reel to activate the reel, until the Global Adventure bonus game is finally activated. Only the bonus win amount is displayed.k Hidden Treasure If you find the hidden treasure, you can win an additional prize. The prizes are: An additional random bonus win amount. A 2x multiplier value on the bonus win amount revealed. Activate the Shoot-out bonus game. Sword Fragment If you find a sword fragment, you win a random bonus win amount and you can choose another location. If you find all five sword fragments during your quest, you win an additional random bonus win amount. Trap If you reveal two traps in one location, the game ends. You win the previously accumulated wins per location. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Global Adventure bonus game cannot be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. You can bet up to ten coins per payline. 2. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The Portrait symbol is a wild symbol. 2. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 3. Does not substitute for the Excalibur Key symbol. 4. Does not substitute for the Passport symbol. 5. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. 6. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Excalibur Key symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Excalibur Key symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spin Bonus Game Rules Three or more Excalibur Key symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded ten free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The payout for each consecutive winning combination during the Free Spins bonus game is multiplied by increasing multiplier values. If no consecutive wins occur, the multiplier value resets to a 1x multiplier. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again at an increasing multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Super Mode bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. The Global Adventure bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Global Adventure Bonus Game Rules A Passport symbol displayed on the centre position of a reel, activates the reel. Activated reels are held and accumulated. When all five reels are activated, the Global Adventure bonus game is activated. You can win up to 135 000 coins in the bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Five locations are displayed. Each location contains six artefacts. Behind each artefact is a random bonus win amount, a hidden treasure, a sword fragment or a trap. Random bonus win amount All random bonus win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your weighted average bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The weighted average bet is calculated from the time the first Passport symbol is displayed on the centre position of a reel to activate the reel, until the Global Adventure bonus game is finally activated. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Hidden treasure If you find the hidden treasure, you can win an additional prize. The prizes are: An additional random bonus win amount. A 2x multiplier value on the bonus win amount revealed. Activate the Shoot-out bonus game. Sword fragment If you find a sword fragment, you win a random bonus win amount and you can choose another location. If you find all five sword fragments during your quest, you win an additional random bonus win amount. Trap If you reveal two traps in one location, the game ends. You win the previously accumulated wins per location. 5. The Showdown feature is random and awards you a chance to acquire a sword fragment. Lara and Amanda face-off in a gun duel. If Lara wins the duel, you are awarded a sword fragment and continue your quest. If Lara loses, the game ends. You win the previously accumulated wins per location. 6. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. 7. The Global Adventure bonus game cannot be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. 8. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 9. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Shoot-out Bonus Game Rules If you find the disc symbol when choosing a hidden treasure during the Global Adventure bonus game, the Shoot-out bonus game is activated. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Fifteen discs are displayed. Behind each discs is a random bonus win amount. You can choose one disc. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Super Mode Rules Super Mode is randomly activated. You are awarded five free spins. During Super Mode, multiple wild symbol positions are randomly activated and held in position for the duration of Super Mode. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Super Mode cannot be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] Wild Symbol The Portrait symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Excalibur Key symbol. Does not substitute for the Passport symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Scatter Symbol The Excalibur Key symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Excalibur Key symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The payout for each consecutive winning combination during the Free Spins bonus game is multiplied by increasing multiplier values. If no consecutive wins occur, the multiplier value resets to a 1x multiplier. When a winning combination occurs during a free spin, the symbols in the winning combination explode and disappear after you are paid out. The symbols above the exploding symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces created by the exploding symbols. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again at an increasing multiplier value. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without using a free spin. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Super Mode bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. The Global Adventure bonus game cannot be activated during the free spins. How do I play the Free Spins bonus game? 1. Click Start Free Spins . The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. 2. The free spins are complete. Your total bonus win amount is counted in the bonus Win box. 3. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Global Adventure Bonus Game A Passport symbol displayed on the centre position of a reel, activates the reel. Activated reels are held and accumulated. When all five reels are activated, the Global Adventure bonus game is activated. In this game: You can win up to 135 000 coins in the bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Five locations are displayed. Each location contains six artefacts. Behind each artefact is a random bonus win amount, a hidden treasure, a sword fragment or a trap. Random bonus win amount All random bonus win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your weighted average bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The weighted average bet is calculated from the time the first Passport symbol is displayed on the centre position of a reel to activate the reel, until the Global Adventure bonus game is finally activated. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. · Hidden treasure If you find the hidden treasure, you can win an additional prize. The prizes are: An additional random bonus win amount. A 2x multiplier value on the bonus win amount revealed. Activate the Shoot-out bonus game. Sword fragment If you find a sword fragment, you win a random bonus win amount and you can choose another location. If you find all five sword fragments during your quest, you win an additional random bonus win amount. Trap If you reveal two traps in one location, the game ends. You win the previously accumulated wins per location. The Showdown feature is random and awards you a chance to acquire a sword fragment. Lara and Amanda face-off in a gun duel. If Lara wins the duel, you are awarded a sword fragment and continue your quest. If Lara loses, the game ends. You win the previously accumulated wins per location. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Global Adventure bonus game cannot be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. To play the bonus game: 1. Click one of the five locations. Six artefacts are displayed. 2. Click an artefact. You reveal a bonus amount, it is added to your win amount and you can choose another artefact. You reveal a bonus amount and the hidden treasure, choose a block to reveal a hidden treasure. You reveal a bonus amount and a sword fragment, the bonus amount is added to your win amount and you can search the next location. You reveal a trap, you have one more chance to continue playing. If you reveal two traps in one location, the game ends. You win the previously accumulated wins per location. 3. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Shoot-out Bonus Game If you find the disc symbol when choosing a hidden treasure during the Global Adventure bonus game, the Shoot-out bonus game is activated. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Fifteen discs are displayed. Behind each discs is a random bonus win amount. You can choose one disc. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. To play the bonus game: 1. Click a disc. A random bonus amount is revealed. 2. A confirmation screen is displayed with your total bonus win amount. You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Super Mode Super Mode is randomly activated. In this game: You are awarded five free spins. During Super Mode, multiple wild symbol positions are randomly activated and held in position for the duration of Super Mode. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Super Mode cannot be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. How do I play the Free Spins bonus game? 1. The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. 2. The free spins are complete. Your total bonus win amount is counted in the bonus Win box. 3. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Click Lines to select the number of paylines you want to play. 2. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020