Volatile Slot About Volatile Slot Volatile Slot is a five reel, fixed ten payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Multiplier Wilds Bonus/Wild symbol Free Spins bonus game Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.10%. Game Rules General Press the total bet or use the arrows either side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Credits or All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each Pay line wins pay left to Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Land any 3 Wilds on reels 2, 3 and 4 to trigger 10 Free If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play On desktop you can use Space bar to Spin. Hold it down for quick On mobile you can hold down the Spin button for quick Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. Regular payouts depend on your total Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. A Volcanic Wild has a chance of becoming an Exploding Wild awarding a random multiplier of either X2, X3 or X4. This applies to the total winnings from that Any Exploding Wild multipliers can be multiplied up to a total max multiplier of Any 3 Wild symbols will trigger the Volatile Slot Free Spins feature This symbol can appear in Free Spins and re-trigger additional Free Spins bonus game 10 Free Spins are awarded with a chance to re-trigger. During Free Spins more Wilds and Exploding Wilds are added to reels 2, 3 and 4. Higher chance of re-triggers and bigger wins The last bet you placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet Winnings are automatically collected during this If the win from the Free Spins is equal to or less than 20x total bet, 10 additional Free Spins are granted until the requirement is met. Game Controls Item Description Total bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your Casino balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. AutoPlay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Item Description Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, Music, Turbo spins) Menu button Opens Game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game for up to 100 spins. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that Autoplay stops automatically if any feature is triggered, selected number of spins is played out or the balance is less than the total bet per AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play, up to 100 spins. Loss Limit Set a limit on the maximum amount to lose to stop AutoPlay. Single win limit Set the limit on the maximum amount you want to win in a single spin to stop Autoplay. Click on the Custom next to each Autoplay value to enter it Start Autoplay Select the bet amount you wish to play and click on Autoplay Select your Autoplay options – number of spins, loss limit and single win Click Spin to start Autoplay Click Stop to end Autoplay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. Click Choose the required Close the window to return to Available settings: Audio Volume Adjust the volume of in-game audio or turn it off completely. Sound Effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000