Village People: Macho Moves Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Free Spins Payouts Collecting 5 VP Wild tokens on a reel will fill the VP Wild meter and award 5 Free Spins. Free Spins is played at an average of the triggering bets for that meter. If multiple meters become full on a single spin then multiple features are played out sequentially. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to 5 coins per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules VP Wild is a Wild. Wilds substitute for all symbols. Wilds and VP Wilds pay on a payline in any winning combination of the two symbols. VP Wild Feature Rules VP Wilds appear on each base reel. When a VP Wild lands on a reel the other two positions on the reel become Wild . At most one VP Wild may land on each reel for a single base game spin. VP Wild Meters Rules Each reel has a VP Wild meter. When a VP Wild lands on a reel a VP Wild token is added to that reel's meter. Two VP Wild Tokens are awarded to a new player prior to the start of play. One token is added to the meter on reel 1 and one to the meter on reel 2. Collecting 5 VP Wild tokens will fill the meter. Macho Moves Rules Filling a VP Wild meter awards 5 Free Spins with a unique "Macho Move" feature. Reel 1 - Free Spins with Random Multipliers. A random multiplier between 2x and 20x is awarded prior to each spin. Reel 2 - Free Spins with Random Wilds. 2 to 12 Wilds are placed randomly prior to each spin. Reel 3 - Free Spins with Random Wild Reels. 2 to 4 Wild Reels are placed randomly prior to each spin. Reel 4 - Free Spins with Walking Wild Reels. 2 Wild Reels are placed on reels 5 and 6 on the first spin that then march one reel to the left every spin. Reel 5 - Free Spins with Symbol Upgrades. On every spin all low symbols are replaced with one of the high symbols. Reel 6 - Free Spins with Locking Wilds. Prior to each spin 1 to 3 Wilds are randomly placed and are locked in place for all remaining Free Spins. Free Spins are played at an average of the triggering bets for that meter. If multiple meters become full on a single spin then multiple "Macho Move" features are played out sequentially. Each meter is emptied after associated Free Spins are played. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. All lines played are the same as base game. VP Wilds and the VP Wild Feature are not available in Free Spins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. 3. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per line. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. In Bet Settings, swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. 3. In Bet Settings, swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Sound Settings, click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Under Sound Settings, tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON. Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button.2. Click the Settings option.3. Under Graphics Settings, click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Tap Game Settings. 4. Under Graphics Settings, tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Game Settings, click on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. 4. Under Game Settings, click on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Tap Game Settings. 4. Under Game Settings, tap on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. 5. Under Game Settings, tap on Show Tutorial At Startup to enable or disable the tutorial. 6. Under Game Settings, tap on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. VP Jukebox Settings The VP Jukebox functionality and behavior. The VP Jukebox features 5 song tracks that can be changed during the base game. Song tracks can be changed by touching the song title area on the Jukebox interface or by utilizing the controls within the optional slider menu. Song tracks will cycle automatically every few minutes unless the repeat selected track button is enabled. The currently enabled song in the Jukebox upon feature trigger will continue to play until all free spins are complete. Note: The VP Jukebox feature is for entertainment purposes only and has no bearing on game play. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Desktop 1. Click the Win area. 2. Click the Stats button. 3. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Statistics icon. 3. Tap the Stats icon. 4. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. View Game Wins View your Recent and Top 5 wins. Recent Wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the Recent Wins reset. Desktop 1. Click the Win area. 2. Click the Wins button. 3. View your Game Wins. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Statistics icon. 3. Tap the Wins icon. 4. View your Game Wins. Wins Recent Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. Top 5 Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020