Wolf Heart Mobile General In this game all 60 paylines are permanently enabled. The game has 60 paylines but you play on bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have the advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except scatter. Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.40 credits per spin, your bet per payline = total Bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.40 credits / 40 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per payline * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example 5 of a kind win of Spade which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per payline * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per payline and paid to the player except scatter(refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Reels 1 and 2 can get stacked symbols up to 6 high and reels 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 can get stacked symbols up to 3 high. Symbols which can be stacked are PRINCE, PRINCESS, BLACK WOLF, WHITE WOLF, CASTLE, FOREST, BANNER, DAGGER and AMULET. WILD SYMBOL The PRINCE, BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols are wild symbols. These symbols: Substitute for all symbols except Scatter. Appears on all reels. PRINCE symbol appears only in base game. During Free Spins, the PRINCE and PRINCESS symbols turn into BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols. So, BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols appear only in free spins. PRINCE symbol creates its own winning combination in base game when multiple symbols appear on a payline. BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols creates their own winning combinations in free spins when multiple symbols appear on a payline. BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols multiply pay by 2x when substitute in a winning combination during free spins. Only BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbol wins are not multiplied by 2x. Wild symbols payouts are multiplied by your current bet per payline. SCATTER SYMBOL The LOCKET symbol is a Scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Activates 60, 40, 25, 16, 12, 8 free spins respectively when 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 scatters appears on eight reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the scatter win can be calculated as (Base pay of the scatter symbol combination * Total bet). For example, if 5 of a kind win of scatter is 2.00 credits on minimum bet and total bet of 0.40 credits, then base pay of 5 of a kind win of scatter would be { (2.00 credits won on minimum bet / 40) * 100 } = 5. And your Scatter win would be (5 Base pay * 0.40 in credits) = 2.00 credits. For providing more information to player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in paytable are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by total bet and paid to the player. FREE SPINS Three or more LOCKET symbols scattered on reels activates the Free spins. In the game: 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 LOCKET symbols scattered anywhere on the reels, awards 60, 40, 25, 16, 12, 8 free spins respectively. During free spins, PRINCE and PRINCESS turn into wild BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF respectively. BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF are WILD and substitute for all symbols except LOCKET and multiply the winning combination pay by 2x. If in any win only BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF are forming a winning combination, then that pay will not be multiplied by 2x. The free spins will be played on the same bet and lines as the spin that triggered the free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered during free spins. During free spins 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 LOCKET symbols scattered anywhere on the reels, awards 40, 25, 16, 12, 8, 2 free spins respectively. Scatter symbol does not appear on reel 1 during free spins. Mystery feature is also available during free spins. Mystery feature Each reel contains certain Mystery positions that are replaced with other game symbols except Wild and Scatter before each reel spin. This increases your chance of winnings as when the reels are stopped, the symbols have been replaced to increase the formation of winning combinations. The Wild and Scatter symbols will not be replaced. This feature is also available in free spins. Autoplay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap Autoplay On . Tap the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, tap Stop . Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 5/16/2018