Who Wants to be a Millionaire HELP Introducing the game Millionaire is a six-reel video slot with reacting wins featuring Big Time Gaming’s unique Megaways™. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Extra Reel The extra reel adds a symbol to the reel it is below for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the extra reel. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute every symbol except Scatter. Wilds are only present in the extra reel. Scatter The Millionaire Scatter icon can appear in any of the six vertical reels. Get three Scatters to win eight Free Spins and start the Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble. Each additional Scatter moves you up a rung in the Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble prize ladder. Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble The Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble gives you the chance to win up to 50 Free Spins. The gamble prize ladder has 12 rungs. The rung values are 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 25, 30, 40, and 50 Free Spins. The starting rung is determined by the number of Scatters that triggered the feature. Rung 1 for 3 Scatters, Rung 2 for 4 Scatters, and so on. Rung 2 and Rung 7 are safety net rungs. Reaching these rungs guarantee at least 10 and 20 Free Spins respectively. Walk Away / Final Answer To start Free Spins without gambling press WALK AWAY. To gamble select an answer from A, B, C or D and press FINAL ANSWER. A successful gamble moves you up a rung up the prize ladder. An unsuccessful gamble exits the feature with 0, 10 or 20 Free Spins depending on the ladder rung reached. WALK AWAY is disabled at rung 2 and rung 7 because these are risk free gambles. Lifelines A Lifeline is given at each gamble. The Lifelines are 50:50, Phone a Friend, and Ask the Audience. 50:50 removes two incorrect answers. Phone a Friend reveals the most likely answer and its chance of being correct. Ask the Audience reveals the chance of being correct for each answer. Free Spins During Free Spins there is an unlimited win multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. Free Spin Scatter icons can appear in the extra reel and will award extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Scatter The Free Spin Scatter icon can appear in the extra reel during Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 4 extra Free Spins. 4 Scatters = 8 extra Free Spins. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.27% The optimal strategy is to choose the answer indicated by the Phone a Friend Lifeline and to choose an answer with the highest percentage in the Ask the Audience Lifeline. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000