Wicked Tales Dark Red Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Wolf's Wheel Bonus Payouts Cash Prize wins are calculated by multiplying the value landed by the total number of coins bet. All bets played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that triggered the Wolf's Wheel Bonus Free Spins Payouts You are awarded 9 free spins. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus Payouts The win amounts displayed are already multiplied by bet staked. The bonus multiplier starts at 1, and increases by 1 after each Cash Prize is revealed. Cash Prizes are win amounts between 1x bet staked and 5x bet staked. The bonus multiplier is applied to a Cash Prize as the Cash Prize is revealed. Wolf awards 1x bet staked. Wolf is not multiplied by the bonus multiplier and does not increase the bonus multiplier. Finding all 10 Cash Prizes awards an Exit Prize of 20x bet staked. The Exit Prize is not multiplied by the bonus multiplier. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts picked. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules 1. You can bet up to 8 coins per line. 2. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. 2. The Wild symbol does not substitute for the Scatter symbol. 3. Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules 1. Winning scatter combinations are awarded when 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reel. 2. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. 3. 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels activate the Wolf's Wheel Bonus. Wandering Reels Rules 1. The Wandering Reels are made up of a group of 3 reels that spin together. 2. The Wandering Reels contain Jumbo Blocks, which are large high symbols that span the 3 reels. 3. The Wandering Reels stop in 1 of 3 positions, shown above, which determines reels and lines played. 4. On each Base Game spin, the position is chosen randomly. 5. In Free Spins, the position of the Wandering Reels shifts to each position in order (from LEFT POSITION, the Wandering Reels will move to CENTER POSITION, then move to RIGHT POSITION, then move back to CENTER POSITION). Wolf's Wheel Bonus Rules 1. 3 Scatter symbols activate the Wolf's Wheel Bonus. 2. Each Cash Prize landed displays the multiplier which is applied to bet staked. 3. The multiplier is up to 20x. 4. Collect Cash Prizes until the Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus or Free Spins is triggered. Free Spins Rules 1. The Free Spins is activated when the Wolf's Wheel Bonus points to 1 of these 4 characters. 2. The character pointed to is featured on the free spins reels, replacing the other 3 character symbols. 3. You are awarded 9 free spins. 4. Reels and lines played are determined by the Wandering Reels. 5. All bets played in the Free Spins are the same as the spin that activated the Free Spins. 6. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered during Free Spins. 7. The Wolf's Wheel Bonus and the Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus cannot be triggered during the Free Spins. Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus Rules 1. The Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus is activated when the Wolf's Wheel Bonus points to the chest above. 2. Auto Pick allows you to choose objects in sequence without interacting with the game, and can be stopped at any time. 3. Choose objects to reveal a Cash Prize, Wolf, or Axe. 4. Cash Prizes are win amounts between 1x bet staked and 5x bet staked. 5. The Bonus Multiplier starts at 1. 6. As each Cash Prize is revealed, the Bonus Multiplier is applied to the Cash Prize and then the Bonus Multiplier is increased by 1. 7. The Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus ends if you find all 10 Cash Prizes, or if you find more Wolf objects than Axe objects. 8. Finding all 10 Cash Prizes awards an Exit Prize of 20x bet staked. 9. Finding a Wolf awards 1x bet. 10. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts picked. 11. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the Forest of Fortunes Pick Bonus. Betting and Payout Rules 1. Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. 2. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 3. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. 4. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. 5. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. 6. Wheel wins are calculated by multiplying the value landed by the total number of coins bet. 7. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 8. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. 9. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. 2. To select your bet amount: Desktop • Click the Bet area. • Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. • Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per line. • Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted Mobile • Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. • In Bet Settings, swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. • In Bet Settings, swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. • Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. 3. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. 4. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. 5. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. • Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. • Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. • Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Sound Settings, click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Under Sound Settings, tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note:Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON. Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. • Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. • Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Graphics Settings, click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Tap Game Settings. 4. Under Graphics Settings, tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. • Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. • Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). • Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop 1. Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. 2. Click the Settings option. 3. Under Game Settings, click on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. 4. Under Game Settings, click on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Settings option. 3. Tap Game Settings. 4. Under Game Settings, tap on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. 5. Under Game Settings, tap on Show Tutorial At Startup to enable or disable the tutorial. 6. Under Game Settings, tap on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay • AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. • A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. • AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. • Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Desktop 1. Click the Win area. 2. Click the Stats button. 3. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Statistics icon. 3. Tap the Stats icon. 4. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics • Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. • Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. View Game Wins View your Recent and Top 5 wins. Recent Wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the Recent Wins reset. Desktop 1. Click the Win area. 2. Click the Wins button. 3. View your Game Wins. Mobile 1. Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. 2. Tap the Statistics icon. 3. Tap the Wins icon. 4. View your Game Wins. Wins • Recent Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. • Top 5 Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.10%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020