Wonder Woods About Wonder Woods Welcome to Wonder Woods, a video slot featuring Free Spins, Wild symbols, and Mystery Symbols. Game Rules General Wonder Woods is a video slot with 5 reels, 3 rows, and 20 Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the Only the highest win per line is Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Mystery Symbols. Simultaneous wins on different lines are Mystery Symbols The Mystery Symbols appear in both the base game and Free After a spin, any Mystery Symbols will turn into any symbol except the Free Spins symbol. All Mystery Symbols will turn into the same Free Spins If 3, 4, or 5 Free Spins symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 10, or 12 Free Spins are awarded, In Free Spins, when Mystery Symbols land, they will turn into Sticky Mystery Symbols. The Sticky Mystery Symbols will remain in place for the remainder of Free After each spin, any Sticky Mystery Symbols will turn into any symbol except the Free Spins The symbols in the positions of the Sticky Mystery Symbols will revert back to Sticky Mystery Symbols at the start of a new If a reel contains only Sticky Mystery Symbols, they will turn into Wild symbols and remain in place as Wild symbols for the remainder of Free It is not possible to re-trigger Free Wild symbols Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation WONDER WOODS WONDER WOODS MYSTERY SYMBOLS MYSTERY SYMBOLS STICKY MYSTERY SYMBOLS STICKY MYSTERY SYMBOLS FREE SPINS FREE SPINS WILD WILD BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Game Controls Game Keypad Item Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000