Wheel of Wishes About Wheel of Wishes Wheel of Wishes is a five reel and ten payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Power Mode feature Power Spin feature Wheel of Wishes Jackpot bonus game General The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for all other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not appear during the Power Mode or Power Spin feature. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear in a line on a payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the Power Mode or Power Spin feature. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Power Mode feature You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature. You place an extra bet to activate this mode and only play the Power Spins feature. The extra bet is calculated at 9x your current bet. You may not be able to change your current bet amount when this feature is active. To change your current bet amount, deactivate this feature and then change your bet options. You may not be able to activate this feature if your current bet amount results in the extra bet exceeding the maximum side bet permitted. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Power Spin feature Two or more scatter symbols activate this feature. Reels 1 and 5 transform into a random high symbol. Reels 2, 3 and 4 are transformed to spin giant high and Bonus Wheel activation symbols. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Wheel of Wishes Jackpot bonus game This game is activated when a full Bonus Wheel activation symbol is displayed during the Power Spin feature. You can win one of four guaranteed progressive jackpots. This game consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize. The progressive jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. When the progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets. The Wowpot! progressive jackpot resets to 2 000 000 credits. The Major progressive jackpot resets to 50 000 credits. The Minor progressive jackpot resets to 100 credits. The Mini progressive jackpot resets to 10 credits. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. All progressive winnings are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the Progressive value displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. The progressive jackpot value on the server is used when the progressive jackpot is paid out. The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. Any change to the rules will be certified and authorised by the AAMS before being implemented. If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click a bet amount. Click and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Click your AutoPlay options. Click Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. Return to Player (RTP) Value Total RTP in Normal Mode 93.34% Total RTP in Power Mode 92.24% This game has a progressive jackpot. The progressive jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The progressive jackpot contribution is 5.3% and the game has an RTP of 88.04%, when playing in normal mode. The progressive jackpot contribution is 14.5% and the game has an RTP of 77.74%, when playing in power mode. Game version Wheel of Wishes v402.0.0 Game manufacturer: Derivco (Pty) Ltd Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Quick Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Advanced (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Power Mode button Activates or deactivates the Power Mode feature. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also start the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020