Wizard of the Woods Experience the magical powers of the Young Wizard! He can improve your luck with his magic and award a great fortune! Wizard of The Woods™ is a 5x3 reels, 25 Fixed paylines slot game. Return to Player (RTP) General Scatter symbol Wild symbol Wizard Magic Feature Free Spin Bonus Autoplay Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.02%. General Game has fixed 25 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination on a payline, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Total bet / Number of paylines). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Ace symbol which is 0.50 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.50 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.50 credits. For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in the paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3 & 4 award 10 Free Spins. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter can be converted into Wild symbol during Wizard Magic Feature. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Scatter pays any. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * total bet). For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in the paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by the total bet and paid to the player. Example: Game A has the following criteria: 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning Scatter combination and triggers the Free Spin Bonus. Scatter wins are added to Free Spin Bonus win and payline win. If you have a Scatter win and payline win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. You spin the reels. One Scatter symbol appears on each of the reels 2, 3 & 4 in any reel position. 3 Scatter symbols pay is 0.25 credits on minimum bet and total bet of 0.25 credits, then base pay of 3 Scatter symbols would be { (0.25 credits won on minimum bet / 25) * 100 } = 1.00. And your Scatter win would be (1.00 base pay * 0.25 credits) = 0.25 credits. Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild appears only on reel 3 and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. During Wizard Magic Feature, any symbol can be converted into Wild including Scatter. Example: Game A has the following criteria: Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter to complete winning combinations. Winning combination pay out from left to right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from second, third, fourth or fifth reel does not pay out. Only highest winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. You spin the reels. Four Regular Ace symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 & 5 and Wild symbol appears on reel 3. This completes 5 Regular Ace symbols win which pays out 0.50 credits on minimum bet. So, your total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.50 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.50 credits. Wizard Magic Feature A full stack of wild symbols on reel 3 triggers the Wizard Magic Feature. During wizard magic feature, wizard will appear and will convert one or two symbols into wild symbol or pay an award up to 10x of total bet in credits. During wizard magic feature, any symbol can be converted into Wild including Scatter. 5, 4 or 3 Wild symbols win can only be achieved after completion of Wizard Magic Feature if the conversion of any symbol results in a payline win with Wild symbol on 5, 4 or 3 positions. Free Spin Bonus is a Scatter symbol. 3 scatter symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3 & 4 award 10 free spins. During free spins, Wizard Magic Feature is triggered with higher frequency. Free Spin Bonus can be re-triggered. Example: You spin the reels. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 & 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus and award 10 Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols pay is 0.25 credits on minimum bet and total bet of 0.25 credits, then base pay of 3 Scatter symbols would be { (0.25 credits won on minimum bet / 25) * 100 } = 1.00. And your Scatter win would be (1.00 base pay * 0.25 credits) = 0.25 credits. On first Free Spin, 3 Ace symbols appear on reels 1, 2 & 5 at middle position. A full stack of 3 Wild symbols appears on reel 3. One Scatter symbol appears on reel 4 at middle position. A full stack of Wild symbols on reel 3 triggers the Wizard Magic Feature. Wizard Magic Feature awards Scatter symbol to be converted into Wild. This completes three payline wins with 5 Ace symbols on each. This completes 5 Ace symbol win which pays out 0.50 credits on minimum bet. So, total Ace symbols win would be 0.50 credits * 3 payline = 1.50 credits. You do not have any winning combination in further Free Spins, so your total Free Spins win would be 1.50 credits. As the Scatter symbols wins are added to Free Spins win, so your total payout is 0.25 credits + 1.50 credits = 1.75 credits. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings 1. Coin Size You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. 2. Coins Bet Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. 3. Total Bet Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Number of paylines). 4. Spins You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. 5. Win Limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. 6. Loss Limit Stop spins if Autoplay exceeds the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.25 Max Bet : €25 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020