Wolf Heart About WOLFHEART WOLFHEART is a 8x6 reel, fixed sixty pay line slot game, with: A wild symbol.more A scatter symbol.more A free spins bonus game.more A mystery feature.more The game has 60 paylines but you play on bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. As this is fixed line game, your bet becomes coin size X number of coins X 40. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once reels have come to a stop. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol payout rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth slot reel does not pay out. Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the exact currency amount that are won for each combination. Regular payouts depends on your bet per line. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins per line). Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Wild Symbol The PRINCE symbol, BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols are wild symbols. These symbols: Substitute for all symbols except Scatter. Appears on all reels. PRINCE symbol appears only in base game. During free Spins, the PRINCE and PRINCESS symbol turn into BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols. So, BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols appear only in free spins. PRINCE symbol creates their own winning combination in base game when multiple symbols appear on a payline. BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols creates their own winning combinations in free spins when multiple symbols appear on a payline. BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbols multiply pay by 2x when substitute in a winning combination during free spins. Only BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF symbol wins are not multiplied by 2x. Wild symbols payouts are multiplied by your current coins staked per line. SCATTER SYMBOL The LOCKET symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Activates 60, 40, 25, 16, 12, 8 free spins respectively when 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 scatters appears on eight reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbols. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Scatter symbol does not appear on reel 1 during free spins. Free Spins Three or more LOCKET symbols scattered on reels activates the Free Spins. In the game: 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 LOCKET scattered anywhere awards 60, 40, 25, 16, 12, 8 free spins respectively. During free spins, PRINCE and PRINCESS turn into wild BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF respectively. BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF are WILD and substitute for all symbols except LOCKET and multiply the winning combination pay by 2x. If in any win only BLACK WOLF and WHITE WOLF are forming a winning combination, then that pay will not be multiplied by 2x. The free spins will be played on the same bet and lines as the spin that triggered the free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered during free spins. During free spins 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 LOCKET scattered anywhere awards 40, 25, 16, 12, 8, 2 free spins. Scatter symbol does not appear on reel 1 during free spins. Mystery feature is also available during free spins. Mystery feature Each reel contains certain Mystery positions that are replaced with other game symbols except Wild and Scatter before each reel spin. This increases your chance of winnings as when the reels are stopped, the symbols have been replaced to increase the formation of winning combinations. The Wild and Scatter symbols will not be replaced. This feature is also available in free spins. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels the symbols form a winning combination on the paylines. The payout dependent on the winning combination formed. To Play WOLFHEART is fixed 60 lines game. The game has 60 paylines but you play on bet of fixed 40 paylines, so you have advantage of playing 20 lines extra without paying anything additional. As this is fixed line game, your bet becomes coin size X number of coins X 40. Place a bet. How? Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin value you want to play. Click Coins per line (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to play per line. Click Spin. The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Reels 1 and 2 can get stacked symbols up to 6 high and reels 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 can get stacked symbols up to 3 high. Symbols which can be stacked are PRINCE, PRINCESS, BLACK WOLF, WHITE WOLF, CASTLE, FOREST, BANNER, DAGGER and AMULET. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert. The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert. Click AutoPlay. In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop. The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options. Choose the required settings. Click OK. What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%). View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK. What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/10/2020