Wild Predators About Wild Predators Wild Predators is a five reel, fixed five payline slot machine including: Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.55%. Game Rules General Press the Total Bet or use the arrows on the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each combination. Winning combinations pay from left to right and amounts are accordingly calculated as a multiplier of bet per line. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Wilds appear on reels 3, 4 and 5 and substitute for other symbols, except Scatter. Scatter appears only in free spins on reels 1-5 and awards a win in the amount of which triggered the free spins. On mobile you can hold down the Spin button for quick spins. During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. During any spin the game may randomly award you 100 Rollercoaster spins. These spins will be played at the triggering bet level and it is possible to re-trigger additional spins and/or any bonus features within the game. Game Controls Item Total bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your Casino balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. Autoplay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, music, turbo spins). Menu button Opens game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Some settings (quick spins, Turbo) may not be available based on Casino and/or country. Scatter symbol This symbol appears only in free spins, on reels one to five. Every time this symbol lands, the player is paid the win amount which triggered free spins. Wild Symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols, except Scatter to complete wins. A predator line win with a Wild triggers 5 free spins. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right. Regular payout amounts depend on your total bet. Free Spin Bonus Feature Scatter symbol When the free spins are activated, the triggering win amount is recorded on screen. A Scatter symbol is added on the reels in free spins and each time it lands the trigger win is paid. If the trigger win is improved in free spins, the new value is recorded and paid out for each Scatter. Every Wild that lands in free spins awards an extra free spin. Free spins can be re-triggered by getting a predator win line with a Wild. Each retrigger awards an additional 5 free spins Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. In the event of a predator win line with a Wild and any additional Wild symbol on the reels, only 5 additional free spins are awarded. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. During Autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Autoplay stops automatically if any feature is triggered, selected number of spins is played out or the balance is less than the total bet per spin. Please see breakdown of Autoplay options below: Autoplay Options Number of spins. Set the number of spins you want to play. Loss Limit. Set a limit on the maximum amount to lose to stop Autoplay. Single win limit. Set the limit on the maximum amount you want to win in a single spin to stop Autoplay. Start Autoplay Select the bet amount you wish to play and click on Autoplay button. Select your Autoplay options – number of spins, loss limit and single win limit. Click Spin to start Autoplay. Click Stop to end Autoplay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. Click Settings. Choose the required settings. Close the window to return to game. Available settings: Audio volume Adjust the volume of in-game audio or turn it off completely. Sound effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. Some settings (quick spins, Turbo) may not be available based on Casino and/or country. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020