Zombie Hoard About Zombie Hoard Zombie Hoard is a five reel, nine payline, and one hundred and eighty coin slot machine, including: • Regular symbols • Wild symbol • Scatter symbol • Free Spins Tokens feature • Free Spins bonus game • Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General • Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. • All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. • The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. • Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. • Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. • Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. • If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols • Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. • Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. • Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol • This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. • This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. • This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. • During the base game the wild symbol stacks on reels 3 and 4. • During free spins the wild symbol stacks on all reels. Scatter symbol • This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. • This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. • This symbol does not appear during the free spins. • Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins Tokens feature • Tokens are randomly attached to low symbols. • Each token awards one free spin that is added to your Free Spins bank. • Collect tokens to activate free spins. • Only one token is banked per reel per spin. • Once free spins are complete your Free Spins bank resets to 5. • This feature is not available during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game • There are two ways to activate free spins: • Three or more scatter symbols scattered on the reels. • 30 or more banked tokens. • The number of free spins awarded depends on the number of tokens displayed in your Free Spins bank. • All wins are doubled during the free spins. • All wins displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by the average bet. • The average bet is calculated from the bets placed on spins that collect tokens or activate the free spins. • Free spins cannot be re-activated. • Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature • Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. • When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. • Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. • Regular game wins are logged as achievements. • Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. • Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. ≡ button Displays a menu of game options. Depending on your game some of these options may not apply. Bet selection (+/-) • Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. • Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. • Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. AutoPlay Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ··· button Displays the game payout tables and a menu of game options. Depending on your game some of these options may not apply. Bet selection (+/-) • Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. • Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. • Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. AutoPlay Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Settings Displays the game settings. • Sounds • Quick spin Settings button Displays the game settings. • Sounds Turns game sounds on or off. • Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.29%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The below currency symbol will not be shown in the game. The value shown will be in the player account currency. 1.ARS – Spanish (Argentina) 2.BGN - Bulgarian 3.CHF – Swiss 4.CZK – Czech 5.HUF - Hungarian 6.PLN - Polish 7.RON - Romanian 8.RUB - Russian 9.TRY - Turkish 10.BRL – Portuguese’s (Brazil) Last modification date: 10/14/2020