Multi-hand Blackjack Pro Game Objective: Multi-hand Blackjack Pro allows you to play up to five hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand. The value assigned to the cards is as follows: The cards from 2 through 10 are valued as indicated Face cards (Jacks, Queens, and Kings) are all valued at 10 points An Ace counts as one or 11: If scoring an 11 would cause your hand value to exceed 21 ('bust'), an Ace will count as one Soft total: A hand containing an Ace that can be counted as 11 without the total going above 21. For example, Ace-6 is soft 17 Hard total: A hand containing an Ace that can only be counted as one because counting it as 11 would make the hand go over 21. For example, Ace-6-10 is hard 17 A tie between the player and the house is known as a 'push', and means that no one wins or loses. If the first two cards dealt are an Ace and any 10-point card (Jack, Queen, King, or 10), it is known as blackjack, and is an automatic win for the player at 1.5:1, unless the house ties top Game Information: The table can be customized to various styles by selecting the Options menu available at top right corner of the game screen The minimum and maximum bet when played on a single hand is €1 and €500 respectively. The maximum bet only applies to the initial bet Eight decks are used in this game, and each deck has 52 cards The deck is shuffled before every game The dealer draws a card on soft 17 and stands on 17 or more You can only split once There is no limit on the number of cards that can be dealt to the dealer or the player. It is limited only by choice (by clicking 'STAND') or the hand total being greater than or equal to 21 except in the cases of doubling down and split aces, where no more than one card will be dealt If the dealer has a 10, Jack, Queen, King, or Ace as his first card, he will check to see if he has a blackjack before you draw your third card top How to play Select the amount you want to wager on a given hand by clicking on the chip of that denomination The selected chip will be highlighted Place bets on any of the five available positions by clicking on the 'BET' area for that seat. You can play any or all of the available positions You can decrease the amount wagered by holding the SHIFT key and then clicking on the 'BET' for the position you wish to decrease the bet for Once the wagers are placed on one or more positions, click on the 'DEAL' button. The 'DEAL' button will be enabled only if your bet is equal to or more than the minimum bet Depending on the strength of your cards, you can choose from the following options offered to you: 'HIT', 'STAND', 'DOUBLE', 'SPLIT', or 'SURRENDER', as per the game rules If the dealer has a 10, Jack, Queen, King, or Ace as his first card, he will check to see if he has a blackjack before you draw your third card The 'INSURANCE' option is offered to you in case the dealer has an Ace as his first card Once either the player or the dealer stands or busts, the results are displayed below both the dealer's and the player's cards To start a new game with the same bet(s), click on the 'REBET' button To start a new game with Doubled bet(s), click on the 'DOUBLE STAKES' button After a game, click 'CLEAR BETS' if you want to clear all of the bets placed To remove bets for any given position, hold the SHIFT key and then click on the 'BET' for the position you wish to decrease the bet for Your game balance is displayed at the bottom left-hand side of the game screen Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Borgata Online Account Click on 'RULES' to view the game rules Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you have played Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game TURBO ON/OFF: By default the game will be in TURBO OFF mode, during which the cards animate when dealt to player and when cleared from table. Click on ON to turn off the card animation To exit from the game, click on 'X' which is available on top corner of the game window Shortcut Keys: You can move the selected option left and right using the arrow keys, and select the option using the enter key Customization options Customisation options for the table graphics is achieved by selecting the Options menu at the top right of the screen. The three options (Style, Cards and Colour) in the menu launch a tabbed popup window (with Style, Cards and Colour tabs). Once the popup is launched users can access all of the options by clicking on the tabs. Any changes made in the popup window are shown in real-time on the main game table. Style Customization Option: Select this option for applying various styles (Traditional, Metal or Beach) on the game table. Cards Customization Option: Select this option for changing the back of the card. Colour Customization Option: Use this option for coloring the table with different colors available in the list. Playing options Stand: Clicking the 'STAND' button will keep your hand at its current value. You may stand at any time if you are satisfied with your hand as it is. Click 'STAND' and, when the dealer completes his or her hand, the hands will be compared. Hit: You may continue to take cards until you either stand, go bust, or the value of a hand is 21. Click 'HIT' to be dealt the next card. Double: After you are dealt your first two cards, you will be offered the chance to 'DOUBLE'. Once this option is selected, the bet amount is automatically doubled and you will be dealt one more card. The hand will auto-stand after the card is dealt. Doubling down is also offered after splitting. If your account balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, the double-down option will not be offered. In case you lose the hand, you lose both the initial bet and the additional amount placed for the double-down option. Split: If you have two cards of the same value (for example two 7s, two 10s, two face cards, etc.), you can click 'SPLIT' to split the cards into two separate hands. Once this option is selected, an additional bet equal to your original bet is automatically placed. You are only allowed to split once, even if more splitting opportunities arise. If the hand qualifies for a split but your game balance is not sufficient to cover the additional bet, the split option will not be offered. You may draw as many cards as you wish on each split hand, with the exception of splitting on Aces and doubling down after splits. If you split 'Aces', only one card will be dealt to each Ace. If a face card or a 10 is dealt to either Ace, the hand is counted as 21, not blackjack. How to play the split option Once the 'Split' option is clicked, the cards are split into two separate hands and one more card is dealt to each of the hands. The hand with an arrow pointing towards it is the active hand Click on 'Hit', 'Stand', or another of the available options Once the first hand's turn is completed, the arrow moves to the second hand The arrow will not be shown if the hand value is 21. It will move to the other hand automatically Insurance: Insurance gives you a chance to protect yourself when you believe the dealer has blackjack. If the dealer's first card (face-up card) is an Ace, you can opt to insure your hands against the dealer's blackjack by clicking either the 'Yes to All', 'No to All', or 'Select for each hand' button displayed in a model above the dealt cards. Clicking on 'Yes to All' will place insurance bet on all the hands. On clicking 'Select for each hand' button, the insurance option is shown to each individual hand. Insurance bet is not placed on all the hands when 'No to All' button is selected. If a user has insufficient funds to select 'Yes to All' then each playing hand should be shown the Insurance popup with the model option window hidden. Insurance costs 50% of the bet amount in addition to your initial bet. When opted for insurance, the insurance bet will be placed and will be displayed on top of the initial bet of the occupied seat. If the dealer has a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1, and you will lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not hit blackjack, you will lose the insurance bet and the game will continue for the initial bet amount. You will not be offered insurance if you have a blackjack. The 'Insurance' option will not be offered if the hand qualifies for insurance but your game balance is not sufficient to cover the additional bet. Surrender: You can choose to discontinue play of your hand for that round and surrender half of your bet amount when your first two cards are revealed. This decision must be made before you decide to double down, split pairs, stand, or hit. The 'Surrender' option is offered after the dealer has checked to see if he has a blackjack. If the dealer's second card results in a blackjack, your entire wager will be collected by the dealer and the game will come to an end. However, if the dealer's second card does not result in a blackjack, and you opt for the 'Surrender' option, half of your bet amount will be returned to you. top Paytable Paytable Win Type Description Payout Blackjack A blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. A blackjack is therefore an Ace and any 10-point card, with the additional requirement that these be your first two cards. If you split a pair of Aces, for example, and then draw a ten-point card on one of the Aces, this will not count as blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your blackjack beats any dealer total (including a dealer's regular 21) except a dealer's blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a blackjack, the hand is a tie or 'push', and nobody wins or loses. 1.5:1 Normal Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1:1 Push The totals of both your hand and that of the dealer are the same. Even Insurance Offered on the dealer's Ace to insure your hand against the dealer receiving a blackjack. It costs 50% of the bet amount, in addition to the initial bet placed by you. If the dealer gets a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1 and you lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a blackjack, you lose the insured bet, and the game continues for the initial bet amount. Surrender Only allowed on the first two cards. Player can select to discontinue play of their hand for that round. If the dealer's second card results in a blackjack, player's entire wager will be collected by the dealer. If the dealer's second card does not result in a blackjack, then half of player's bet amount will be returned. The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.34% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected from the blackjack game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in game logs. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are unable to play or are experiencing other problems, please contact our Customer Care team. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. If you are unable to play or are experiencing other problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Last modification date: 7/6/2022