Multi-hand blackjack Game objective: Multi-hand blackjack allows you to play up to five hands of blackjack at once, one after the other. The objective is to accumulate cards for each hand with a point total of 21 or as close to 21, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the points of each card in the hand. The value assigned to the cards is as follows: The cards from 2 through 10 are valued as indicated Face cards (jacks, queens and kings) are all valued at 10 points An ace counts as one or 11: if scoring an 11 would cause your hand value to exceed 21 ('bust'), an ace will count as one Soft total: a hand containing an ace that can be counted as 11 without the total going above 21. For example, ace-6 is soft 17. Hard total: a hand containing an ace that can only be counted as one because counting it as 11 would make the hand go over 21. For example, ace-6-10 is hard 17. A tie between you and the house is known as a 'push', and means that no one wins or loses. If the first two cards dealt are an ace and any 10-point card (jack, queen, king or 10), it is known as blackjack, and you automatically win at 1.5:1, unless the house ties. top Game information: The minimum bet is EUR 1 and maximum bet is EUR 500 for one seat. The maximum bet only applies to the initial bet. Eight decks are used in the multi-hand version of blackjack, and each deck has 52 cards The deck is shuffled before every game. The dealer draws a card on soft 17 and stands on hard 17. You can only split once There is no limit on the number of cards that you can be dealt. It is limited only by choice (by clicking 'Stand') or the hand total being greater than or equal to 21 except in the cases of doubling down and split aces, where no more than one card will be dealt. If the dealer has a 10, jack, queen, king or ace as his first card, he will check to see if he has a blackjack before you draw your third card top How to play: Select the amount you want to wager on a given hand by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will glow. Place bets on any of the five available positions by clicking on the 'Bet' area for that seat. You can play any or all of the available positions. You can decrease the amount wagered by holding down the shift key and clicking the bet on the position you wish to decrease the bet for. Once the wagers are placed on one or more positions, click on the 'Deal' button. The 'Deal' button will be enabled only if your bet is equal to or more than the minimum bet. Depending on the strength of your cards, you can choose from the following options offered to you: 'Hit', 'Stand', 'Double', 'Split' or 'Surrender', as per the game rules. If the dealer has a 10, jack, queen, king or ace as his first card, he will check to see if he has a blackjack before you draw your third card. The insurance option is offered to you if the dealer draws an ace as his first card. Once either you or the dealer stands or busts, the results are displayed below the both dealer's and your cards, as well as in the scrolling window. To continue the game with the same bet(s), click on the 'Rebet' button. After a game, click 'Clear' if you want to clear the table. Your game balance is displayed on the bottom left of the game screen. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy more credits into the game from your Borgata Online account. Click on 'Rules' to view the game rules. Click on 'Gamelogs' to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. To leave the game, hit the 'X' button at top right corner of the game screen. top Playing options: Stand: Clicking the 'Stand' button will keep your hand at its current value. You may stand at any time if you are satisfied with your hand. Click 'Stand' and, when the dealer completes his or her hand, the hands will be compared. Hit: You may continue to take cards until you either stand, go bust or the value of a hand is 21. Click 'Hit' to be dealt the next card. Double: After you are dealt your first two cards, you will be offered the chance to 'Double'. Once this option is selected, the bet amount is automatically doubled and you will be dealt one more card. The hand will auto-stand after the card is dealt. Doubling down is also offered after splitting. If your account balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, the double-down option will not be offered. In case you lose the hand, you lose both the initial bet and the additional amount placed for the double-down option. Split: If you have two cards of the same value (for example two 7s, two 10s, two face cards, etc.), you can click 'Split' to divide the cards into two separate hands. Once this option is selected, an additional bet equal to your original bet is automatically placed. You are only allowed to split once, even if more splitting opportunities arise. If the hand qualifies for a split, but your game balance is too small to cover the additional bet, the split option will not be offered. You may draw as many cards as you wish on each split hand, with the exception of splitting on aces and doubling down after splits. If you split aces, only one additional card will be dealt to each ace. If a face card or a 10 is dealt to either ace, the hand is counted as 21, not blackjack. top How to play the split option: Once the you've clicked 'Split', the cards are divided into two separate hands and one more card is dealt to each of the hands. The hand with an arrow pointing towards it is the active hand. Click on 'Hit', 'Stand' or another of the available options. Once the first hand is decided, the arrow moves to the second hand. The arrow will not be shown if the hand value is 21. It will move to the other hand automatically. Click on 'Hit', 'Stand' or another of the available options. Insurance: Insurance gives you a chance to protect yourself when you believe the dealer has blackjack. If the dealer's first card (face-up card) is an ace, you can opt to insure your hands against the dealer's blackjack by clicking the 'Yes' or 'No' buttons displayed near the dealt cards. Insurance costs 50% of the bet amount in addition to your initial bet. If you choose 'Yes', the insurance bet will be placed on top of the initial bet. The system will wait until you take any action on the insurance offered. If the dealer has a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1, and you will lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not hit blackjack, you will lose the insured bet and the game will continue for the initial bet amount. You will not be offered insurance if you have a blackjack. The insurance option will not be offered when your hand qualifies for insurance, but your account balance is too small to cover the additional bet. Surrender: You can choose to discontinue playing your hand for a round and surrender half of your bet amount when your first two cards are revealed. This decision must be made before you decide to double down, split pairs, stand or hit. The surrender option is offered after the dealer has checked to see if he has a blackjack. If the dealer's second card results in a blackjack, your entire wager will be collected by the dealer and the game will come to an end. However, if the dealer's second card does not result in a blackjack, and you opt for to surrender option, half of your bet will be returned to you. Paytable Win Type Description Payout Blackjack A blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. A blackjack is therefore an ace and any 10-point card, with the additional requirement that these be your first two cards. If you split a pair of aces, for example, and then draw a ten-point card on one of the aces, this will not count as blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your blackjack beats any dealer total (including a dealer's regular 21) except a dealer's blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a blackjack, the hand is a tie or 'push', and nobody wins or loses. 1.5:1 Normal Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1:1 Push The totals of both your hand and that of the dealer are the same. Bet returned. Insurance Offered on the dealer's ace to insure your hand against the dealer receiving a blackjack. It costs 50% of the bet amount, in addition to the initial bet placed by you. If the dealer gets a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1. You lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a blackjack, you lose the insured bet and the game continues for the initial bet amount. Surrender Only allowed on the first two cards, here you discontinue playing your hand for a round. If the dealer's second card results in a blackjack, your entire wager will be collected by the dealer. If the dealer's second card does not result in a blackjack, then half of your bet amount will be returned. The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.34% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected while playing the game, such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game. Please note that the money you bring to the blackjack table will not be available for other games before you have completed your blackjack game. If you are unable to play or are experiencing other problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Last modification date: 7/6/2022