Midas Millions Game rules Midas Millions is a 5-reel game with the reels in a honeycomb structure. This game does not have any paylines and instead payouts are based on groups of symbols being next to each other. This creates a very large variety of wins (over 100,000 possible ways to win!). The game features connecting wilds (which turns symbols between them to gold wild) and a Super Wild symbol (which turns some of the symbols around it to gold wild). Both of these will also pay x2 normal wins when King Midas turns the symbols to gold wilds. This game also features freespins which have Locked Wilds where more and more symbols can get locked as wilds and stay there for the remaining freespins and so can make bigger and bigger wins as freespins goes on. It is possible to win a Million in one spin on this game by playing the maximum stake and getting a group of 12 or more of any one of the picture symbols, except Watch symbol (i.e. Jet, Rolls Royce, Champagne, Grapes) and having one or more gold wild symbols which double the win. top How to play: The amount you are staking will be shown at the bottom of the screen between the "-" and "+" buttons. Use these two buttons to choose a stake between MIN and MAX limits specified above. Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 4 is selected. The stake is displayed at the bottom of the screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet by using the "-" and "+" buttons available adjacent to the 'Change Stake' field. If your game balance drops below total bet placed, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. 'PAYTABLE': Game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE'' button at bottom left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO REELS' button available on 'PAYTABLE' screen or by clicking on any where on 'PAYTABLE' screen. The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'NEXT' button available on the right side of the 'PAYTABLE' screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the stake placed. PLAY: Press 'Spin' to start the game. The reels will spin and after the reels stop spinning, winnings are paid out based on the groups - having 4 or more of the same symbol next to each other in a group produces a win. Amount won will be paid according to the pay table. Symbols that form the group will be highlighted and the win details shown at the bottom. Result: Any winning symbols will be highlighted and the win details shown at the bottom. The total win amount is shown in the 'TOTAL WIN' meter displayed at the top right side above the reels. The win details are shown as a message below the reels - the win amount is displayed with each win group followed by total number of symbols participated in the win. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change bet, player can use: (+) and (-) buttons adjacent to Change Stake meter. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'BALANCE' meter. Your current game balance is the amount displayed in the 'BALANCE' meter 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: 5 spins: The game will automatically spin for 5 spins if 5 SPINS button is clicked. 10 spins: The game will automatically spin for 10 spins if 10 SPINS button is clicked. 15 spins: The game will automatically spin for 15 spins if 15 SPINS button is clicked. 20 spins: The game will automatically spin for 20 spins if 20 SPINS button is clicked. 25 spins: The game will automatically spin for 25 spins if 25 SPINS button is clicked. UNTIL FREESPINS: The game will automatically spin until FREESPIN feature is triggered if UNTIL FREESPINS button is clicked. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOPLAYS' button at the bottom of the game screen positioned to the left of the SPIN button. When the Autoplay dialog opens, click on the option you'd like to select. The 'STOP' button would be displayed (replacing AUTOPLAYS button). Click on 'SPIN' to start the spins. You can deactivate 'AUTOPLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP' button. Please note: The 'AUTOPLAYS' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your bwin account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Wild Symbol Wild symbols can substitute for any other symbol (except the freespins symbol). Wild symbol does not substitute for Super Wild. Wild can only substitute for one kind of symbol and can be used in only a single group win - they cannot be used in two different groups. When there is more than one kind of symbol that the wild could substitute for to make a win then it will be used for the win that makes the highest payout. If two different groups make the same payout then it will be used for the symbol that is higher up in the pay table. top Connecting Wild Feature Connecting Wild feature is triggered when two Wild symbols appear on different reels, separated by one or more of any other symbols. These two Wild symbols must be on the same diagonal row. Two wilds next to each other (with no symbols in-between) will not be connected. When Connecting Wild is triggered, all symbols on the same diagonal row between the two Wilds will be touched by King Midas and turn to Gold Wild. If two wilds appear adjacent to each other and are in diagonal with other third wild then the wild nearer to the third wild will be connected and symbols in between them are changed to gold wild. The group that contains one or more gold wilds will all turn gold and the winnings will be doubled. Wild and Super Wild cannot appear together. top Super Wild Feature Super wild feature is triggered when super wild symbol appears anywhere on the middle reel. King Midas will touch and change up to 6 symbols around the super wild to Gold wild. The number of symbols that gets transformed to Gold Wild is random (up to 6). Which symbols around the Super Wild that get transformed to Gold Wild are random. The group that contains one or more gold wilds will all turn gold and the winnings will be doubled. It is only possible to get a Super Wild on the middle reel. top Freespins Free spin bonus is triggered when 3 Freespin symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 respectively. Freespin symbol appears only on reels 1,3 and 5. Press the START button to begin the freespins. You will always get 10 freespins. All free spins are played with the same stake as the triggering spin. Freespins uses a different set of reels and with these it is not possible to retrigger freespins or get connecting wilds or the Super Wild. After each free spin King Midas will randomly select 0, 1 or 2 symbols to change to a locked wild. These symbols will then stay as a wild symbol for the remaining freespins and so help to form wins. Which symbols that get turned to locked wilds are random. For each free spin, if there is a winning combination and at the same time King Midas needs to turn 1 or 2 symbols to Wild, then this winning combination is paid only after the symbols are turned to Wild. These Locked Wild symbols cannot turn to gold and so do not pay x2 at all. Maximum number of locked wilds during free spins is 10. At the end of the freespins then you are shown a summary of your total winnings in freespins. If the total win is less than 10 times your stake then King Midas will award you an extra mystery prize to add to those winnings, this mystery prize is random and could be up to 20 times your stake. top Other Features Change Music: This allows you to select which of the two background sound tracks you would like in the game (or turn the background sound off completely). It also lets you set the volume of the background music. top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, select Next button then game will navigate to the next Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.03%. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of Free Spins, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Free Spins, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017