Mini Slider Roulette Game Overview: Mini Roulette is a single-zero European style roulette game. It is made on the same basis as the standard roulette model but has a significant difference: the mini-roulette wheel has only 13 colored pockets representing 12 numbers and a single zero. Mini Roulette table layout is very much like that in a classical European roulette game, but again it has fewer numbers on it. How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be highlighted. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click CLEAR BET (X) or UNDO ( ) . Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number. When you hit the SPIN button or REBET & SPIN button, the ball will spin on the wheel displayed at the top of the screen. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed on the spinning wheel. The last 13 winning numbers are shown in the top right of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, click the REBET & SPIN buttons. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed the pop-up message will appear. If your account balance is 0 then the deposit option will pop-up. Click on the 'Game Rules' button on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. Please note that the player’s balance is displayed at the top right corner of the application. The game is playable in real-money mode only. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. Other Functions: To clear all bets on the table, click the CLEAR BET button ( X ). To undo the last bet made, click the UNDO button ( ). Spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET  after a game is finished. Double your bet by clicking on REBET×2 button. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 13 results. The statistics window indicates red results with red numbers and black results with white numbers. Also, Mini Roulette players have an opportunity to save half their bets if zero comes out. In such case no one loses his or her bets and half of the money is returned to the players. So, even if you don't get your winnings, it is still better than losing everything. Paytable: Bet Description Pay Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 11:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 5:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 3:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 2:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1’. This bet covers four numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 2:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 1:1 Sixers bets (half dozen bets) A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1-6’, ‘4-9’ or ‘7-12’, which each cover 6 numbers. 1:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2to1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 4 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 6 numbers. 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.79% - 96.15%. Adding funds to your account: To add funds to your account, click on the Balance in the right corner of the top toolbar, then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the message stating that your balance is insufficient to perform this action will pop up with Deposit button. Pressing on ‘Deposit’ button will open the Deposit page. To add funds to your account, click on the Balance in the right corner of the top toolbar. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected from the game just after all of the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, the game is treated as complete and on re-login, you can check the game details in game logs. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last updated: 11/14/2014 Last modification date: 1/29/2019