Roulette Mini Game Objective: Roulette Mini is played using a wheel containing 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place a bet or bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. The ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number. The player wins by correctly guessing which number will win, and is paid in accordance with the paytable given below, based on how many chips they have covering the winning number. How to play: Click on the chip in the lower section of the table and decide your stake. Click the area(s) of the table where you would like to place bet(s) or drag and drop a chip to an area using your mouse. The chip will then appear on the table. Scroll up or down the table using the arrow keys on the right margin or the scrolling wheel of your mouse. To remove your bet(s) in reverse order, click on the "Undo" button. To delete all your current stakes, click on "Clear Bets". Once you have placed your bet(s), click the "Spin" or "Quick Spin" button. When the ball has stopped in a slot, its number will appear enlarged on the table layout. The last 9 winning numbers will also appear in the upper-right corner. The last winning number is displayed at the top below it is the previous number, and so on. The red numbers are in the right column in red, the green numbers in the middle column in green, and the black numbers are in the left column in yellow. Winnings are displayed once a round has ended. Playing in "Spin" mode, you will be shown the total winnings. The winnings are added to your balance accordingly. After selecting the chip, place your bets by clicking on the desired betting spots on the betting area of the Mini Roulette Table. Click on the Chip to change the Chip value. You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit. Information on your available balance is shown in the top left corner of the game window. Information on your total amount bet is shown in the top right corner of the game window in  Stake  field. When you hit the 'SPIN' button, the spinning wheel is shown and the ball stop area is zoomed in. The win amount is calculated as per the paytable given below, and your winnings are added to the balance. Clicking on  Quick Spin  button will complete the spin in lesser time than the regular spin time. To play again, click on "Play Again?  button on the results screen. The stakes of the previous round continue to be displayed on the table in order to make playing your favorite numbers easier. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click  Clear Bets  which will remove all the chips from the table. Clicking on  i  icon on the game window also will show the outcome in last 9 games. Clicking on  ?  icon on the game window will show the Paytable & table limits for this game. Clicking anywhere on Paytable and table limit screen will revert to game window. To repeat the same bet, click the 'Play again?' and 'Spin' buttons. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting chip and place the bet. If you wish to move around the game table; mouse over on Top and bottom arrow button on the Right hand side of the game window. Balance: Your remaining game balance is shown in the balance section, after you have placed the desired bet and spun. Game logs can be viewed by clicking on 'Game Logs' icon on top of the game window. Game Rules can be access by clicking on  ?  icon on top of the game window. Click on 'Select game  to leave the game and return to mini games selection. By default, sounds are enabled for the game. Sounds can be disabled or enabled by clicking on the  Audio  icon on top of the game window. The game is playable only in Real Money mode. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Paytable: Bet Description Pay out Straight up bet A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split bet A bet placed between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between the two numbers 17:1 Street bet A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Bets placed on '0, 1, 2', '0, 2, 3' are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet. Covers all four numbers. A bet placed on '0, 1, 2, 3' is also considered to be a corner bet. 8:1 Line bet A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all the numbers in either street, for a total of six. 5:1 Dozen bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked '1st 12', '2nd 12' or '3rd 12', which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked '2 to 1' at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36 A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36, and the ball falls in the 0 slot. A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides(left) of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. Half the bet is returned. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.30% for all bets except even money bets. The theoretical return to player of this game is 98.60% for the even money bets. Adding funds to your Account: To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients), then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, deposit page will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click the  Deposit Now  button in the 'Buy-In' window of any non-mini game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 1/29/2019