Money Boat Money Boat is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot' slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The paytable below shows how much you win for each combination. For each bet placed, the house adds a percentage of the amount bet to the running jackpot total. CA$H FLA$H JACKPOT: A 'Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot' grows progressively as bets are made. The house adds a small credit to the running jackpot total for each spin, on either of the two Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot games. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpots can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, and while betting any amount. The reset value of Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is $1,000.00. INFORMATION The game, and game rules, are identical in both real-money and play-money modes, except that the play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot. You can bet on up to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table. HOW TO PLAY If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Setting lines: Nine lines are selected by default. You can increase the number of lines by clicking the arrow on the left of the 'Lines' button, or decrease the number of lines by clicking on the arrow on the right of the button. Selected lines are lit, whilst unselected lines remain greyed out. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the bet per line, and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'Bet' meter, which is found at the top of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking on the 'Paytable' button located at the bottom left of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as credits. To calculate the effective payoff per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Game' button on the paytable screen. Clicking on the 'Rules' button will open the rules screen. You can choose to return to the 'Paytable' screen or to go back to the game by clicking on the 'Paytable' or 'Game' buttons respectively. PAYLINES: The ‘PAYLINES’ can be viewed by clicking on PAYLINES button available in the main game window. Spin: After the reels stop, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines flashing or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating, with the total amount won being shown at the top of the screen under 'Win'. Feature game: A feature is triggered when three or more Ship symbols appears anywhere on the reels. The main game screen will change, and the feature game screen will launch. You can then play the 'Ship to Shore' bonus game. On completion of the feature game, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin is the same as on the previous one. You can click on 'Spin' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, use the arrow keys on the 'Bet' button or the 'Lines' button. Credits: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown under 'Credits'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under both the 'Credits' and 'Bet' meters. The game balance is shown on the bottom left of the game screen. You will be informed of any jackpot wins through a pop-up message, and the win amount will be credited to your Account immediately. You can also view the current values, last win details and Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot details by clicking on the 'More Info' link in the left panel under the jackpot slider in the main Game Lobby. Click on 'Gamelogs' to view logs of the games you have played. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy in more credits to the game from Account. Click on 'Exit Game' to leave the game and return to the game room. RULES All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel except scatters. Only the highest win is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lines are all added to the total win. Line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Scatters pay anywhere. All wins on selected lines only, except scatters. The Girl symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except scattered Ships. You'll be notified of any jackpot wins through a pop-up message, and your account balance will be credited immediately. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays Click on HELP button in the main game window, game will navigate to Rules screen. FEATURE GAME PLAY: The 'Ship to Shore' bonus feature is triggered when three or more scattered ship symbols appear anywhere on the reels. When this happens, the feature game screen will open up. You must then select five of the nine ships on the board and try to find a match between three of the symbols revealed. Money Boat Ship Symbols | Jackpot Slots Prizes are awarded for three of a kind of the following symbols: PAYTABLE Click on PAYTABLE button in Rules screen, Rules will navigate to Paytable screen. PAYLINES Click on PAYLINES button in the main game window, game will navigate to PAYLINES screen. ADDING FUNDS TO YOUR ACCOUNT To add funds to your Account, click on 'Deposit' in the Cashier menu, then select the desired deposit option. You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'Rebuy' while in the game screen and then clicking on 'Cashier', or by clicking on 'Deposit' or 'Real Balance' in the My Account section in the left-hand panel of the main Lobby. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. WHAT DO I DO IF I REACH MY BETTING LIMITS? To add funds to your Account, click on the 'Deposit' option in the Cashier menu in the main Lobby, or click the 'Cashier' button in the buy-in window of any game. You can also click on the 'Deposit' button or on 'Real Balance' in the My Account section of the left panel in the main Lobby. I COULD NOT COMPLETE THE GAME. WHAT SHOULD I DO? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will complete the game and store the result in your gamelogs. Log back in and click on the 'Gamelogs' button to view the outcome of the interrupted game. You can also find out the result from your Account balance. If you still face any problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care Team. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete the feature when you log back in. You can resume playing the same game, or play any other game of your choice after completing the feature round. Last modification date: 9/27/2022