Moon Temple GAME RULES Moon Temple is a 3x4x5x5x4x3-reel, 80-line video slot. The game feature has two parts Collection Games and Moon Spins. Moon Spins are accumulated during Collection Games and played at the conclusion of the Collection Game Spins. Malfunctions void all pays and play. All wins pay left to right on consecutive reels starting with the left most reel excluding scatters, which pay any. Paytable amounts initially displayed are based on current credits selected. All 80 lines are always played. Wins on different bet lines are added. Players can select credits per spin (50, 100, 150, 250 or 500). All credits staked are multiplied by the credit value. Only the highest win on a pay line pays. The Won field displays winnings in credits. Bonus wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. Scatter wins (if available) are paid in addition to reel wins. WILD PRINCESS substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. 3 scattered BONUS TEMPLE symbols trigger 8 Free Collection Games. BONUS TEMPLE appears during the base game. The base game, and each stage of the feature, use different reel sets. Collection games cannot be retriggered. Further Moon Spins cannot be collected during Moon Spins. Collection games and Moon Spins are played at the triggering spin bet and credit value. Clicking SPIN or space bar repeats the last bet. Higher credit denominations: 1K=1,000, 1M=1,000,000, 1B=1,000,000,000. Collection Game Rules: Collection Games use a different reel set. All prizes pay left to right on consecutive reels, starting with the first reel excluding scatter MOON SPIN+1, which pays ANY. The Free Game Meter is shown as Collection Game X of 8. FREE GAME WILD PRINCESS is Wild and substitutes for all symbol except MOON SPIN+1. MOON SPIN+1 appears and valid only in collection games. 1 MOON SPIN is collected for each scattered MOON SPIN +1 appearing during each Collection Game. Moon Spin Game Rules: Moon Spins are accumulated during 8 Collection Games and played at the conclusion of the Collection Game Spins. During Moon Spins, RED PANTHER becomes WILD PANTHER. WILD PANTHER substitutes for all symbols. Moon Spin Games use different reel sets. Moon Spin Meter shows the number of Moon Spins collected during Collection Games. Moon Spin Meter reduces by one for each Moon Spin played until there are no Moon Spins remaining. Collection games and moon spins are played at the triggering spin bet and credit value. Auto Spin In jurisdictions where this feature is available, you can have your bet repeated for 5, 10, 20, 50 or 100 spins. Click the AUTO SPIN button and select the number from the pop-up menu. Click on STOP to cancel Auto Spin. Auto Spin is deactivated after a bonus. Last modification date: 1/31/2017