Nags to Riches Game Objective: Nag to Riches is a 5-reel, 25-line fixed slot machine game based on a Horse Racing theme. The game features have an Each Way Play option, exciting horse race bonus round and freespins. Bet Slips are collected throughout play and used in the horse race bonus round. top Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.50 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 125 for normal play mode. The minimum bet amount is EUR 1.00 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 250 for each-way play mode. Game will be played with 25 fixed lines. top How to play Press the '+' and '-' LINE STAKE buttons to choose a line stake between EUR 0.02 and EUR 5 per line. The total amount you will be staking will be shown in the "TOTAL STAKE" box at the bottom right of the screen - above the PLAY and EACH WAY PLAY buttons. Each Way Play TOTAL STAKE will always be double your play stake (As it places an additional bet equal to your normal play stake). Click on the 'PAYTABLE' button to view the paytable, which shows the potential winnings for each reel combination, scatters, bonuses etc. Press 'PLAY' to start the game or Press 'EACH WAY PLAY' to start the game with 'Each Way Play' mode activated. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines in play, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted. All Payline wins are occurred from left to right on the selected paylines in both normal PLAY and EACH WAY PLAY modes. The coinciding wins on different pay lines are all added to the total. Payline wins are multiplied by the normal line stake in both normal play and each way play modes. Only the highest win on each selected Payline is paid in both normal play and each way play modes. If you have 3 of the freespins symbols anywhere on the reels 1, 3 and 5 then it will trigger the Freespins feature. If you have a Bet Slip in the middle reel then it will add that Bet Slip to the Bet Slip Area. If you have a Horse Symbol running through the reels it can award a bonus, dependant on where the horse stops. Horse symbol always starts only on the first reel and may expand to reels 2,3,4 and 5 on payline 1,2 and 3 onlyWhen the race Race Bonus is triggered, the expanding Race Bonus symbol may cover one or more symbol that construct a winning payline. In this case, the respective payline is not paid. Race bonus and bet slips cannot be triggered in the same spin. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Auto Play are stopped and will not be continued after a feature triggered during the selected number of Auto Plays. Options available under this feature are: 5 spins: The game will automatically spin for 5 spins if 5 SPINS button is clicked. 10 spins: The game will automatically spin for 10 spins if 10 SPINS button is clicked. 15 spins: The game will automatically spin for 15 spins if 15 SPINS button is clicked. 20 spins: The game will automatically spin for 20 spins if 20 SPINS button is clicked 25 spins: The game will automatically spin for 25 spins if 25 SPINS button is clicked Until Bonus: The game will automatically spin Until Bonus if Until Bonus button is clicked To make use of the auto spin feature, On game screen, the 'AUTOPLAYS' button is located at the bottom of the game screen to the left of the LINE STAKE buttons and the player needs to click on 'PLAY' or 'EACH WAY PLAY' to start the spins. When the Autoplay dialog opens, click on the option you'd like to select. The 'STOP' button would be displayed (replacing AUTOPLAYS button). Click on ' PLAY' or 'EACH WAY PLAY' to start the spins. You can deactivate 'AUTOPLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, 'Auto Play' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'Auto Play' is stopped immediately. Please note: The 'AUTOPLAY' option is not available in play money mode Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'Balance' meter and the 'TOTAL Stake' meter. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'Balance'. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. You can press the 'MUTE' button at the top of the screen next to Balance text field to turn ON/OFF all the audio within game. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The Bonus feature and Free Spins feature wins are added to the payline wins and also be added to the balance once the feature is completed. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating. The individual line wins are displayed in the "WIN" meter which is at bottom left corner to the reels and the total wins in that spin are displayed in the "TOTAL WIN" meter which is at bottom right corner to the reels. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play top Features To enhance your gaming experience you can opt to spin the "Each Way Play" mode. Doing so has the following benefits: Increased chance to trigger the bonus game. Horse Symbol can now finish on either the 3rd, 4th or 5th Reel to trigger the horse race bonus round. If your Horse Symbol finishes on 5th reel you are awarded a special x2 multiplier for the bonus round. Only the owner's multiplier is doubled when horse symbol finishes on 5th reel.. If you trigger Freespins you win 20 extra spins (instead of 10). All wins involving one or more wild symbols will be doubled. To play this mode you must press the bottom rightmost button. Doing so will change the background and position markers on reels 3, 4 and 5. Spinning in Each Way Play mode will cost an extra 100% of your current play stake. So if your play stake is 5 EUR then an Each Way Play would cost EUR 10. Playing Each Way Play does not adjust the paytable winnings. Line wins are still multiplied from the normal line stake (not the total of the Each Way Play stake). You can alternate your playing by pressing either the PLAY button or the EACH WAY PLAY button after any normal spin. The wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. Wild symbols cannot substitute for Free spin symbol, race bonus symbols and bet slip symbol. Having 3 or more Wild symbols together on an active win line (starting from the left reel) can also form a win themselves. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). If playing Each Way Play mode then wild symbols will turn into x2 wilds. Any wins that are made using ONE OR MORE wild symbols will be doubled. Getting 3 of the free spins symbols anywhere on the reels will start the free spins bonus. Free spin symbol will display on Reel 1, 3 & 5 only. You are awarded 10 free spins unless playing Each Way Play mode where you are awarded 20 free spins. If three free symbols triggered in the free spins then free spins will retriggered. Your re-trigger amount is always the amount you entered free spins with (so an extra 10 for normal play or extra 20 spins for Each Way Play). There is a limit of 20 free spin triggers (so a total of 200 free spins in normal play or 400 free spins in Each Way Play), if you get 3 free spin symbols after this then they will not award free spins (until the free spins are all finished and back to normal play and then they can be triggered again). The Horse Racing bonus game and Bet Slips can be triggered during free spins. Free Spins played in both normal PLAY mode and Each way play mode are played with the same stake as the triggering spin. All free spins are played in Each Way Play mode (meaning to obtain a horse racing bonus the horse can finish on either reels 3, 4 or 5).. All line wins are doubled, X2 Multiplier is awarded for Free Spins and all payline wins are doubled including the wins with one or more wild symbols. This is regardless of whether you trigger free spins via normal PLAY or EACH WAY PLAY. At random, Bet Slips will appear on the middle reel. These Bet Slips are used in conjunction with the horse Race Bonus feature. A Bet Slip will have a horse name/color on it as well as a monetary amount that you will win if that horse wins the next Race Bonus game. Bet Slips only pay if that horse wins the race in 1st place. There is no award if they come second or lower. Bet Slip prize is fixed and will not change once won and will not get doubled, even if we entered the bonus round in Each Way Play Mode. The bet Slip prize is fixed and will not change once won and will not get doubled, even if you entered the bonus round in Each Way Play Mode and had 5 bonus symbols where all owners will have their multipliers doubled. Bet Slip win amount is paid if that horse wins the 1st place in the race, regardless of the Race Bonus feature win and the Bet Slip win will be added to the Race Bonus feature win. Example: Bet slip is awarded €1000 for 'Red Run' in a game. Player selection is 'Need for ' horse. 'Need for ' as finished in the 6th position and won €625 in Race Bonus. 'Red Run' has won in the 1st position and €1000 is awarded for the Bet Slip. Total Win is €1625. Bet Slips win amount is paid if that horse wins the race, regardless of the Race Bonus win. It is possible to have Bet Slips across all eight horses. If you are awarded a second Bet Slip for the same horse then the monetary amount will be added to the original Bet Slip. A Bet Slip prize is equal to a randomly chosen Multiplier multiplied by the Total Stake of the game which obtains the Bet Slip. You cannot carry over Bet Slips between races, after each race all Bet Slips are cleared. Bet Slips will always be stored on your game until a horse Race Bonus is triggered, even if you quit the game and re open it. Bet slips will be carried over to the Next Race Bonus round regardless of the base game Mode that it occurred. E.g. Bet Slip Occurred in the normal PLAY mode can be carried over to the Next Race Bonus game which has occurred in EACH WAY PLAY mode. It is not possible to trigger the Bet Slip and the bonus round on the same spin. There is no limit for max win as the bet slips are awarded randomly and different bet slips for the same horse will be added together. This can keep going until all bet slips are exhausted after a Race Bonus feature. Bet slip prize = A random payout multiplier (Ranges between 5 -1000) X Total Stake of the game which obtains the Bet Slip. Bonus feature will start if horse stops on Reel 5 when played in normal play mode. Bonus feature will start if horse stops either on Reel 3 or 4 or 5 when played in Each way play mode. The player has to pick an OWNER to back their horse in the next race. Each owner has a different multiplier and the owner's multipliers are multiplied by the prize multiplier for the final position of the horse in the race and then by the Total Stake of the Normal PLAY mode of that particular game. The better that horse does in the race then the more you will win. Total stake of the Normal PLAY will be considered even if bonus round is triggered in Each Way Play Mode. This is a no lose bonus round and you will always win something - even if your selected horse comes last in the race. The Multipliers for each horse owners are shown next to their name. As you roll over the different horse owners then the payouts for selecting that horse owner and finishing at different places in the race are shown in the bottom right of the screen. If you entered the bonus round with Each Way Play and had 5 Horse Symbols then all owners will have their multipliers doubled! Any Bet Slips accumulated during play will have already been placed on their respective owners. After selecting your owner and starting the race you will see the owners all watching a screen with the race being shown. During the race you will be able to see the position your horse is in and how much you will get if it finishes there. At the end of a race you will be shown a summary screen of where your selected horse finished and how much you won for that as well as any Bet Slip winnings. There are 8 Owner Multipliers such as; 1, 1.2, 1.5, 2, 2.5, 4, 6, 10 and Prize multipliers for each position that the horse finishes the race: 1st position: 50 2nd position: 30 3rd position: 20 4th position: 15 5th position: 10 6th position: 5 7th position: 2 8th position:1 Max Win in Bonus round : 10 (Max Owner multiplier)* 50 (1st position prize)*2(Each Way Multiplier) Win= 1,000*125(Max Total bet in game) = EUR 125,000 top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen by clicking on NEXT button. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.00% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature or bonus feature before starting the Race, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are disconnected after starting the race, on reconnection software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017