Wild Rockets™ Game Rules Wild Rockets™ is a 720-bet way, 5-reel video slot featuring Free Spins, Wild substitutions and Win Both Ways for the chance to win more ways! The 5-reels are a geometric form where the reels are 3, 4, 5, 4, 3 symbols high from left to right. The game is played on 720 bet ways (fixed), 1 - 4 levels (50 coins per level), and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at 720 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from leftmost reel to right or rightmost reel to left, is a bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. For the total symbol win, multiply the number of matching symbols appearing on one reel by the number of matching symbols on each other reel in the longest winning combination. Multiply the result by the coin win amount for the longest winning symbol combination according to the PAYTABLE . The total win for the spin is the sum of symbol wins for each symbol type. Example of a bet way payout at level 1 4 matching K symbols on adjacent reels starting from the rightmost reel awards 20 coins. This is multiplied by 4 (for 4 Wilds on reel 3, which substitute for K) and then by 2 (for 2 K symbols on reel 4), giving a total win of 4 x 2 x 20 = 160 coins. 5 matching symbols on a bet way is a Win Both Ways win and pays twice the amount displayed on the PAYTABLE . Simultaneous wins for different symbols are added. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. All wins pay on bet ways only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Only the highest Scatter win paid per spin. Scatter wins are added to any bet way wins. Wild Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbols turn any symbol above or below it on the same reel into Wild symbols based on the direction of the rockets on the Wild. Wild symbols with rockets pointing upwards turn all symbols on the same reel above into Wild symbols. Wild symbols with rockets pointing downwards turn all symbols on the same reel below into Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Last modification date: 10/14/2020