Alien Robots™ Untitled Document Game Rules Alien Robots™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions, scatter wins and Free spins with expanding Sticky wilds. You can play 1-30 bet lines at different bet levels or play 30 bet lines with 243 bet ways at different bet levels. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and bet ways (if active). The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wins pay on selected bet lines and all bet ways, except for Scatter symbols. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. A bet line and bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line and bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. In both the main game and Free Spins, Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Scatter wins are added to any bet line and bet ways wins. Scatter wins pay independently of the number of bet lines or bet ways selected. Only the highest win per active bet line and bet way is paid. Bet lines and bet ways win if the winning symbols are in succession from the leftmost reel to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines and bet ways are added. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins 4 scatters = 20 Free spins 5 scatters = 50 Free spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and the same number of lines as the round that activated Free Spins. In Free spins, 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing randomly on the reels activate additional Free Spins. Any Free spins won are automatically added to the current Free spins. Expanded Sticky Wild During Free spins, Wild symbols on winning bet lines or bet ways trigger the expanded Sticky wild feature. Sticky wilds expand to cover the entire reel and are held in position while the other reels re-spin for a chance at bigger wins. Expanded Sticky wilds revert to standard Wild after one re-spin. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is: 243 bet ways activated 96.6% 243 bet ways deactivated 96.3% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Expanding Expanding Last modification date: 2/1/2017