Egyptian Heroes™ Game Rules Egyptian Heroes™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring a Golden Bet Line™ with multiplier, Wild substitutions, and Free Spins with a Sticky Expanded Wild. You can play 1 to 20 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value. The bet lines are set using the LINES selector. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. Wild symbol on reels 2, 3 or 4 expands to cover the entire reel when completing winning bet lines. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any line wins. Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Golden Bet Line™ Every spin has a chance to win on the Golden Bet Line™. Golden Bet Line™ wins pay the bet line win amount multiplied by the Golden Bet Line™ Multiplier (x2 – x5). The Golden Bet Line can be an inactive bet line. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. 5 Scatters = 20 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 15 Free Spins 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same number of lines, level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, a Sticky Expanded Wild covers the middle reel for a chance at bigger wins. Additionally, Wild symbols on reels 2 and 4 expand when completing winning bet lines. Any Free spins won are automatically added to the current Free spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turn on or off quick spin. Intro screen . Turn on or off the intro screen. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Graphics quality . Adjust quality for poor network connection. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 93.8%-96.7% The higher the number of bet lines played, the higher the RTP is. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Golden Bet Line Golden Bet Line Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Expanded Wild Expanded Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Last modification date: 2/6/2017