Silent Run™ Game Rules Silent Run™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25 fixed bet line video slot. The game features a Wild symbol, an Echo Bonus symbol that activates the bonus game, and an Echo Wild symbol which searches for hidden Wild symbols. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Echo Bonus and Echo Wild symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Echo Wild The Echo Wild symbol can only appear on reel 3. When an Echo Wild symbol appears anywhere on reel 3 it activates the Echo Wild feature. The symbol sends out 3 sonar signals and randomly substitutes symbols appearing anywhere on the reels into additional Wilds. Up to 14 symbols can turn into Wilds, including the Echo Wild symbol. Echo Bonus The Echo Bonus symbol can only appear on reel 3. An Echo Bonus symbol appearing anywhere on reel 3 activates the Bonus Game. The symbol sends out 3 sonar signals, searching the reel area for hidden torpedoes. It will always find a random number between 2 and 5 torpedoes. The number of torpedoes found determines the number of torpedoes in the Bonus Game. Bonus Game Choose an enemy ship, take aim and fire your torpedoes to reveal your win. One of the ships is the Premium Ship so if you hit it, your win will be even bigger! Each ship you torpedo displays a different win amount. Your win is multiplied by a multiplier that is attached to each torpedo that increases after every hit until your torpedoes have run out. The multiplier to be used for each torpedo can be found in the mutiplier panel at the bottom of the screen. The multipliers are x1, x2, x3, x5 and x10. Pick a ship and fire your torpedo! The Bonus Game ends when all of the torpedoes have been fired. The maximum single win in the Bonus Game is 250000 coins while the maximum total win in the Bonus Game is 256600 coins. The coin wins in the Bonus Game are proportional to the bet level in the round that activated the Bonus Game. At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Bonus Game is won . Stop Autoplay when a Bonus Game is won. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.1% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Bonus Game Bonus Game Echo Bonus Echo Bonus Echo Wild Echo Wild Multiplier Multiplier Total Win Total win