Dragon Island™ Game Rules Dragon Island™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot in which players can experience the mystical world of dragons. The game features Win Both Ways, Golden Wild substitutions and Free Spins with an Expanded Wild. You can play 1 to 15 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value. The bet lines are set using the LINES selector. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). WIN BOTH WAYS doubles your bet and activates right to left bet line wins in addition to left to right. Win Both Ways adds simultaneous wins on the same bet line and displays them as a single win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Expanded Wild and Golden Wild can substitute the regular Wild. Wins with Golden Wild substituting as the Wild pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. When Win Both Ways is activated, bet line wins pay when in succession from either, leftmost to right or rightmost to left. 5 matching symbols on a bet line with Win Both Ways activated pays x2. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Golden Wild symbols. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Coin wins on Scatter symbols are added to any bet line wins. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. If the Golden Wild symbol appears on an inactive betline, then the multiplier is not displayed. Golden Wild When Win Both Ways is activated, Golden Wild symbols can appear randomly on the middle reel only both in the main game and Free Spins for a chance at bigger wins. Golden Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wins on Golden Wilds are randomly multiplied by x2 up to x8 when completing winning bet lines. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. Scatter Free spins won Bet multiplier 5 50 100 4 20 10 3 10 3 2 - 2 Free Spins features an Expanded Wild, which appears on a random reel before each spin. Expanded Wild can substitute all the symbols except the Scatter symbols. When the Expanded Wild appears, it covers the entire reel. Free Spins are played at the same number of lines, level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded per Scatter symbol is the same in the main game and Free Spins. Any Free spins won are automatically added to the current Free spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turn on or off quick spin. Intro screen . Turn on or off the intro screen. Waterfall animation . Turn on or off the waterfall animation. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Graphics quality . Adjust quality for poor network connection. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Autoplay Autoplay Free Spins Free Spins Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Expanded Wild Expanded Wild Golden Wild Golden Wild Win Both Ways Win Both Ways Last modification date: 2/1/2017