Robin Hood: Shifting Riches™ Game Rules Robin Hood: Shifting Riches™ is a 5-reel, 20-line video slot featuring Shifting Reels™ with increasing multiplier up to x5, Wild substitutions, and Free Spins that start when 4 money bags are collected in a chest. You can play 20 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Money Bag symbols and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 before the Shifting Reels™ feature begins. During Free Spins, Wild symbols can only appear on reels 3, 4 and 5. Wild and Extra Wild pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Changes in the bet amount affects the coin value in Free Spins. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Shifting Reels™ Feature Any bet line win triggers the Shifting Reels™ feature for a chance at extra wins with an increasing Multiplier up to x5. See in-game paytable for details. When the x5 multiplier is reached, all subsequent shifts will also have a x5 multiplier. Shifting Reels™ continues until no new wins are generated. The reels shift one position to the right, making way for a new reel on the left, and possible winning combinations. As long as there are new bet line wins the reels continue to shift. Money bag symbols are replaced by Wild symbols when Shifting Reels™ is active. The Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols during Shifting Reels™. Shifting Reels™ also occur during Free Spins. Free Spins 4 money bags in a single chest award 10 Free Spins. At the start of Free Spins, you can have more than one complete chest. Each extra chest awards an additional 10 Free spins. Collected money bags, that have not been used, are saved for future game play for up to one year. Free Spins starts with one of the main characters being randomly selected as the Free Spins Extra Wild symbol. Free Spins uses a different set of reels with the following changes: A chest appears below each reel in the main game. Money bags randomly appear on the reels, and are added to the corresponding chest below the reel. In Free Spins, the Extra Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 3, 4, and 5. Money bags are not won in Free Spins. 2 or more Free Spins symbols activate extra Free Spins. 2 Free Spin symbols award 5 additional Free Spins. 3 Free Spin symbols award 10 additional Free Spins. Free spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free spins. When Free Spins end, the total win in Free Spins is displayed according to the active coin value in the main game. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins and Shifting Reels™ can be activated in the same game round. If this occurs, Free Spins is played first, followed by Shifting Reels™ upon returning to the main game. Free Spin Coin Value Calculation The Free Spins Coin Value is based on the average of the bets placed when the money bags were collected. To see the bet level and coin value for each of the money bags collected, click a chest in the main game. The formula for calculating the Free Spins coin value with 4 money bags is: Y 1x Z 1⁄4 + Y 2x Z 2⁄4 + Y 3x Z 3⁄4 + Y 4x Z 4⁄4 Where each Y is the coin value and each Z is the bet level that was active when the corresponding money bag was collected. Note: The Free Spins coin value in the game is truncated and only shows the first four digits after the decimal. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turn on or off quick spin. Intro screen . Turn on or off the intro screen. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Animations . Turn the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Quick win presentation . Turn on or off the quick win presentation. Graphics quality . Adjust quality for poor network connection. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Extra Wild Extra Wild Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Shifting Reels™ Shifting Reels™ Sticky Win Sticky Win