Wild Water™ Game Rules Wild Water™ is a 5-reel 20-bet line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Free Spins, stacked symbols and special Surf Team and Surf's Up bonus wins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), bet levels 1-10 and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 20 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins apply to bet line wins, Surf Team and Surf’s Up bonus wins only. Stacked Symbols In both the main game and Free Spins, surfer symbols appear as stacked symbols on the reels (see paytable page 4 for surfer symbols). A stacked symbol is a symbol that either partially covers a reel (1 or 2 positions on a reel), or covers all 3 positions on a reel. Stacked symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. Any part of a stacked surfer symbol included in a winning bet line pays according to the paytable. Surf Team and Surf's Up Bonus Wins In both the main game and in Free Spins, Surf Team and Surf’s Up bonus wins are activated when any combination of all 5 surfer symbols or all 5 different surfer symbols appear on all 5 reels. Surf Team Bonus Win All 5 different surfer symbols appearing as stacked symbols of 3 on all 5 reels pay the current bet x200. Surf’s Up Bonus Win Any combination of 5 surfer symbols appearing as stacked symbols of 3 on all 5 reels pay the current bet x20. Surf Team and Surf’s Up bonus wins in coins is equal to the current bet multiplied by the applicable bonus win multiplier (x200 or x20). Surf Team and Surf’s Up bonus wins in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. A Surf’s Up bonus win cannot be won simultaneously with a Surf Team bonus win. Bet line wins are added to any Surf Team and Surf’s Up bonus wins. Wild Wild symbols can appear on any reel in the main game and in Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . In Free Spins, Wild symbols automatically expand to cover the entire reel they appear on if resulting in a bet line win. Wild symbols cannot substitute surfer symbols to complete Surf Team or Surf’s Up bonus wins. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. The number of Free Spins won is according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. TOTAL WIN displays any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Surf Team Surf Team Surf's Up Surf's Up Last modification date: 11/30/2020