Scarface™ Game Rules Scarface™ is a 5-reel, 20-line video slot featuring 3 unique Stacked Wilds, each of which activate either the Bonus Game, Nudge Spins, or Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Stacked Wild and Scarface™ Wild Reels 2, 3 and 4 each have a unique Stacked Wild of 3 symbols. A Stacked Wild substitutes for all symbols, except other Stacked Wilds. If only a partial Stacked Wild appears on the reels, the visible part will become Scarface™ Wild. Scarface™ Wild substitutes for all symbols. A full Stacked Wild appearing on any of the reels also activates its corresponding game feature. Reel 2 = Nudge Spins Reel 3 = Bonus Game Reel 4 = 15 Free Spins Stacked Wild and Scarface™ Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . All Stacked Wilds can appear in Free Spins. If 3 unique Stacked Wilds are triggered simultaneously in main game and Free Spins, then the Bonus Game is played first, followed by Free Spins and Nudge Spins. Nudge Spins A full Stacked Wild appearing on reel 2 activates Nudge Spins. In Nudge Spins, the Stacked Wild on reel 2 is changed to a Nudge Wild. Nudge Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Stacked Wilds. The Nudge Wild is automatically nudged down one position while the other reels, and the symbols above the Nudge Wild, respin for a chance at bigger wins. If Free Spins is activated during Nudge Spins, Nudge Spins will continue in Free Spins. If the Bonus Game is activated during Nudge Spins, Nudge Spins will continue after the Bonus Game. Nudge Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Nudge Spins. Nudge Spins ends when the Nudge Wild no longer appears on the reels. A Nudge Wild cannot be re-triggered during a Nudge Spin. Free Spins A full Stacked Wild appearing on reel 4, activates 15 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. A full Stacked Wild appearing on reel 4 during Free Spins, activates an additional 15 Free Spins. The x3 multiplier applies during both Free Spins and additional Free Spins. A full Stacked Wild appearing on reel 3 during Free Spins, activates the Bonus Game. If Bonus Game is activated during Free Spins, Free Spins will continue after the Bonus Game. Bet line wins in Free Spins pay win amount x3 excluding any Bonus Game winnings. Nudge Spin wins in Free Spins are also multiplied by x3. Nudge Spins occurring during Free Spins do not reduce the number of Free Spins remaining. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Bonus Game A full Stacked Wild appearing on reel 3 activates the Bonus Game. Protect Tony from Sosa's advancing hit squad! Before each bonus round, Tony's gun is loaded with either: Bullets - kills the enemy in the selected square. Grenade - kills the enemy in the selected square and all enemies in adjacent squares. Each kill adds the coin amount displayed in the square to the total win. The coin amounts awarded per enemy killed are based on the bet level of the round which activated the Bonus Game. Surviving enemies advance toward Tony while more enemies appear and a new bonus round begins. The Bonus Game ends when an enemy reaches one of the 4 squares nearest to Tony and is not killed. At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. Only one Bonus Game awarded per spin. The Bonus Game is played with 1 of 450 scenarios and the maximum coin win in any scenario is 8000. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Quick Spin (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen Animations Audio Graphics Quality Game History (not available when Playing for Fun) Keyboard Shortcuts Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology English (Locale) Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Free Spins Free Spins Bonus Game Bonus Game Nudge Spins Nudge Spins Nudge Wild Nudge Wild Paytable Paytable