The Wish Master Game Rules The Wish Master™ is a 5-reel 20-bet line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, scatter symbols and a bonus feature with extra multipliers,expanding Wilds and extra Wild substitutions. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 20 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. The Wish Master™ Bonus Feature A Scatter symbol appearing anywhere on the reels causes the genie to escape from its lamp and activate one of the following features randomly for 10 spins: 1 of 2 symbols are replaced by a Wild symbol whenever the corresponding symbol to the feature that appears in the feature inventory appears on the reels In each spin, 2 Floating Wilds appear on the reels in random locations Any Wild appearing on the reels becomes an Expanding Wild which automatically expands to cover the entire reel Bet line wins are multiplied by a multiplier of either x2 or x3. If Both x2 and x3 multipliers are active features, all wins are multiplied by 6. A Wild reel. A whole reel is filled with Wild symbols. The Wild reel appears on the same reel as the Scatter symbol activating the bonus feature. After a feature is activated, the spin counter is set to 10 spins during which the selected feature is active. Each random feature activated is displayed in the feature inventory at the top-left of the reels If a new Scatter symbol appears on the reels while another feature is active, an additional feature is added to the feature inventory, both features are active and the spin counter is increased by 5 spins. A maximum of 3 features can be active on the reels at the same time. If a Scatter symbol appears when 3 features are already active, the feature that was added first is replaced by a new one and 5 extra spins added to the spin count. The feature inventory can never contain 2 of the same feature (in this context, different wild reels don’t count as being the same feature), meaning any new feature that is activated is selected randomly between those features not already in the feature inventory. If the inventory is empty and several Scatters appear simultaneously, each Scatter activates a feature starting from the leftmost Scatter to the rightmost Scatter, with 10 spins added to the spin counter for the first Scatter and 5 spins to the spin counter for subsequent Scatters. If the inventory is not empty and several Scatters appear simultaneously, they will each activate a feature starting from the leftmost Scatter to the rightmost Scatter and 5 spins added to the spin counter. When 4 or 5 simultaneous Scatters appear on the reels, the 1 or 2 features linked to the leftmost Scatters will not come into play and appear in the inventory. In this case, 5 spins will still be added to the spin counter for each Scatter that appears, even if the feature does not appear in the inventory. More than 1 Scatter can never appear simultaneously in the same column. A Floating Wild can appear on top of and subsequently replace other Wilds that are already on the reels. If the current bet level or coin value is raised during the bonus feature, the spin counter is reset to 0 and any feature in the feature inventory removed. Wild Wild symbols can appear on any reel and will substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Raise bet screen. . Turns the raise bet warning message on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. On feature Win . Stops Autoplay when the feature is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.6% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Autoplay Autoplay Mulitiplier Multiplier Random Wild Random Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Extra Wild Extra Wild Wild Reel Wild Reel Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter