Big Bang™ Game Rules Big Bang™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25-bet line video slot. The game features Wild substitutions and a progressive multiplier of up to X32! The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-4 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 25 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. All wins are shown in coins. Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Multiplier Meter The Multiplier Meter is a progressive multiplier that increases bet line wins by a minimum of X1 and up to a maximum of X32. After any spin resulting in 1 or more winning combinations, the Multiplier Meter increases to the next multiplier value. The table below lists the multiplier applicable to each consecutive spin with a winning combination: Spin Multiplier 1 X1 2 X2 3 X4 4 X8 5 X16 6 X32 If a spin results in no winning combinations, the Multiplier Meter resets to or remains at X1. If the Multiplier Meter reaches X32, subsequent spins that result in wins continue to pay X32. If you increase the current bet after any spin that resulted in a winning combination, a message asks you to confirm the increase. If you choose Yes to increase the bet, the current multiplier automatically resets to X1 for the next spin. If you choose No and keep the current bet, the multiplier remains the same. Note: This message about confirmation of bet increase may be enabled / disabled in the Game Settings. Note: Decreasing the bet does not reset the multiplier. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Raise bet screen. Turns the raise bet warning message on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Last modification date: 1/31/2017