Beach™ Untitled Document Game Rules Beach™ is a 5-column, 20-line game featuring Free Waves, Wild substitutions and the Octopus wild. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. Wild Wild symbols can appear only on columns 1, 2, 4, and 5, and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols and the Octopus Wild symbol. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Octopus Wild The Octopus Wild is a Wild symbol and it also has the ability to swap symbols to create a higher total win. The Octopus Wild symbol appears only on column 3 and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Wild symbols. To create the highest possible total win, the Octopus Wild has the ability to swap the positions of any 2 symbols on adjacent positions on columns 2, 3, and 4 (excluding its own position). When the Octopus Wild finds a swap combination that gives the highest possible total win, it swaps those 2 symbols, the win is paid and the Octopus leaves the game. If there is no suitable swap combination, the Octopus Wild waits to the left of the columns. The x2 symbol remains in place and new waves are generated until a swap opportunity occurs. All Octopus Wild wins are multiplied by 2. The Octopus Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Free Waves 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the columns in the main game and in Free Waves activate Free Waves according to the PAYTABLE . Free Waves are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round activating Free Waves. Additional Free Waves won are automatically added to the current Free Waves. At the end of Free Waves, the total win from Free Waves is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Waves. If Free Waves is won while the Octopus Wild is waiting for a swap opportunity, the Free Waves will start immediately. When Free Waves has finished the Octopus Wild continues waiting until a swap is made. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of waves to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick play . Turns the quick play on or off. (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turn on or off the intro screen. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjust quality for poor network connection. Spacebar to play . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Waves is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Waves is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note : When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Waves, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Waves Free Waves Octopus Wild Octopus Wild Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Last modification date: 2/1/2017