Thief™ Game Rules Thief™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25-bet line video slot featuring Free Spins, Adrenaline Free Spins with a Diamond symbol and Expanding Wild substitutions. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at 25 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with regular Scatter symbols and Adrenaline Scatter symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Expanding Wild Expanding Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and in Free Spins. Expanding Wild symbols automatically expand to cover the entire reel they appear on if resulting in a bet line win. Expanding Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except regular Scatter symbols and Adrenaline Scatter symbols. Expanding Wild symbols cannot appear in Adrenaline Free Spins. Free Spins 3 regular Scatter symbols or any 3 mixed regular Scatter symbols and Adrenaline Scatter symbols, appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, and 5 in the main game, activates 10 Free Spins. Adrenaline Scatter symbols and the Diamond symbol cannot appear on the reels in Free Spins (see PAYTABLE for the Diamond symbol). Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, 3 regular Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, and 5 activate 10 additional Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Adrenaline Free Spins 3 Adrenaline Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, and 5 in the main game and in Adrenaline Free Spins activate 10 Adrenaline Free Spins. Only Thief Tool symbols, Adrenaline Scatter symbols, and the Diamond symbol can appear on the reels (see PAYTABLE for Thief Tool symbols and the Diamond symbol). Adrenaline Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Adrenaline Free Spins. Additional Adrenaline Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Adrenaline Free Spins. At the end of Adrenaline Free Spins, the total win from Adrenaline Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Adrenaline Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If Adrenaline Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Adrenaline Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, Adrenaline Free Spins or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Adrenaline Free Spins Adrenaline Free Spins Adrenaline Scatter Adrenaline Scatter Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Autoplay Autoplay