Fisticuffs™ Game Rules Fisticuffs™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 10-line video slot. The game features Win Both Ways, a Boxing Feature with a Straight Wild, a Diagonal Wild and a re-spin with Stacked Wilds. The game is played with 10 bet lines (both ways and fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line from both ways is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. 5 matching symbols on a bet line is a Win Both Ways win and pays twice the amount displayed on the PAYTABLE . Wild All Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Boxing Feature The Boxing Feature transforms adjacent symbols into additional Wild substitutions. The Boxing Feature is activated when the Diagonal Wild symbol and the Straight Wild symbol appear next to each other either horizontally or diagonally on the reels: If 1 or 2 Diagonal Wilds appear on the same row as a Straight Wild. If 1 or 2 Diagonal Wilds appear diagonally to the Straight Wild. During the Boxing Feature, Wild symbols remain on the reels for 1 awarded re-spin. Straight Wild Straight Wild can only appear on reel 3 and substitutes for all symbols. If 1 or 2 Diagonal Wilds appear on the same row as Straight Wild: Straight Wild punches Diagonal Wild to reel 1 and/or reel 5 transforming symbols in-between into additional Wild symbols. Diagonal Wild Diagonal Wild can only appear on reels 2 and 4 and substitutes for all symbols. If 1 or 2 Diagonal Wilds appear diagonally to Straight Wild: Diagonal Wild punches Straight Wild, transforming the symbol above or below Diagonal Wild into an additional Wild. Stacked Wild The Stacked Wild appears on reels 1 and 5 in the re-spin only and substitutes for all symbols. Re-spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the re-spin. Re-spin wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or re-spin, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Win Both Ways Win Both Ways Diagonal Wild Diagonal Wild Straight Wild Straight Wild Boxing Feature Boxing Feature Game rules generated: 2015-01-27 Last modification date: 1/31/2017