Lucky Angler: A Snowy Catch™ Game Rules Lucky Angler: A Snowy Catch™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 15-bet line video slot featuring Free Spins, Win Both Ways, and Sticky Wild substitutions. The game is played on 15 bet lines (fixed), 1 - 10 levels (30 coins per level), and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at 15 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet line wins pay when in succession from either leftmost reel to right or rightmost reel to left. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. 5 matching symbols on a bet line is a Win Both Ways win and pays twice the amount displayed on the PAYTABLE . Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Sticky Wild Sticky Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. In the main game, Sticky Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2 and 4. In Free Spins, Sticky Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Sticky Wild symbol on reel 3 appears automatically on row 2 only and sticks until Free Spins ends. A Sticky Wild symbol completing a winning combination stays on the reel until there are no new wins with the Sticky Wild symbol. Sticky Wild symbols won on a round activating Free Spins do not apply to Free Spins and are restored in the main game when Free Spins ends. If either the bet level or coin value are changed while Sticky Wild symbols are on the reels, the Sticky Wild symbols will no longer apply to the following spin. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Sticky Wild symbols on the reels at the end of Free Spins do not apply to the following main game round. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function The spin button plays the game at the current bet level and coin value. Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings. On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Last modification date: 11/30/2020