Demolition Squad™ Game Rules Demolition Squad™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring the Demolition Wild and Free Spins. Play 40 fixed bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin coin win amounts are multiplied by 3. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Demolition Wild All symbols except the Wild symbols appearing in the main game or Free Spins between Wild symbols, either horizontally, vertically or diagonally transform into a Demolition Wild. Demolition Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. If Wild symbols appear in the same position on reels 2 and 4, then the symbol between them and the two Wild symbols all become Demolition Wild symbols. A Scatter symbol which has been transformed into a Demolition Wild still counts as a Scatter. If Free Spins is triggered at the same time as Demolition Wild, Free Spins will be played after the Demolition Wild win presentation. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay if the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.1 % Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Demolition Wild Demolition Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Game rules generated: 2014-03-25 Last modification date: 2/1/2017