Wild Turkey™ Game Rules Wild Turkey™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20 bet line video slot featuring Free Spins, Wild substitutions and Stacked Wild symbols in Free Spins. The game is played with 1-20 bet lines, 1-10 levels and different coin values. The bet lines are set using the LINES selector. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 20 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for Free Spins won with Wild and Stacked Wild symbols. Wild Wild symbols can only appear in the main game and substitutes for all symbols. 3 or more Wild symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins Stacked Wild symbols can only appear in Free Spins and substitute for all symbols. Stacked Wild symbol substitutions pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . The Stacked Wild can appear as a single symbol, or a Stacked Wild of 2, or a Stacked Wild of 3. A Stacked Wild of 3 appearing on any reel and covering the entire reel it appears on during Free Spins activates 2 additional Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same number of bet lines, bet level, and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.6% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Free Spins Free Spins Last modification date: 10/14/2020