Thunderfist Thunderfist™ Game Rules Thunderfist™ is a 5-reel video slot featuring 243 ways to win, Stacked Wild substitutions, and Free Spins with a random multiplier of up to x5! There are no bet lines. You can play 243 bet ways at different bet levels and coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Stacked Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Bet way wins are multiplied by the bet level. Bet ways win when matching symbols appear anywhere on adjacent reels from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet way paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Stacked Wild Stacked Wild symbols can appear on any reel in the main game as well as in Free Spins. Stacked Wilds can appear as a single symbol, or a Stacked Wild of 2, or a Stacked Wild of 3. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. 5 Scatters = 20 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 15 Free Spins 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins In Free Spins a random multiplier increases bet way wins by x2 up to x5. Random Multiplier is awarded for every win in Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin symbol wins are added to any bet way wins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Quick Spin (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen Ambience sound Sound effects Graphics Quality Keyboard Shortcuts Game History (not available when Playing for Fun) Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically.Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Random Multiplier Random Multiplier Last modification date: 10/14/2020