Lost Island Lost Island™ Game Rules Lost Island™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, multipliers and Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Wild Wild symbols can randomly appear anywhere on reels in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. 1 Wild symbol appearing randomly anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activates a multiplier of x1. The total multiplier value is equal to the number of simultaneously appearing Wild symbols, from a minimum of x1 and up to a maximum of x5. A spin resulting in 5 or more Wild symbols activates a multiplier of x5. Multipliers apply to coin wins only. Wild Symbols in Free Spins At the start of Free Spins, a Wild symbol automatically appears in the centre position of reel 3 and remains on the reels until Free Spins end. In Free Spins, Wild symbols can appear as single symbols or stacked symbols of 2 and/or 3. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. TOTAL WIN displays any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.5% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Game rules generated: 2015-01-27