Evolution™ Game Rules Evolution™ is a 5-reel, 3-row 25-line video slot with the reels spinning upwards on the screen. The game features Wild substitutions, Free Spins with the new Evolution feature offering even more chances for big wins. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the main game only. Free Spin symbol coin wins pay total bet multiplied by the multiplier displayed in the PAYTABLE in the main game only. Free Spin symbol wins are added to any bet line wins. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. Wild Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2,3,4, and 5, and substitute for all symbols except Free Spin symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins In the main game, 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. The number of Free Spins won is according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Evolution Feature The Evolution feature is activated in Free Spins by winning symbol combinations and starts after the payout. Following a payout on any symbol winning combination, all symbols in the winning combination and all identical symbols on the reels will evolve to the next symbol level, excluding Wild symbols. When simultaneous wins on different winning symbol combinations occur, the winning symbols evolve to the next symbol level independently of each other. The reels remain the same until a new winning symbol combination or until Free Spins ends. The Evolution feature applies only as far as the highest symbol within each symbol group. There are two symbol groups each with 5 symbols, complex organisms on page 4, and simple organisms on page 5 of the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols do not evolve during the Evolution feature. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.3% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Paytable Paytable Evolution Evolution Game rules generated: 2014-03-25