Disco Spins™ Game Rules Disco Spins™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-bet line video slot featuring 2 Free Spins Modes and a Dance Floor Wild feature. The game is played on 20 bet lines (fixed), 1 - 10 levels, and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at 20 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Dance Floor Wild Each spin 15 dance floor tiles appear on the reels with a random coloured pattern. If the colour of the dance floor tile matches the colour of the Disco Dancer symbol that appears on top of it, the Disco Dancer symbol automatically becomes a Wild symbol (see PAYTABLE for Disco Dancer Symbols and their colours). Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . 2 Free Spins Modes Scatter symbols can only appear on reels 3, 4 and 5 in the main game, Free Spins and Disco Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, and 5, in the main game activates Free Spins. If Free Spins is activated, 1 of 2 Free Spins modes can be selected to play. Select to play either the Disco Spins mode or a regular Free Spins mode by clicking on a ball or a SELECT button. The Disco Spins mode and the regular Free Spins mode are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Disco Spins Mode If selected, the Disco Spins mode begins with 10 Disco Spins. Only Disco Dancer symbols and Scatter symbols can appear on the reels (see PAYTABLE for Disco Dancer symbols). Additional Disco Spins can be won during Disco Spins. 2 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, or 5 in Disco Spins activate 3 additional Disco Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, or 5 in Disco Spins activate 10 additional Disco Spins. Additional Disco Spins won are automatically added to the current Disco Spins. At the end of Disco Spins, the total win from Disco Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Disco Spins. Regular Free Spins Mode If selected, the regular Free Spins mode begins with 15 Free Spins. Bet line wins in Free Spins pay win amount x3. Additional Free Spins can be won during the regular Free Spins mode. 2 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, or 5 in the regular Free Spins mode activate 3 additional Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, or 5 in the regular Free Spins mode activate 15 additional Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Autoplay Free Spins To set Autoplay Free Spins options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . Select Disco Spins. Automatically plays the Disco Spins mode if Free Spins are won. Select Free Spins. Automatically plays the regular Free Spins Mode if Free Spins are won. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Disco Spins Disco Spins Last modification date: 2/1/2017