Subtopia™ Game Rules Subtopia™ brings underwater adventures to new depths in this 5-reel, 20-bet line video slot. The game features Wild substitutions and a Free Spins Multiplier Meter. You can play 1 to 20 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Free Spins Multiplier Meter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . In the main game a Random Multiplier multiplies bet line wins by 1, 2, 3, or 5 during any spin, excluding Scatter wins. The Random Multiplier randomly selects a multiplier at the start of each spin to apply for that particular spin, even if there is no win. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Scatter wins pay independent of the number of lines selected. 5 scatter symbols pay the total bet multiplied by 100. Coin wins on Scatter symbols are added to any bet line wins. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same number of bet lines, bet level, and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. In Free Spins a Multiplier Meter symbol appears randomly on reel 5 only, increasing wins by x2 up to x6. In Free Spins, Multiplier Meter starts at x2. Wins are multiplied by the multiplier displayed on the Multiplier Meter. The multiplier increases each the time Multiplier Meter symbol appears. Free Spins ends when the Multiplier Meter reaches the crossbones. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from the Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated the Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.1 % Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Last modification date: 5/28/2015