Neon Staxx Game Overview Neon StaxxTM is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-bet line video slot, featuring SuperStaxxTM, Free Spins, Scatter symbols and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. . Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on thePAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. . Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. The SuperStaxxTM Feature The SuperStaxx feature is a stack of symbols that appears on the reels. In the main game and in Free Spins, stacked symbols can appear on any reel. All five reels contain a number of adjacent positions that, for every new spin, are randomly replaced with one symbol from the paytable, except for the Scatter symbol. The randomly selected symbol appears in stacks at the beginning of each spin along with the other symbols. In Free Spins, only the Predator symbols or the Wild symbol are randomly selected as the stacked symbol for the entire Free Spins round. Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays a winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen, Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history. Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify, If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.90% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Translations of Game Terminology Return to Player Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English.