Ghost Pirates Ghost Pirates™ is a 5-reel video slot that offers 243 ways to win. In addition, the game has Scatter wins, Free Spins, and Wild substitutions. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. There are no bet lines. You can play 3, 9, 27, 81 or 243 bet ways at 1 to 5 bet levels. The bet way is set using the BET WAYS selector. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet way, highest bet level, and the current coin value. Win calculations are based on consecutive left to right symbol combinations. The first symbol in the win combination must be on the first reel. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. In both the main game and Free Spins, Wild symbols only appear on reels 2 and 4. Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing consecutively on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins according to the Paytable. Coin wins on Scatter symbols are calculated by multiplying the total bet for the round by value shown in the Paytable. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. All wins pay on selected bet ways only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing consecutively on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins according to the Paytable. Scatter symbols must appear in succession, starting from the leftmost reel. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. Bet way wins in Free Spins pay win amount x3. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start the game round at the current bet way, bet level, and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to view the Paytable. Click to return to the game. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.28% - 96.88% The higher the number of bet ways played, the higher the RTP is. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term English Term Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021