Wild Wild West: The Great Train Heist™ Game Rules Wild Wild West: The Great Train Heist™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 10-line (fixed) video slot with 4 different Wild features, Free Spins, and a Pick and Click feature. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Regular Wild symbols act as Wild symbols only and substitute for all symbols, except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only except for coin wins during the Pick and Click feature. At the end of the Pick and Click feature, the total win from the Pick and Click feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Pick and Click feature. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate Free Spins according to the Paytable. 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 20 Free Spins 5 Scatters = 30 Free Spins Before the Free Spins session starts, the Wild Selector Wheel appears and starts spinning. After the player stops the wheel, a Wild feature is randomly selected and activated. Alternatively, the wheel stops automatically after 30 seconds. During Free Spins, an Overlay Wild symbol randomly appears on reels 1-3 in every spin and works the same as the active Wild feature. The Overlay Wild symbol randomly appears on a reel position that is not already covered by a Wild feature. Scatter symbols are counted before any Overlay Wild symbol or Wild feature is activated. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins session without a new Wild Selector Wheel. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Each Free Spins session randomly features one of the four different Wild features that can appear anywhere on the reels: Regular Wild Regular Wild symbols act as Wild symbols only and substitute for all symbols, except for Scatter symbols. Expanding Wild Expanding Wild symbols automatically expand to cover the entire reel they appear on if resulting in a bet line win. X2 Multiplier Wild Wins with X2 Multiplier Wild symbols are multiplied x2 when completing a winning bet line. Spreading Wild The Spreading Wild symbol turns 1 adjacent or diagonal symbol into an additional Wild symbol. Pick and Click Feature The Pick and Click feature is activated when 3 Bonus symbols appear on the reels, in the main game only. The Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. The player clicks on one of the Bonus symbols to reveal a coin win. Only 1 prize is awarded per Pick and Click game. After the player has been presented with the win, the coin win amounts for the 2 other Bonus symbols not picked are revealed. The coin win in the Pick and Click game varies between x5 - x50 X bet. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If Pick and Click is won. Stops Autoplay if Pick and Click is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% Last modification date: 12/28/2021