Starburst Touch StarburstŌäó Game Rules StarburstŌäó is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the StarburstŌäó Wild with re-spins, and win both ways. You can play 1 to 10 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. StarburstŌäó Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from either leftmost to right and/or rightmost to left is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.01 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. StarburstŌäó Wilds The StarburstŌäó Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. One or more StarburstŌäó Wilds appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the StarburstŌäó Wild feature. During the StarburstŌäó Wild feature, the StarburstŌäó Wilds expand to cover the entire reel and remain in place while the other reels re-spin. If a new StarburstŌäó Wild appears during a re-spin, it expands and holds in place together with any previously expanded StarburstŌäó Wilds for another re-spin. The StarburstŌäó Wild feature ends when no new StarburstŌäó Wilds appear during a re-spin. Up to 2 additional StarburstŌäó Wild symbols can appear after a StarburstŌäó Wild activates a re-spin, triggering 1 additional re-spin for each appearing StarburstŌäó Wild symbol, for a maximum of 3 re-spins. Re-spins are played at the same bet as the round activating the re-spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turn the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.1% The maximum win from a single game is ┬Ż250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Last modification date: 10/16/2020