Parthenon: Quest for Immortality Parthenon: Quest for Immortality™ is a 6-reel video slot featuring the Wild Generation Zone feature and Free Spins with a progressive Multiplier. The reels are 4, 5, 5, 5, 5, 4 symbols high from left to right. The game is played with 10 000 bet ways and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). There are no bet lines. Matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Medusa symbols is 4 symbols on reels 1-4. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Medusa symbols on each of these reels: 1 x 3 x 1 x 2 = 6 winning bet ways. Avalanche™ A bet way win starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Generation Zone Feature and Wild Symbols In the main game and in Free Spins, the top row is the Wild Generation Zone. In the main game and in Free Spins, any symbol in the Wild Generation Zone becoming a part of a winning combination transforms into a Wild symbol after the wins are evaluated and before the next Avalanche. Wild symbols remain on the reels until they disappear as a part of a winning combination or until the next spin. Wild symbols can appear on the reels only in the Wild Generation Zone feature. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Free Spins symbols and Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Free Spins with a Progressive Multiplier 3 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on reels in the main game award 8 Free Spins. Each additional Free Spins symbol activating Free Spins awards 4 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are awarded after the last Avalanche when there are no more wins. In Free Spins, at the end of each spin one point is added to the Scatter meter for each Scatter symbol appearing on the reels. When the number of points on the Scatter meter reaches 3, it is reset to 0, and 2 additional Free Spins are awarded. There is no maximum number of Free Spins. During Free Spins, all bet way wins are multiplied by the current Multiplier. The Multiplier starts at x1, and each symbol transforming into a Wild symbol in Free Spins increases the Multiplier by 1 up to a maximum of x20. The Multiplier is increased after the wins are evaluated. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the main game, and the Multiplier is reset. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Intro screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.03%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Avalanche Avalanche Wild Wild Wild Generation Zone Wild Generation Zone Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Way Way Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Epic Win Epic Win Game rules generated: Last modification date: 9/28/2021