Excalibur Game Rules Excalibur is a 5-reel, 20-line multiple coin slot featuring wild and scatter symbols. You can play 1 to 20 bet lines at 1 to 4 bet levels. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines and bet level. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. AUTO automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Golden Wild. Wins with regular Wild symbols pay win x2 when substituting other symbols. Golden Wild symbol appears only on reel 3. Golden Wild substitutes for all symbols, except Scatters, and pays win amount x4 when substituting regular symbols. Only one Golden Wild multiplier is applied to bet line wins with both Wild and Golden Wild symbols appearing on a winning line. During Free Spins, betline wins from Wild and Golden Wild symbols are multiplied by the Wild multiplier as well as the Free Spins multiplier. Scatter symbol pays total bet times multiplier. Coin wins on Scatter symbols are added to any bet line wins. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines selected. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . These Free Spins are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same number of bet lines, bet level, and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Wins are tripled on Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.1% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 12/28/2021