Arcane Reel Chaos Arcane: Reel Chaos™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, 4 mini features and progressive Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values. Bet value is set by increasing or decreasing the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to wager. The game can be played with Cash or Coins and a player can switch between the two at any time during a game, including Free Spins. To toggle between cash and coins, click 1 of 3 fields either side of the spin button. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the PAYTABLE are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Only one mini feature can be activated at a time. After a mini feature is completed, the total win from the mini feature is added to the cash or coin balance. Free Spin wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Mini features cannot be activated at the same time as Free Spins. Wild Regular Wild symbols can appear on any reel in the main game and in the Chrono Re-spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Psyop's Stacked Wilds The feature is randomly activated in the main game. When Psyop appears during a spin, 3 Stacked Wild overlays are created that cover an entire reel. Stacked Wilds appear on 2 or 3 reels during the feature. Flare’s Multiplier The feature is randomly activated in the main game when a bet line win occurs. When Flare appears during a spin, the multiplier increases bet line wins by x3, x4 or x5. Multipliers apply to the current spin and multiply all bet line wins. Chrono’s Re-spin The feature is randomly activated in the main game on a no-win game round but not when 3 Scatter symbols appear on the reels. The Chrono's Re-spin feature activates a Re-spin on all 5 reels after a no-win spin. The Re-spin feature will continue until a bet line win occurs. During the Chrono's Re-spin feature, Scatter symbols are not present on the reels. For every re-spin a progressive multiplier increases bet line wins by a minimum of x2 and up to a maximum of x10. With every new re-spin the multiplier is increased by 1. Multipliers apply to the current spin and multiply all bet line wins. Zero.x’s Overlay Wilds The feature is randomly activated in the main game. When Zero.x appears on the reels during a spin, 3 to 5 random Overlay Wild symbols are created. This feature can be activated on any spin in the main game: even spins where there is a line win. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate Free Spins. When Free Spins is activated a bonus win of x5 the bet is awarded. In Free Spins, the heroes fight the enemy, Deep Pockets, in up to 4 different stages. If the hero passes the final stage, an additional bonus win is awarded. The heroes and Deep Pockets have one health meter each. For each spin, either the hero’s or the current enemy’s health bar will decrease by one. If the spin gives a win the enemy’s health bar decreases by one, if the spin gives no win then the hero’s health decreases by one. When Deep Pocket’s health meter is depleted, a new stage begins and a new battle takes place. The Free Spins fight ends when the health meter of either the heroes, or Deep Pockets, reaches zero. When the feature starts, the heroes’ health meter contains 6 health points and has a multiplier of x1. For every stage the heroes defeat Deep Pockets, both the health meter and multiplier increases by 1. The health meter can only increase to its maximum of 6 points. When finishing the 4th and final stage against Deep Pockets the health bar will not increase. Deep Pockets starts with a different amount of health points, depending on the stage: Stage 1 has 2 health points and a x1 multiplier. Stage 2 has 4 health points and a x2 multiplier. Stage 3 has 5 health points and a x3 multiplier while stage 4 has 6 health points and a x4 multiplier. The enemy health meter cannot increase, only decrease. If the final Deep Pocket’s stage is passed, a bonus of 10 times the initial bet per health points remaining is awarded. Only character symbols can appear on the reels during Free Spins (see PAYTABLE for character symbols). Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. Multipliers apply to the current spin and multiply all bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The Total Win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to access the game settings and game information. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to select the number of Autoplay rounds. If autoplay rounds have been selected, the remaining number of rounds display in the spin button. Click the spin button to stop autoplay. Click up and down arrows to change coin value. To toggle between cash and coins, click 1 of 3 fields either side of the spin button. Click to access the game settings and game information. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to open the game rules. Click to view your latest game history Game History (not available when Playing for Fun) Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the cogwheel icon in the menu. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. Stop if Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.81% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Wild Wild Overlay Wild Overlay Wild Free Spins Free Spins Re-Spin Re-Spin Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Scatter Scatter Big Win Big Win! Mega Win Mega Win! Super Mega Win Super Mega Win! Win Win Balance Balance Bet Bet Victory Bonus Victory Bonus Last modification date: 12/28/2021