Jackpot 6000 html Game Rules Jackpot 6000 is a 3-reel 5-line slot machine featuring Jokers, a Heads or Tails double up game as well as a Supermeter mode. You can bet on up to 5 bet lines in each game round. The minimum bet is 1 coin on 1 bet line, and maximum bet is 10 coins covering all 5 bet lines at 2 coins per line. Click to set the coin value to €0.10. Click to set the coin value to €0.20. Max bet (bet 10) is required to enter the supermeter mode. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines and bet level. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins at bet 2 or higher is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE , while wins at bet 1 pay half the displayed value. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. If the total coin win is equal to 20 coins or less, and you click on the Transfer button, then the win amount is added to your credit and you return to the main game. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on selected bet lines only. The Joker paytable displays winnings for 3 Jokers on a bet line for the different bet levels. Payouts including the wins in Supermeter mode, are made according to the PAYTABLE in the game. For more information see Payout Schedule. If you bet only one coin at bet level one, winnings in the PAYTABLE are halved. Doubling is applicable on all wins, except for the wins from Jokers and Supermeter mode. Each time you win Jackpot 6000, you have the possibility to bet all or part of your winnings on Heads or Tails for a 50/50 chance to double them. If you play max bet in Jackpot 6000 and win, you also have the option to enter Supermeter mode. This does not include wins with jokers. Regardless of bet, all 5 bet lines are selected. Supermeter mode gives you the chance to win on 2 visible Jokers anywhere on the reels, as well as three regular symbols on a bet line. The player then has a chance to play another game or collect the winnings. If the game is lost then the remaining coins, excluding the bet amount for the game played, will be added to the credit meter and the Supermeter mode ends. Winning combinations of symbols are displayed in the PAYTABLE above the reels. In Supermeter mode each combination of 2 Jokers pays a mystery win between 10 and 6000 coins. The Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN . Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . Once the Supermeter mode reaches 6000 or more coins, the amount is automatically collected and the player is returned to the base game. The base game returns to the default coin value and the win in coins from the Supermeter mode is now displayed according to this coin value. Heads or Tails Your winnings are automatically bet on Heads or Tails. To play for the entire win amount, just click the Heads or the Tails button. To play part of your win amount, click Transfer once for each sum of 20 coins from the win amount you want to save, then click the Heads or Tails button to play for the remaining win amount. If you don't want to play Heads or Tails, click Collect to add the win to your credit and return to the slot machine. When you have selected Heads or Tails, the coin is tossed and the winning side of the coin is highlighted. The Heads or Tails game ends when the win amount goes past 3000 coins. If you win, continue to play Heads or Tails or return to the slot machine. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Turns on or off fast play. Return to Player Return to player for bet of 1 to 8 coins: 74.9% - 79.2% Return to player for bet of 10 coins (Max Bet), including the Supermeter mode: 95.1% - 98.9% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Note: Playing the Supermeter mode is skill based and you need to choose the level to collect your winnings. The range of Return to player is due to the skill component of the game. Last modification date: 10/16/2020