Blood Suckers Game Rules Blood Suckers Touch™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25-bet line multiple-coin video slot featuring Scatter wins, Free Spins, Wild substitutes, and a chilling, vampire slaying Bonus Game. You can play 25 fixed bet lines at 1-4 bet levels. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the multiplier displayed in the PAYTABLE . Scatter wins are paid independent of bet line results. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate 10 Free Spins. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Scatter, Free Spin, and bonus wins are added to bet line wins. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins activates 10 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Bet line wins are tripled in Free Spins, excluding additional Free Spins won and any Bonus Game wins. Additional Free Spins won are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Bonus Game 3 or more successive Bonus symbols on an active bet line from leftmost reel to right, activates the Bonus Game. You find yourself in an ancient burial chamber, surrounded by coffins. Open coffins to find and slay vampires. You win coins for every vampire slain. The Bonus Game ends when bats fly out of the selected coffin. Only one Bonus Game is awarded per spin. The coin wins in the Bonus Game are proportional to the bet level and number of Bonus symbols in the round that activated the Bonus Game. At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. The maximum win in coins in the Bonus Game is 20320. Main Game Spin Button Tap to start playing at the current bet lines, bet level and coin value. In landscape mode, touch the game area to hide the Spin button. Quick Stop : Tap the game area during a spin to stop the reels. Menu Tap to access the game settings and game information. Sound Tap to turn Sound on or off without going to the settings menu. Quick settings menu Tap the plus sign to access the Quick settings menu. Autoplay Tap to turn Autoplay on or off without going to the settings menu. Sets 50 rounds by default. Quick Spin Tap to turn Quick spin on or off without going to the settings menu. Exit Tap to leave the game. Game Settings and Game Information Sound Settings Game Sounds : Tap the switch to turn sounds on or off. Spin Settings Autoplay : Drag or tap the slider to enable autoplay to set the autoplay options and the number of rounds. Autoplay plays the game for the selected number of spins. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. Stop if Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. If Bonus Game is won . Stops Autoplay if Bonus Game is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Quick spin : Tap the switch to turn the Quick spin on or off. Left Hand Mode : Tap to turn the left hand mode on or off. Bet Settings Bet in cash : Shows your bet amount in selected currency. Bet in coins : Shows your bet amount in coins. Bet level : Drag or tap the slider to select the number of coins to bet per bet line. Coin value : Drag or tap the slider to select the coin value. Paytable Tap to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Rules Tap to view the game rules. Game History Tap to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Back Tap to go back to the main game. Autoplay and Quick Spin Autoplay Tap to start Autoplay. The number of spins selected is displayed on the button. Stop Autoplay Tap to stop Autoplay. The number of spins remaining is displayed on the button. Quick Spin Tap to start Quick spin. Note: Some operators may not offer all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 98.0% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term All Wins All Wins Autoplay Autoplay Bonus Bonus Bonus Game Bonus Game Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Last modification date: 6/15/2020