HALLOWEEN JACK Halloween Jack™ Game Rules Halloween Jack™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with the Jack´o´lector Feature in Free Spins, and Walking Wilds with Re-Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Symbol Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for Scatter and Lantern symbols. In the main game, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. During Re-Spins, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in both the main game and Free Spins. All wins with Wild symbols pay coin win x3. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during Free Spins, activate 5 additional Free Spins. The Lantern symbol can only appear on reel 5 in Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins and the Walking Wild feature can be activated in the same game round. If this occurs, Free Spins are played first, followed by the Walking Wild. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins (and Re-Spins, if any) added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. The Walking Wild feature When a Wild symbol appears on the reels, a Re-Spin is awarded. During the Re-Spin, the Wild symbol moves one reel to the left. The Re-Spins end, when there are no Wild symbols present on the reels. The Walking Wild feature can be activated in both the main game and in Free Spins. When a Wild symbol appears on the reels during Free Spins, the Free Spins stop, and the Walking Wild feature is activated. The Free Spins continue after the Walking Wild feature ends. If additional Walking Wilds appear during Re-Spins, the Re-Spins will continue until the last Walking Wild has reached the leftmost reel, and the following spin does not contain any Wild symbols. Jack´o´lector Feature During Free Spins, the Lantern symbols that land on reel 5 unlock the following Wild features: Feature Description Stacked Hell Hound Wild Collect 3 Lantern symbols, and the next Wild appearing on the reels will become a 2 symbols high Stacked Hell Hound Wild.* Stacked Jack-o'-lantern Wild Collect 6 Lantern symbols, and the next Wild appearing on the reels will become a 3 symbols high Stacked Jack-o'-lantern Wild.* Expanding Death Reaper Wild Collect 9 Lantern symbols, and the next Wild appearing on the reels will turn into an Expanding Death Reaper Wild symbol. The Wild expands to cover the entire reel, and shifts to the left one reel at a time. At the end of Free Spins, all the symbols collected are discarded. *A Stacked Wild is a Wild symbol that covers 2 or 3 positions on the reel. Stacked Wilds may be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. When a Stacked Wild symbol appears on the reels, a Re-Spin is awarded. During the Re-Spin the Stacked Wild symbol moves one reel to the left, until it reaches the first reel, after which the Re-Spin ends. The Scatter symbol does not land on the reels during Re-Spins, so additional Free Spins cannot be won. The maximum number of Lantern symbols won is always 9. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.28%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Jack´o´lector Jack´o´lector Wild Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Walking Wild Walking Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Re-Spin Re-Spin Stacked Hell Hound Wild Stacked Hell Hound Wild Expanding Death Reaper Wild Expanding Death Reaper Wild Stacked Jack-o'-lantern Wild Stacked Jack-o'-lantern Wild Lantern Lantern Big Win Big Win Spooky Win Spooky Win Nightmare Win Nightmare Win Game rules generated: Last modification date: 12/28/2021