Pirate from the East Pirate from the East™ is a 5-reel, 15-line (fixed), multiple coin video slot featuring Scatter wins, Free Spins, and Wild substitutes. The game is played with 15 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines won. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the Paytable. Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any bet line wins. In both the main game and Free Spins, bet line wins with Wild pay x3. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Each winning Scatter symbol shows a Free Spin and multiplier combination. The multiplier is applied to all wins in Free Spins. Choose one of the Scatter symbols to start playing Free Spins. Scatter symbols appearing on the reels during Free Spins only award additional Free Spins. These Free Spins are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any bet line wins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.80% - 96.38%. The optimal strategy is to always pick the gift box with the highest multiplier. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Choose your win Choose your win The maximum win from a single game is £250,000