Simsalabim SIMSALABIM™ Game Rules Simsalabim™ is a 5-reel, 25-bet line video slot featuring Scatter wins, Free Spins, Wild substitutions and an off the reel bonus game. Play up to 25 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols can appear on any reel and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right, except Scatter symbols. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. 2 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game pay total bet multiplied by the multiplier displayed in the PAYTABLE . Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines selected. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Scatter wins are added to any bet line wins. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. 5 Scatters = 200 x bet 4 Scatters = 25 x bet 3 Scatters = 4 x bet 2 Scatters = 2 x bet Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols activate Free Spins. 5 Scatters = 30 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 20 Free Spins 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Wins in Free Spins pay x3. Free Spins multipliers do not apply to bonus game winnings during Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. The number of extra Free Spins is not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded are according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same number of lines, level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Bonus Game 3 or more successive Bonus symbols on an active bet line from leftmost reel to right, activates the Bonus Game. The number of bonus symbols does not affect the amount won in the Bonus game. The win in the bonus game is displayed in coins. Click hats to find rabbits and win coins. The bonus game ends when an empty hat is clicked. Only one Bonus Game awarded per spin. The Bonus Game can be activated during Free Spins. 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing on an active bet line from leftmost reel to right, activate the bonus game in Free Spins. The more you bet in the main game the higher the wins in the bonus game. At the end of the Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. The highest possible coin win in the Bonus Game is 50500. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If Bonus Game is won. Stops Autoplay if the bonus game is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay if the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Game history . Click to view game history. Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.5% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Bonus Game Bonus Game Free Spins Free Spins Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Last modification date: 10/14/2020