Temple of Nudges Temple of Nudges™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Re-Spin feature and Nudge feature. The game is played on 243 bet ways, 1 - 10 levels (25 coins per level), and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 243 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Matching symbols in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to right, is a bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A symbol win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level and the amount of times that symbol appears on each of the reels. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Example of a bet way payout at level 1 5 matching Cougar symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 9 coins. This is multiplied by 2 (for 2 Cougar symbols on reel 4), giving a total win of 2 x 9 = 18. Nudge Feature Each time there is a winning combination on the reels, the Nudge feature is activated. After the win count up, the reels move 1 symbol down and if there is a winning combination, the win is counted up again. Nudge feature is activated for as long as there is a winning combination on the reels. Nudge feature is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during the Nudge feature. Nudge feature wins are added to the balance. Re-Spin Feature During the Re-Spin feature, all symbols of the same type as the winning symbol stay on the reels and all other symbols re-spin. Re-Spin feature is activated if Re-Spin overlay appears on a symbol during a winning game round. Re-Spin feature is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during a Re-Spin. If both features have to be activated at the same time, the Re-Spin feature is activated first. If a Nudge is activated and a Re-Spin overlay appears on the reels after it, the wins are evaluated after the Re-Spin is finished. Any amount of Re-Spin overlays on symbols activates only one Re-Spin. Re-Spin feature can be reactivated as long as there are 1 or more Re-Spin overlays on the game screen after the reels re-spin. Re-Spin feature wins are added to the balance. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Quick Stop : Click the spin button to stop the reels spinning. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.03% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Nudge Nudge Re-Spin Re-Spin Last modification date: 12/10/2021