Super Striker Super Striker is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot that features a Golden Multiplier feature and Free Spins. The game is played with 5 bet lines (fixed) and different coin values and bet values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. The game features a combination win mechanics, where any combination of the following symbols awards a win. All coin/cash wins, except for Golden Player wins, Golden Multiplier feature wins and Free Spins wins, pay on bet lines only. 3 Golden Player symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game award a win according to the Paytable. Scatter Symbols There are two types of Scatter symbols in the game: Football Scatter symbols and Golden Scatter symbols. The Football Scatter symbol can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game. The Golden Scatter symbol can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins. Golden Multiplier feature A Golden Scatter symbol landing anywhere on the reels in the main game awards a random win equal to 10 or 20 times the bet. In the main game, only one Golden Scatter symbol can appear on the reels at any time. Free Spins 3 Football Scatter symbols or 1 Golden Scatter and 2 Football Scatter symbols landing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. In Free Spins, there are 5 different levels with an increasing Multiplier. Free Spins start with level 1 and a x1 Multiplier. When you advance to a new level, the Multiplier increases according to the following table: Level Level Multiplier 1 x1 2 x2 3 x3 4 x5 5 x10 During Free Spins, only Golden Scatter symbols can appear on the reels. The 3 Scatter symbols that activated Free Spins turn into Golden Scatter symbols and stick to the reels at the beginning of Free Spins. All Golden Scatter symbols that land on the reels in Free Spins remain on the reels until the entire play area is filled with Golden Scatter symbols. When the entire play area is filled with Golden Scatter symbols, you advance to the next level. Each Golden Scatter symbol landing on the reels in Free Spins is assigned a random Multiplier between x1 and x50. The Multiplier assigned to each Golden Scatter symbol remains unchanged until you advance to the next level. Each time you advance to the next level or at the end of Free Spins, you are awarded with a win equal to the sum of the Multipliers assigned to all Golden Scatter symbols on the reels multiplied by the Multiplier of the current level and multiplied by the bet. The sum of the Multipliers assigned to all Golden Scatter symbols on the reels is displayed in the Level Win field. The starting number of Free Spins is 3. One or more Golden Scatter symbol landing on the reels in Free Spins resets the number of Free Spins to 3. Each time you advance to the next level, all Golden Scatter symbols disappear from the reels. Free Spins end either when there are no Free Spins left or when the entire play area is filled with Golden Scatter symbols on level 5. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Bet Slip The game also features a Bet Slip feature in the form of a side bet. The Bet Slip can only be purchased in the main game (not available in all Casinos). The Bet Slip can only be purchased for cash. If you are playing with coins, a respective amount is withdrawn in coins. Only one Bet Slip can be active at any time. Once the Bet Slip is purchased, it cannot be cancelled. How to fill in the Bet Slip: Click the Bet Slip icon. Select one of the symbols to collect. Select the number of spins to collect the specified number of symbols. Select the bet. The Bet Slip tracks how many times a selected symbol appears on the reels during the selected number of spins If the required number of symbols is collected during the selected number of spins, a win equal to the multiplier times the bet is awarded. Some displayed odds are rounded down to make them easier to understand, however the exact amount will always be paid. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Bet Slip Click to view the Bet Slip. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.04%. The theoretical return to player for the Bet Slip is 96.06%-96.93%. Symbols Spins Return to Player 10 96.71% 25 96.93% 50 96.52% 100 96.40% 10 96.59% 25 96.38% 50 96.42% 100 96.65% 10 96.08% 25 96.42% 50 96.08% 100 96.48% 10 96.17% 25 96.19% 50 96.44% 100 96.58% 10 96.93% 25 96.29% 50 96.45% 100 96.32% 10 96.79% 25 96.75% 50 96.48% 100 96.11% 10 96.10% 25 96.44% 50 96.54% 100 96.24% 10 96.78% 25 96.41% 50 96.47% 100 96.06% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Scatter Scatter Football Scatter Football Scatter Golden Scatter Golden Scatter Multiplier Multiplier Golden Multiplier Golden Multiplier Golden Player Golden Player Free Spins Free Spins Bet Slip Bet Slip Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Last modification date: 12/28/2021