Jack and the Beanstalk Touch Game Rules Jack and the Beanstalk is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot that features Treasure Collection in Free Spins, and Walking Wilds with re-spins. Play 20 fixed bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at 20 bet lines, the current coin value and bet level (alternatively, press the spacebar). MAX BET plays the game at 20 bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Key symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . In the main game, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. During re-spins, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. All wins with Wild symbols pay coin win x3. The key symbols are only available on reel 5 in Free Spins. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Coin wins on Scatter symbols are added to any bet line wins. Wins pay on selected bet lines, except for Scatter symbols. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate 10 Free Spins. 3 or more Scatter symbols during Free Spins activate 5 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and the same number of lines as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins and the Walking Wild feature can be activated in the same game round. If this occurs, Free Spins is played first, followed by the Walking Wild. All Free Spins wins with Wild symbols pay coin win x3. The Walking Wild feature When a Wild symbol appears on the reels, a re-spin is awarded. During the re-spin the Wild symbol moves one reel to the left with chances of more winnings. Re-spins continue as long as a Wild symbol is present on the reels. The Walking Wild feature appears both in the main game and in Free Spins. When a Wild symbol appears during Free Spins, the Free Spins stops and the Walking Wild feature becomes active. The Free Spins continue after the Walking Wild feature ends. If additional Walking Wilds appear during re-spins, the re-spins will continue until the last one has reached the leftmost reel and the following spin does not contain any Wild symbols. Treasure Collection During Free Spins, the key symbols that appear on reel 5 unlock the following Wild features: Feature Function 2 Stacked Money Bags Collect 3 key symbols, and the next Wild appearing on the reels will become a Stacked Wild of 2 money bag symbols.* 3 Stacked Golden Hens Collect 6 key symbols, and the next Wild appearing on the reels will become a Stacked Wild of 3 golden hen symbols.* Expanding Golden Harps Collect 9 key symbols, and the next Wild appearing on the reels will become an Expanding Wild with a golden harp symbol. The Wild expands to cover the entire reel, and shifts for a chance at bigger wins. At the end of Free Spins sessions, all the symbols collected are discarded. Once you have collected 9 key symbols, and there are no more Expanding Wilds present on the reels, the game returns to the main game. *A Stacked Wild is a Wild symbol that covers 2 or 3 positions on the reel. Stacked Wilds may be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. When a Stacked wild symbol appears on the reels, a re-spin is awarded. During the re-spin the Stacked Wild symbol moves one reel to the left until it reaches the first reel, after which the re-spin stops. The Scatter symbol does not appear during re-spins, so it is not possible to win additional Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay if the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.3 % The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Walking wild Walking Wild Last modification date: 9/28/2021