Frankenstein™ Game Rules Frankenstein™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot that brings the legend of Frankenstein to life. The game features Linked Wild™ substitution and Free Spins. The Lightning Wild and Fire Wild symbols are Linked Wild™ symbols that spread across the reels, turning two or more nearby symbols into yet more Wild symbols, for a chance at massive wins! In the main game, the Lightning Wild symbol can initially appear on reels 2, 3, and 4, but can spread to reels 1 and 5. Lightning Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. All wins are paid after the Wild symbols have stopped spreading over the reels. You can play 1 to 20 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current lines, level, and coin value. The bet lines are set using the LINES selector. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Coin wins on Scatter symbols are added to any bet line wins. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Burning Mill Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate 10 Free Spins. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Free Spins are played at the same number of lines, level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin bet line wins pay x1 – x5 multiplier. Free Spins uses a different set of reels with the following changes: The Multiplier symbol randomly appears on reel 5. Each time the Multiplier symbol appears it increases the win multiplier by one, up to maximum x5. The Multiplier symbol is removed from reel 5 when the x5 multiplier is reached. The remaining Free Spins have bet line wins multiplied x5. The Fire Wild symbol replaces the Lightning Wild symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4, and substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter and the Multiplier symbol. The Fire Wild symbol sets two or more nearby symbols ablaze, turning them into Wild symbols, for a chance at bigger wins! In Free Spins, 2 or more Scatter symbols appearing randomly on the reels activate extra Free Spins. 2 Scatter symbols = 5 extra Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols = 10 extra Free Spins The number of extra Free Spins is not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Extra Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turn on or off quick spin. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Animations . Turn the animations on or off. Graphics quality . Adjust quality for poor network connection. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 71.0%-96.7% The higher the number of bet lines played, the higher the RTP is. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Fire Wild Fire Wild Lightning Wild Lightning Wild Linked Wild Linked Wild Burning Mill Burning Mill Last modification date: 1/31/2017