Wild Worlds Wild Worlds™ Game Rules Wild Worlds™ is a 5-reel, 5-row Avalanche™ video slot with Hero Wilds, a random Destroy Feature, and Free Spins that have their own Wild features. The game is played with 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A win match win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A win match win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per win match is paid. At least 3 matching symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically, appearing anywhere on the reels is a win. Simultaneous wins on different win matches are added. Feature wins are added to any win match wins. Win Matches Any horizontal or vertical line of 3 or more of the same symbol is a win match. A single row or column can contain more than 1 win. Wins can intersect or overlap on the same row or reel. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A win match starts an Avalanche™. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche™ of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches™ continue until there are no more wins. Hero Wilds When all Hero symbols in a winning combination have been destroyed, the remaining symbols of this type that are present on the reels, will turn into Wild symbols. This happens before the next Avalanche™ starts and continues until there are no more wins on the Hero symbols. All Hero symbols are Medium win symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbols will substitute for the highest paying symbol according to the Paytable. If 3 or more Wild symbols are adjacent vertically or horizontally, they award a win on their own in addition to the symbols on either side. The Hero Wilds feature can be activated in both main game and Free Spins. Destroy Feature This feature is activated randomly in case of a no-win situation in the main game. In this feature, symbols of only one color remain on the reels, all of the other symbols are destroyed. New symbols fall then on the reels with the new Avalanche™. Scatter symbols cannot be destroyed. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game, activate 8 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The Total Win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. There are Heroes and Monsters present in Free Spins. The Heroes attack Monsters. Any wins during Free Spins result in the following: 1. Damage is being dealt to one or several Captains, or if they have been already destroyed - to one or several Boss' weak spots, and 2. A special Hero Meter is being charged which (when filled up) will deal damage to the Monsters. There are 3 Free Spins worlds, each with their own features: Dark Forest (Spreading Wilds), Ice World (Heavy Wilds) and Fire Lands (Random Wilds). At the beginning of Free Spins, the players spin the wheel to see what Free Spins world they will get into. In case if the connection was lost and if no player input was made, the Free Spins world will be chosen randomly. To activate the Free Spins feature, the Heroes need to destroy any of the Captains or any of the Boss' weak spots (see "Monsters" section). The respective feature is awarded after the next Avalanche™ before any win evaluations, and only during the Free Spin it was activated in. The symbol colors on the wheel correspond the respective Free Spins worlds: blue for Ice World, red for Fire Lands, and green for Dark Forest. It is possible to win another 8 Free Spins. For that the player needs to destroy the Boss (see "Monsters" section). Heavy Wilds A stack of 2 Heavy Wild symbols is randomly placed on the reels after the next Avalanche™. Heavy Wild symbols cannot land lower than the 4th row. Heavy Wild symbols can land on top of other Heavy Wild symbols. But in this case, only 1 Heavy Wild will be placed on the reels. If taking part in a winning combination, Heavy Wild symbols are not destroyed, they remain on the reels for the next Avalanche™. Heavy Wild symbols explode when reaching the 5th row. If taking part in a winning combination, they will complete it, and will then be destroyed. If they don't take part in the winning combination, they will disappear with the new Avalanche™. Random Wilds 2 to 4 Random Wild symbols are randomly placed on the reels. If completing a win situation, the Random Wild symbols explode along with the other symbols. New symbols that land on the place of the previously destroyed Random Wild symbols, will turn into Wilds. If the Random Wild symbols didn't complete the win situation, but there has been a win on other symbols, Random Wilds will remain on the reels for the next Avalanche™. Random Wild symbols can land on top of other Wild symbols. Spreading Wilds A Spreading Wild is randomly placed on the reels. If the Spreading Wild completes a win situation, it explodes along with the other symbols. New Spreading Wild symbols are then generated on adjacent positions to the previously exploded Spreading Wild symbol. Every Spreading Wild can generate up to 2 Spreading Wild symbols. If the Spreading Wild symbol that was placed on the reels didn’t complete a winning combination, it will remain on the reels for the next Avalanche™. Spreading Wild symbols can land on top of other Wild symbols. Monsters There are 2 types of Monsters in the game: 3 Captains and the Boss. Each of the Captains has 15 health points. When a Monster has 0 health points it is destroyed. Monsters that are partially damaged do not reset in between Free Spins. Captains For each Captain that is destroyed, the Free Spin feature of the current Free Spins world is activated. If multiple Captains are destroyed at the same time, the feature is awarded the corresponding number of times. This feature is activated after the next Avalanche™, before wins are calculated. The Boss The Boss has 105 health points. He can only be damaged, if all Captains have been destroyed. The Boss has 5 weak spots; 2 of them are worth 15, and 3 of them – 25 health points. When attacking the Boss, Heroes make attacks against its separate weak spots. If the Boss is destroyed, the current Avalanche™ will continue until there are no more wins, and the player will then be transferred into another Free Spins world, regardless of the remaining Free Spins. In the new world, the player will receive 8 Free Spins, and a new set of Monsters. If the Boss in the new Free Spins world has been destroyed as well, the player then moves to the next Free Spins world. The worlds change in turn (if for example, the first was the Ice World, the next will be Fire Lands and then Dark Forest). The same world can be activated twice, if the player has defeated the Boss in the previous 2 worlds. This continues as long as the new Boss in the new world is defeated. Hero Attacks Each of the Heroes has a corresponding low and medium win symbol which will be used to activate their Hero Attack and charge their Hero Meters. Each Hero makes a random and individual Hero Attack against a Monster after each win evaluation. The damage dealt to Monsters equals the total amount of wins on the hero's corresponding low or medium win symbols. A win on 3, 4 and 5 symbols deals 1, 2 and 3 damage points respectively. Wins containing Wild symbols count for their full length, including the Wild symbols. Wins comprised of only of the Crown symbol or Wild symbols do not result in any damage. Damage points cannot be divided, so if a Hero deals 3 damage points to a Monster with 2 health points, the remaining damage point has no effect. Hero Meters There are 3 special Hero Meters, 1 for each Hero. 3 charges are required to fill each Hero Meter. A win on a Hero symbol will not only deal damage to the Monsters, but will also charge the corresponding Hero Meter. Each winning combination on a low or medium win symbol charges the respective Hero Meter by 1. If after all regular attacks a Hero Meter is full, the corresponding Hero Special Attack will be activated. After a Hero Special Attack is activated, the corresponding Hero Meter resets. Any remaining charge after a Hero Meter is filled, is lost. The Hero Meters do not reset in between each Free Spin, but do reset in between moving to a new Free Spins world. Hero Special Attacks The Blue Hero Special Attack deals 1 damage point to all Monsters. The Pink Hero Special Attack deals 1 damage point 4 times to randomly selected Monsters (it can also deal 4 damage points to one Monster). The Green Hero Special Attack deals 4 damage points to one random Monster. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.47% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Avalanche Avalanche Hero Wilds Hero Wilds Destroy Feature Destroy Feature Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Heavy Wilds Heavy Wilds Random Wilds Random Wilds Spreading Wilds Spreading Wilds Hero Meter Hero Meter Hero Attack Hero Attack Hero Special Attack Hero Special Attack Fire Lands Fire Lands Ice World Ice World Dark Forest Dark Forest Boss Boss Captain Captain Boss Fight Boss Fight Fight Fight Last modification date: 12/28/2021