Hotline 2 Hotline 2™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Expanding Wild symbols, the Hotline feature, and Free Spins with expanding reels. The game is played with 243 bet ways (up to 1944 in Free Spins) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). There are no bet lines. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Example as follows: More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. The number of bet ways is equal to the heights of all reels multiplied. Example as follows: A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all Casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Bet Way Payout Example When playing with coins at bet level 1, 4 matching Kitty Weiss symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 50 coins. This result is multiplied by 2 (for 2 Kitty Weiss symbols on reel 4), giving a total win of 2 x 50 = 100. When playing with cash, the bet way payout follows the same logic as when playing with coins, and the calculated outcome depends on the current bet value. Hotline Feature The Hotline feature is a Bonus Bet feature that increases the chance to win Expanding Wild symbols for a higher bet. The game is played with the Base Bet and two Bonus Bet levels: the Double Bet and the Triple Bet. At Base Bet, reel 3 is a Hotline. When the Double Bet is activated, reels 3 and 4 are Hotlines, and the bet is doubled. When the Triple Bet is activated, reels 2, 3 and 4 are Hotlines, and the bet is tripled. Wild and Expanding Wild Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. In the main game, a Wild symbol landing on a Hotline expands to cover the entire reel if resulting in a bet way win. In Free Spins, a Wild symbol landing on a Hotline always expands to cover the entire reel. Wild and Expanding Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Free Spins and Reel Expansion 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the main game activate 7 Free Spins. In Free Spins, a Wild symbol landing on reel 2, 3 or 4 increases the height of this reel by 1 symbol creating more bet ways. The number of bet ways in Free Spins starts at 243 and can reach up to 1944 when the height of reels 2, 3 and 4 increases. A Wild symbol landing on a Hotline expands after the reel height is increased and before the wins are evaluated. The maximum reel height is 6 symbols. A non-Hotline reel reaching its maximum height awards 1 additional Free Spin. A Hotline reaching its maximum height awards 2 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet and with the same Hotlines as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bonus Bet Click to toggle the active Bonus Bet option and change the number of Hotlines. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Tutorial : Turns the tutorial on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game in the main game is 94.51% / 95.35% / 96.05% (Base Bet / Double Bet / Triple Bet). The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Hotline Hotline Bonus Bet Bonus Bet Wild Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Way Way Game rules generated: Last modification date: 10/14/2020