Fruit Spin Fruit Spin™ Game Rules Fruit Spin™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-bet line video slot. The game features Lucky Wheels, Stacked symbols, Wild substitutions, Scatter symbols, and Free Spins. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per 2 bet lines. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right, except Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Stacked Symbols In both the main game and in Free Spins, all symbols appear as stacked symbols on the reels, apart from 3x3 Wild and 3x3 Scatter symbols. In the main game, there is an overlay reel containing 3x3 and 2x2 stacked versions of all the symbols and 3x3 Scatter symbols. In Free Spins, the overlay reel contains only the Seven, Bronze bar, Silver bar, Gold bar in 3x3, a 3x3 Wild symbol and a 3x3 Scatter symbol. Wild Symbols in Free Spins 3x3 Wild symbols can appear on the 3 middle reels in Free Spins only. The Wild symbol is a symbol block of 3x3 Wild symbols. Wild symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands, however the width of the Wild symbol will always be fully displayed. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Any part of a Wild symbol included in a winning bet line pays the highest possible winning combination according to the Paytable. Scatter Symbols 3x3 Scatter symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in both the main game and in Free Spins. The Scatter symbol is a symbol block of 3x3 symbols. Scatter symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands, however the width of the Scatter symbol will always be fully displayed. If any part of a 3x3 Scatter symbol is visible on the reel area after a spin, the Lucky Wheels feature is activated. Lucky Wheels Feature The game has 3 Lucky Wheels, each spinning independently, which award coin wins and can activate Free Spins. One spin is awarded on each Lucky Wheel for each row of the 3x3 Scatter symbol that is visible on the reels after a spin: 1 spin if one row of the stacked Scatter symbol is visible, 2 spins for two visible rows and 3 spins if the entire 3x3 stacked Scatter symbol appears on the reels. In the main game, each Lucky Wheel contains two instances of each of the following symbols: Free Spin symbols and three different coin win symbols. 20 coin win symbol 40 coin win symbol 80 coin win symbol Coin wins are multiplied by the bet level. When all the Lucky Wheels have stopped spinning, any coin wins are added to the total win and the Free Spins symbols are counted. 3 Free Spin symbols appearing on the Lucky Wheels activate 5 Free Spins. After collecting 3 Free Spins symbols, the Free Spin symbol is transformed into an Extra Spin symbol. For every Extra Spin symbol appearing on the Lucky Wheels, 1 extra Free Spin is awarded. Free Spins In Free Spins, the Lucky Wheels contain an Extra Spin symbol and a 20 coin win symbol only. For every Extra Spin symbol appearing on the Lucky Wheels, 1 extra Free Spin is awarded. When all the Lucky Wheels have stopped spinning, any coin wins are added to the total win. Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during Free Spins will reactivate the Lucky Wheels. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If Lucky Wheel is won Stops Autoplay if Lucky Wheel is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.84% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Lucky Wheels Lucky Wheels Extra Spin Extra Spin Last modification date: 5/16/2018