Dracula Game Rules Dracula is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-line video slot with Free Spins, Wild substitutions, stacked symbols, Stacked Wilds and a Bat Feature. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Wild and Stacked Wild Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 2,3 and 4 in the main game only and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Stacked Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reel 3 in Free Spins only and may be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. Stacked Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, including bat symbols and pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE. Bat symbols overlaying the Stacked Wild after the reels have stopped will disappear, uncovering the Stacked Wild. Free Spins A fully visible stacked Dracula symbol on reel 2, and a fully visible stacked Lady symbol appearing simultaneously on reel 4, in the main game, activates 10 Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. A fully visible Stacked Wild symbol appearing on reel 3 during Free Spins activates 2 additional Free Spins. Any part of the stacked symbols included in a winning bet line pays according to the PAYTABLE. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. In the main game, Free Spins cannot be won if the Bat Feature is activated. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Bat Feature In the main game, the Bat feature is randomly activated and may be activated once per spin only. In Free Spins, the Bat feature appears on every spin and is activated once per spin only. When the Bat feature has been activated, a randomly selected number of bats will fly in and land anywhere on the spinning reels as an overlay in a cluster formation. In the main game, the number of bats ranges from 4-12, and in Free Spins from 4-20. Once the bats have landed on the reels, all the bats in the cluster turn into the same randomly activated symbol, including the Wild symbol. If 20 bats are activated in the Bat feature, all of the reels are filled with bats. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.6% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Free Spins Free Spins Bat Feature Bat Feature