Creature From the Black Lagoon Creature from the Black Lagoon is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Sticky Wilds, Spreading Wilds, re-spins and Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. In the main game, TOTAL WIN displays any wins during re-spins added to any wins from the round that activated the re-spins. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on the reels in the main game, and substitute for all symbols except for Free Spin symbols and target symbols. When a Wild symbol appears on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins, it acts as a Sticky Wild and remains on the reels for subsequent re-spin or re-spins. During a re-spin, the Sticky Wild symbol holds the position on the reel. Additional Wild symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins, also remain on the reels until the re-spins end. In the main game and in Free Spins, all Wild symbols remain on the reels for the re-spin, and the re-spins end when there are no new Wild symbols remaining anywhere on the reels. Re-spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Any re-spins that are won in the round that activated Free Spins are played after the Free Spins are completed. In Free Spins, when level 1 of the Health Meter is reached, Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on reels 1-4. At levels 2-4, Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 or more Free Spin symbols, appearing randomly anywhere on the reels in the main game, activate Free Spins. 3 Free Spins symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Free Spins symbols = 15 Free Spins 5 Free Spins symbols = 20 Free Spins In Free Spins, a target symbol can appear randomly anywhere on reel 5 only. When a target symbol appears, the Creature appears on the right hand side of the screen and gets shot. A Health Meter on the bottom right hand corner of the screen displays the Creature's health status. As more Creature hits occur, and a new level is reached on the Health Meter, the Creature's health deteriorates and one of the following outcomes applies: Level 1 is 0-2 collected target symbols: Any Wild symbols appearing on the reels act as a Sticky Wild that remains on the reels for 1 re-spin. Level 2 is 3-5 collected target symbols: The 1st Spreading Wild is activated. Wild symbols spread horizontally 1 position to the left only and remain on the reels for 1 re-spin. Level 3 is 6-8 collected target symbols: The 2nd Spreading Wild is activated. Wild symbols spread horizontally 1 position on the reels, both to the left and to the right, and remain on the reels for 1 re-spin. At level 4, the final level, 9 collected target symbols activate 10 additional Free Spins. In additional Free Spins, any Wild symbols appearing on the reels spread horizontally 1 position on the reels both to the left and to the right. Wild symbols appearing on the reels in the spin that unlocks levels 2 or 3 will not activate the new Spreading Wild behaviour. If a Wild symbol appearing on reel 4 spreads onto a target symbol, both symbols retain their standard behaviour. After level 4 no further target symbols can be collected. Additional Free Spins and re-spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. TOTAL WIN displays any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Fuctions Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through thePAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: Autoplay stops when Free Spins are won. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.47%. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 12/28/2021