Blood Suckers II Blood Suckers II™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Blood Rose Free Spins, the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game and two Random Features: Bonus Shot Feature and Scatter Shot Feature. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols and wins during the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Blood Rose Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Random Features In the main game, one of two Random Features can randomly be activated: Bonus Shot Feature or Scatter Shot Feature. Scatter Shot Feature The Scatter Shot Feature can be activated if two Scatter symbols land on the reels. If the Scatter Shot Feature is activated, one extra Scatter symbol can be awarded activating 10 Blood Rose Free Spins, and all medium win symbols on the reels award coin wins of 10 to 100 times the bet level. Bonus Shot Feature If the Bonus Shot Feature is activated, one extra overlay Bonus symbol is awarded on reel 1, 2, or 3. Any Random Feature wins are added to any bet line wins. Blood Rose Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 10 Blood Rose Free Spins. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Blood Rose Free Spins activate 10 additional Blood Rose Free Spins. 2 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Blood Rose Free Spins award a coin win according to the Paytable. Scatter wins pay the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. Only the highest Scatter win per spin is paid. Additional Blood Rose Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Blood Rose Free Spins. During Blood Rose Free Spins, all bet line wins and Scatter wins are multiplied by the x3 Multiplier. Blood Rose Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Blood Rose Free Spins. At the end of Blood Rose Free Spins, the total win from Blood Rose Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Blood Rose Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Hidden Treasure Bonus Game In the main game, 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels starting from the leftmost reel activate the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game. If the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game is activated with 4 Bonus symbols, all coin wins in the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game are doubled. If the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game is activated with 5 Bonus symbols, all coin wins in the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game are tripled. The Hidden Treasure Bonus Game is a pick and click treasure hunting game consisting of 5 levels. Each level has 5 options. The player picks coffins and chests to reveal coin wins, a Key symbol, a Scatter symbol or the Demon. Coin wins during the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game, except for the Great Treasure Win, are multiplied by the bet level and any applicable multiplier. If the Key symbol is revealed, the player advances to the next level. If the Key symbol is revealed at the last level, the player is awarded the Great Treasure Win of 1000 coins multiplied by the bet level. If the Scatter symbol is revealed, it is collected. If at the end of the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game 3 Scatter symbols are collected, 10 Blood Rose Free Spins are activated. If the Demon is revealed, the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game ends. The maximum win in coins in the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game is 16750. The coin payout values are based on bet level 1. At the end of the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game, the total win from the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Hidden Treasure Bonus Game. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus Game is won . Stops Autoplay when Bonus Game is won. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.94% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Multiplier Multiplier Hidden Treasure Bonus Game Hidden Treasure Bonus Game Blood Rose Free Spins Blood Rose Free Spins Bonus Shot Feature Bonus Shot Feature Scatter Shot Feature Scatter Shot Feature Last modification date: 5/16/2018