South Park: Reel Chaos South Park™: Reel Chaos Game Rules Contents Game Overview Wild Cartman's Stacked Wilds Kenny's Multiplier Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin Kyle's Overlay Wilds The Mintberry Crunch Epic Bonus Spins Game Functions Game Setting Options Advanced Autoplay Options Return to Player Additional Information Translations of Game Terminology Game Overview South Park™: Reel Chaos is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, 4 mini features and progressive Bonus Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Bonus symbols or when Victory Bonus is awarded. Only one mini feature can be activated at a time. Epic Bonus Spins wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Wild Wild symbols can appear on any reel in the main game and in Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin, and substitute for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Cartman's Stacked Wilds The feature is randomly activated in the main game. When General Disarray appears on top of the reels during a spin, Cartman will try to catch him, creating Stacked Wilds as he climbs up or slides down the reels. Cartman continues climbing the reels during that spin, creating Stacked Wilds until General Disarray is caught. Stacked Wilds appear on 2 or 3 reels during the feature. Kenny's Multiplier The feature is randomly activated in the main game when a bet line win occurs. When Professor Chaos appears during a spin, Kenny fights him. Throughout the fight, a bet line multiplier of x3, x4 or x5 is awarded. Multipliers apply to the current spin and multiply all bet line wins. Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin The feature is randomly activated in the main game on a no-win game round. The Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin feature activates a re-spin on all 5 reels after a no-win spin. The re-spin feature will continue until a bet line win occurs. During the Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin feature, Bonus symbols are not present on the reels. For every re-spin a progressive multiplier increases bet line wins by a minimum of x2 and up to a maximum of x10. With every new re-spin the multiplier is increased by 1. Multipliers apply to the current spin and multiply all bet line wins. Kyle's Overlay Wilds The feature is randomly activated in the main game. When the Evil Minions appear on the reels during a spin, Kyle shoots laser beams at them, creating from 3 to 5 random Overlay Wild symbols. The Mintberry Crunch Epic Bonus Spins 3 Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate Epic Bonus Spins. The Bonus symbol can only appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. When the Epic Bonus Spins feature is activated a coin win of x5 the current bet is awarded. In the Epic Bonus Spins feature Mintberry Crunch fights up to 4 enemies. If he defeats the final enemy, a victory bonus is awarded. How to fight : Mintberry Crunch and the enemy have one health meter each. For every win on a bet line the enemy loses 1 health point. For every no-win, Mintberry Crunch loses 1 health point. When the enemy health meter is empty, a new enemy emerges and a new battle takes place in a higher level. The Epic Bonus Spins ends when the health meter of either Mintberry Crunch, or the final enemy, has 0 points. When the feature starts, Mintberry Crunch's health meter contains 6 health points and he has a multiplier of x1. For every enemy Mintberry Crunch defeats, both the health meter and multiplier increase by 1. The health meter can only increase to its maximum of 6 points. When defeating the final enemy the health bar will not increase. Each enemy starts with different amounts of health points, depending on the enemy. Enemy Health Points Multiplier Evil Minions 2 x1 General Disarray 4 x2 Professor Chaos 5 x3 Anime Professor Chaos 6 x4 The enemy health meter cannot increase, only decrease. If the final enemy is defeated, a victory bonus of 10 times the initial bet per health point remaining is awarded. Only Character symbols can appear on the reels during Epic Bonus Spins (see PAYTABLE for Character symbols). Epic Bonus Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Epic Bonus Spins. Multipliers apply to the current spin and multiply all bet line wins. At the end of Epic Bonus Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Epic Bonus Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Epic Bonus Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Epic Bonus Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin is won . Stops Autoplay when Stan's Multiplying Re-Spin is won. If Epic Bonus Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Epic Bonus Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Epic Bonus Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Bonus Spins Bonus Spins Overlay Wild Overlay Wild Epic Bonus Spins Epic Bonus Spins Victory Bonus Victory Bonus Re-Spin Re-spins Game rules generated: 2015-01-28 Last modification date: 1/31/2017