Jack Hammer Touch Game Rules Jack Hammer™ is a 25-line, 3 row video slot using 15 independent reels. The game features Sticky Wins™, Free Spins and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet level and coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins are shown in coins. The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. Free Spin symbol wins are added to any bet line wins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spin symbols. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.5 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 500. Sticky Win™ Feature A winning bet line, or 3 or more Free Spin symbols triggers the Sticky Win™ feature. The reels with winning symbols are held and all other reels re-spin for a chance of bigger wins. The reels keep re-spinning as long as there are new wins. When no new wins are generated and Sticky Win ends, all active wins are paid. Free Spins In the main game and Free Spins, 5 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. The number of Free Spins won is according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. Free Spin wins are tripled (x3). Excludes additional Free spins. Additional Free Spins won are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Sticky Win Sticky Win Wild Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021