Cornelius GAME RULES Cornelius™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with the Cash Drop feature and Free Spins. The game is played with 1024 bet ways and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Example as follows: More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins pay on bet ways only, except for the wins in the Cash Drop feature. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Cornelius symbols is 5 symbols on reels 1-5. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Cornelius symbols on each of these reels: 3 x 2 x 1 x 1 x 2 = 12 winning bet ways. Cash Drop Symbols and the Cash Drop Feature Cash Drop symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins. Each Cash Drop symbol appearing on the reels in the main game is assigned a random value of 0.25 to 3 times the bet. The values assigned to Cash Drop symbols may be displayed using “K” for “thousand”, “M” for “million”, and “B” for “billion”. 3 or more Cash Drop symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate the Cash Drop feature. In the Cash Drop feature, at the end of each spin, including the spin that activated the Cash Drop feature, a win equal to the total value of all Cash Drop symbols on the reels is added to any bet way wins from the spin. In the Cash Drop feature, at the start of each spin, all Cash Drop symbols move one row down. When a Cash Drop symbol reaches the bottom row, it disappears from the reels at the start of the next spin. The initial number of spins in the Cash Drop feature is 3. One or more new Cash Drop symbols appearing on the reels during the Cash Drop feature reset the spin counter back to 3. When the counter reaches 0, the Cash Drop feature ends and all Cash Drop symbols disappear from the reels at the start of the next spin. The Cash Drop meter displays the total Cash Drop winnings awarded in the Cash Drop feature and can include wins awarded over multiple game rounds. The bet for every spin during the Cash Drop feature is the same as the spin that activated the Cash Drop feature. If you change your bet while the Cash Drop feature is active, the number of spins remaining in the Cash Drop feature and all Cash Drop symbols are saved with the bet and the Cash Drop feature ends. Whenever you change your bet back, the Cash Drop feature is activated again, and the remaining spins and Cash Drop symbols are restored together with the bet. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. At the start of Free Spins, the Scatter symbols that activate Free Spins turn into Cash Drop symbols activating the Cash Drop feature and awarding a win equal to the total value of the Cash Drop symbols. Each Cash Drop symbol appearing on the reels in Free Spins is assigned a random value of 0.1 to 0.5 times the bet. In Free Spins, every position on the reels spins individually and only Cash Drop symbols, Up symbols, Golden Up symbols, Adder symbols, and Multiplier symbols can appear on the reels. An Up symbol appearing on the reels moves one row up with all Cash Drop and Multiplier symbols where possible and prevents them from moving down at the start of the next spin. A Golden Up symbol appearing on the reels moves to the highest unoccupied position with all Cash Drop and Multiplier symbols, each on their respective reel, and prevents them from moving down at the start of the next spin. Adder symbols appearing on the reels are assigned random values of 0.1 to 0.3 times the bet. Each Adder symbol increases the values of all Cash Drop symbols on the reels by its value before the wins are evaluated. Adder symbols remain on the reels until the end of Free Spins. If a Cash Drop symbol is blocked from moving up or down the reels by one or more Adder symbols, that Cash Drop symbol moves to the next unoccupied position in the respective direction. Multiplier symbols appearing on the reels multiply the values of all Cash Drop symbols and Adder symbols on the reels by 2 before the wins are evaluated. If Adder symbols and Multiplier symbols appear on the reels at the same time, the effect of the Multiplier symbols takes place first. Every time a new Cash Drop symbol, Up symbol, Golden Up symbol, Adder symbol, or Multiplier symbol appears on the reels in Free Spins, the spin counter is reset back to 3. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Cash Drop feature ends. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.04%. Last modification date: 11/29/2022