Reel Rush 2 Reel Rush 2™ Game Rules Reel Rush 2™ is a 5-reel video slot with up to 3125 bet ways featuring Wild substitutions, Random Features, Re-Spins, Free Spins and Super Free Spins. The game is played with 45 to 3125 bet ways, 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Example as follows: Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 500000 coins multiplied by the bet level. When the current total win hits the win cap in a game round, Re-Spins, Free Spins, and Super Free Spins end. Any Super Tokens awarded from Random Features or block unlocking are added to the Super Token Meter and the round finishes. Reel Area & Re-Spins In the main game, there are blocks hiding more reel positions. A winning combination in any spin of the main game activates 1 Re-Spin, up to a maximum of 5 Re-Spins. Each time there is a win, 2 blocks are unlocked, the reel area is expanded, and a Re-Spin is awarded. If there is a win during a Re-Spin, 2 more blocks are unlocked and one more Re-Spin is awarded. Whenever 2 blocks are unlocked, the Free Spins Meter on the right side of the play area fills up with 1 star. When the Free Spins Meter collects all the stars, and all blocks are unlocked, the Free Spins screen is activated. If there is no win during a Re-Spin, the Re-Spins end, and both the reel area and the Free Spins Meter are reset to their original state. Spins / Re-Spins / Free Spins Reel Area Bet Ways Initial spin 45 Re-Spin 1 135 Re-Spin 2 405 Re-Spin 3 675 Re-Spin 4 1125 Re-Spin 5 1875 Free Spins 3125 Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Re-Spins. Any Re-Spins wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Random Features During the game 0-3 Random Features are randomly awarded before the end of the spin. Any wins are calculated after the Random Features are awarded. The Random Features are awarded in the order they appear. The following Random Features can be awarded: Second Chance : If there is a no win situation during a spin, the reels re-spin. No blocks are unlocked unless the Block Breaker feature is awarded at the same time. This Random Feature can only be awarded in the main game and Re-Spins. Block Breaker : 2 or 4 blocks are unlocked, and the reel area is expanded following the same pattern as described under the Reel Area & Re-Spins section. If this feature unlocks the last remaining blocks in the main game, Free Spins are activated, even if there is a no win situation. This Random Feature can only be awarded in the main game and Re-Spins. Random Wilds : 1-3 Wild symbols randomly land on the reels every time the Random Feature is awarded. Wild symbols cannot be placed over a Wild symbol, a locked block or on Reel 1. This random feature can be awarded more than once during the same spin. Symbol Multiplier : A random symbol, except for the Wild symbol, is awarded a x5, x10, x15 or x20 Multiplier for all wins with this symbol. This Random Feature can be awarded more than once during the same spin. In this case, it is awarded to different symbols. If the Symbol Upgrade Random Feature is awarded during the same spin, the Symbol Multiplier Random Feature is not awarded. Symbol Upgrade : A random symbol is awarded an upgrade. After the reels stop, the selected symbol, if visible on the reels, is transformed into the symbol before it in the Paytable. This upgraded symbol substitutes all the instances of the original symbol on the reels. The maximum upgrade is reaching the Strawberry symbol. If the Symbol Multiplier Random Feature is awarded during the same spin, the Symbol Upgrade Random Feature is not awarded. Extra Free Spins : One additional Free Spin is awarded. This Random Feature can be awarded in Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Extra Super Tokens : 3 or 15 tokens are added to the Super Token Meter. Multiplier Boost : The Progressive Multiplier Meter is increased by 1. The Multiplier Boost Random Feature can be awarded more than once during the same spin. This Random Feature can only be awarded in Super Free Spins. Free Spins Unlocking all the play area activates the Free Spins screen with three different options: Start: Starts 8 Free Spins or 8 Super Free Spins (if having 2000 Super Tokens or more). Gamble Super Tokens: Gamble for the chance to enter Super Free Spins using your current amount of Super Tokens. Buy Super Tokens: Buy Super Tokens to reach 2000 tokens and enter Super Free Spins directly. Note: The option to buy Super Tokens may not be available in all Casinos. In the chance of entering Free Spins while playing Free Rounds offered by external operators, there is no option to buy Super Tokens. If the Super Token Meter is filled with at least 2000 or more Super Tokens, the game enters directly Super Free Spins. You can collect an infinite number of Super Tokens. If the Super Token Meter is not filled with at least 2000 Super Tokens, but there is a win of more than 5000 multiplied by the bet in currency the game enters directly into Free Spins mode. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins: The game returns to main game. The reel area is reset to its original shape. The reel positions from the last spin of Free Spins are visible. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to the total win at the moment of activating Free Spins. Super Token Meter The game starts at 0 tokens. Each time a block is unlocked, 1-5 tokens are collected into the Super Token Meter. The number of collected Super Tokens available in the Super Token Meter - placed on the left side of the play area - depends on the combination of bet level and coin value. The number of Super Tokens will be saved after the log-out and the values for the Super Token Meter are updated when the player changes the bet size. Buy Super Tokens & Gamble Super Tokens Tokens can also be awarded in the Extra Super Tokens Random Feature, purchased via the Buy Super Tokens feature or won during the Gamble Super Tokens feature. In the Buy Super Tokens feature, 400, 1000 or 2000 Super Tokens may be purchased and collected into the Super Token Meter. The cost of the Super Tokens is 120, 300 and 590 coins respectively (multiplied by the bet level). The money for the purchase of Super Tokens is removed from the balance in Cash and added to the Bet in Game Tracking. The purchase can be made multiple times. In Gamble Super Tokens feature: You can gamble the gathered Super Tokens for a chance to activate Super Free Spins. The probability of activating Super Free Spins increases proportionally to the amount of Super Tokens owned when activating the feature. That is, the more Super Tokens collected, the higher the probability to activate Super Free Spins. After activating this feature, you either receive enough Super Tokens to activate Super Free Spins or you lose the collected Super Tokens without activating Super Free Spins. If the gamble was not successful, you are still awarded 8 Free Spins. Buying additional Super Tokens, or activating the Gamble Super Tokens feature is not possible when the Super Token Meter is already holding 2000 or more Super Tokens. Note: The option to buy Super Tokens may not be available in all Casinos. Super Free Spins When Super Free Spins are activated: They will be played at the same coin value and bet level as the round that activated Super Free spins. 2000 Super Tokens will be removed from the Super Token Meter, located on the left side of the play area. In Super Free Spins, all wins are multiplied by the Progressive Multiplier displayed on the Progressive Multiplier Meter. Progressive Multiplier Meter : This meter on the right side of the play area shows the current Progressive Multiplier for all wins during Super Free Spins. The Progressive Multiplier increases each time a win occurs or when the Multiplier Boost Random Feature is activated. At the end of Super Free Spins: The game returns to main game. The reel area is reset to its original shape. The reel positions from the last spin of Super Free Spins are visible. The total win from Super Free Spins is added to the total win obtained at the moment of activating Super Free Spins. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the main game, Re-Spins, Free Spins and Super Free Spins and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game can range from 95.53 - 96.58% The percentage depends on what strategy the user chooses after activating Free Spins. Strategies that involve purchasing Super Tokens, rather than using the Gamble Super Tokens or just entering Free Spins give a higher RTP on average. The highest possible RTP (96.58%) can be achieved by purchasing 2000 Super Tokens once.