Reef Raider Reef Raider™ is a 7-row, 7-reel video slot with the Cluster Pays™ mechanic. The game features Wild Coin symbols, Clam Wild symbols, Multipliers, the Avalanche™ feature, a Treasure Trail meter with Anchor Drop feature, Random Wilds feature, Mystery Chest feature, and Cannon Blast feature, as well as Free Spins with Mystery Overlay feature. The game is played with clusters of symbols and different coin values, bet values and bet levels (only when playing with coins). 5 or more of the same symbols in a cluster award a win. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A cluster win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A cluster win starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Coin Symbol and Clam Wild Symbol If a winning cluster contains at least 3 medium win or low win symbols, after a cluster win is evaluated and removed from the play area, a Clam Wild symbol appears in place of one of the removed medium win or low win symbols before the Avalanche. Wild Coin symbols can appear on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins when the Random Wilds feature or the Cannon Blast feature is activated. Wild Coin symbols and Clam Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Multiplier symbols. If a Wild Coin symbol or a Clam Wild symbol becomes a part of a winning cluster, it is removed from the play area with the rest of the symbols in the winning cluster. Wild Coin symbol and Clam Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. One Wild Coin symbol or Clam Wild symbol can be a part of more than one winning cluster if these winning clusters are horizontally or vertically adjacent. Wild Coin symbols and Clam Wild symbols award a win only in combination with other symbols. Multiplier Symbols A Multiplier symbol horizontally or vertically adjacent to a winning cluster multiplies that win by its value: x2, x3, x5, or x50. Multiplier symbols are not considered a part of the winning cluster. The same Multiplier symbol can affect multiple wins if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to several winning clusters at the same time. Multiplier symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game. In Free Spins, Multiplier symbols can appear anywhere on the play area except for the positions that have Mystery Overlay symbols. Only 1 Multiplier symbol can appear on the play area at the same time. Multiplier symbols disappear from the reels along with the winning cluster they are horizontally or vertically adjacent to. Treasure Trail Meter The Treasure Trail meter initially has 15 uncharged bars. Each time a Clam Wild symbol is removed from the play area as a result of a cluster win, 1 bar of the Treasure Trail meter is charged. A Clam Wild symbol cannot charge more than 1 bar at a time even if it is a part of multiple winning clusters. 3 charged bars award the Anchor Drop feature. 6 charged bars award the Random Wilds feature. 9 charged bars award the Mystery Chest feature. 12 charged bars award the Cannon Blast feature. The awarded features are activated when there are no more wins from Avalanches. The features are played in the order they were awarded. The Treasure Trail meter goes back to 0 charged bars when all the activated features were played or there are no more cluster wins involving Clam Wild symbols. Every new game round starts with 0 charged bars. Anchor Drop Feature When the Anchor Drop feature is activated in the main game or in Free Spins, 1 to 3 different low win symbols are randomly chosen, and all of the matching symbols are removed from the play area. After the feature is played, the Avalanche™ feature is activated. Random Wilds Feature When the Random Wilds feature is activated in the main game or in Free Spins, 4 to 8 Wild Coin symbols are randomly placed on the reels. In the Random Wilds feature, Wild Coin symbols cannot land on top of Clam Wild symbols or Multiplier symbols. Mystery Chest Feature When the Mystery Chest feature is activated in the main game or in Free Spins, 2 to 16 medium win and low win symbols on the reels are replaced with Mystery symbols. After the feature is activated, all Mystery symbols are revealed, and potential cluster wins are evaluated. Mystery symbols are always revealed to be the same type of low win or medium win symbol and can never be a mix of low win and medium win symbols. Mystery symbols can be placed anywhere on the reels except for the positions with Wild Coin symbols, Clam Wild symbols, and Multiplier symbols. Cannon Blast Feature When the Cannon Blast feature is activated in the main game or in Free Spins, a random symbol on the reels is removed from the play area along with all medium win and low win symbols in the same row and column as the chosen symbol. Clam Wild symbols, Wild Coin symbols, and Multiplier symbols cannot be removed in the Cannon Blast feature. Any of the removed symbols can be randomly replaced with a Wild Coin symbol. After the feature is played, the Avalanche™ feature is activated. Free Spins and Mystery Overlay feature In the main game, 15 or more charged Treasure Trail meter bars award Free Spins, and every extra 3 charged bars award 2 additional Free Spins. In Free Spins, 15 charged bars award 1 additional Free Spin, and every extra 3 charged bars award 1 more additional Free Spin. Free Spins start when all of the activated features are played and there are no more Avalanches. When you enter Free Spins, the Mystery Overlay feature is activated, and 5 Mystery symbols appear on the reels: 1 in the center of the play area and 4 more on the positions horizontally and vertically adjacent to the center. The Mystery symbols are then revealed to form a winning cluster of low win or medium win symbols. In the Mystery Overlay feature, the cluster of Mystery symbols cannot be a mix of low win and medium win symbols. The positions of the initial cluster of Mystery symbols on the reels remain the same until Free Spins end. Every Free Spin, additional Mystery symbols may randomly appear on the reels. If the additional Mystery symbol is horizontally or vertically adjacent to one of the positions of the initial cluster of Mystery symbols, the additional Mystery symbol position becomes a part of this cluster until Free Spins end. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Free Spin counter reaches 0. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the main game, and the Treasure Trail meter is reset to 0 charged bars. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.1%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays Cluster Pays Avalanche Avalanche Wild Coin Wild Coin Clam Wild Clam Wild Multiplier Multiplier Treasure Trail Treasure Trail Anchor Drop Anchor Drop Random Wilds Random Wilds Mystery Chest Mystery Chest Cannon Blast Cannon Blast Free Spins Free Spins Mystery Overlay Mystery Overlay Mystery Mystery Last modification date: 2/9/2022