Ocean's Treasure Ocean's Treasure™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 15-bet line video slot, featuring Stacked Wilds and Free Spins with an increasing Level Multiplier. The game is played on 15 bet lines (fixed) with different coin and bet values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin/cash wins, except for the last level Bonus in Free Spins, pay on bet lines only. Wild & Stacked Wild There are 2 types of Wild symbols in the game: regular Wild and Stacked Wild. The regular Wild appears both in the main game and in Free Spins. The Stacked Wild appears only in the main game and may be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reels stop. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. There are 5 different Levels in Free Spins, each with its own Level Multiplier. Free Spins start with Level 1 and an x3 Level Multiplier. The Multiplier Meter displays the current Level Multiplier. When you advance to a new level, the Level Multiplier increases and is updated before each Free Spin according to the following table: Level Level Multiplier 1 x3 2 x5 3 x7 4 x9 5 x12 Each time one or more regular Wild symbols appear anywhere on the reels during a Free Spin, 2 additional Free Spins are awarded and the Level Meter is filled by half. When the Level Meter becomes full, you advance to the next Level until you reach Level 5. When you advance to Level 5 of Free Spins, you are also rewarded with a Bonus win of 1500 coins multiplied by the coin value (if you are playing in cash, a respective amount is awarded in cash). On Level 5: Wild symbols landing on the reels continue awarding additional Free Spins; the Level Multiplier does not increase and stays at x12. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. The maximum number of Free Spins is 102. Free Spins end either if no Wild symbols land on the reels during the initial 10 Free Spins on Level 1, or if no Wild symbols land on the reels on the next Levels, or if there are no remaining Free Spins left. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, all bet line wins are multiplied by the Level Multiplier. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the main game and the Level Multiplier is reset. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn Quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value: regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.99%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Bonus Bonus Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win