Golden Grimoire Game Overview Golden Grimoire™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Free Spins, Mystery Symbol feature and Sticky Mystery Symbol feature during Free Spins. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 (20 coins per level) bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per 2 bet lines. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Free Spins and Mystery Symbol feature are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Mystery Symbol Feature Mystery symbol appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 in the main game. When one or more Mystery symbols lands a random symbol will be selected from the Wild, medium or low win symbols and all Mystery symbols will transform into this symbol. Mystery symbol cannot be changed into Scatter symbol. If transformed Mystery symbol matches the leftmost symbol in the same row, then all symbols between the Mystery Symbol and the leftmost symbol in that row will be changed to the same symbol as the transformed Mystery symbol. This behavior happens separately for every instance where the Mystery symbol appears. If Mystery symbol transforms into a Wild, then all symbols between the Mystery Symbol and the leftmost symbol in that row will be changed to a Wild regardless of the symbol on the first reel. The win evaluation for the spin will occur only after the transformation of symbols ends and will be added to the total win amount. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 respectively in the main game activate 8 Free Spins. During Free Spins Mystery symbol is replaced with Sticky Mystery symbol that appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Sticky Mystery symbols act in the same way as Mystery symbols in main game, but once Sticky Mystery symbol lands on a reel, it stays in place till the end of Free Spins feature. Sticky Mystery symbols transform into different symbol with each spin, selected from the Wild, medium or low win symbols. Sticky Mystery symbol cannot be changed into Scatter symbol. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. The win evaluation for the spin will occur only after the transformation of symbols ends and will be added to the total win amount. During Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Wild Symbol Wild symbol can appear only as a result of Mystery symbol transformation. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter and Mystery symbol. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop if Free Spins is won If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.44% Last modification date: 12/28/2021