BerryBurst MAX Berryburst MAX™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with the Cluster Pays™ mechanic. The game features Wild substitutions, Expanding Wilds and Re-Spins. The game is played with clusters of symbols, 1-10 bet levels (10 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. Cluster Pays™ Mechanic A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. 5 or more of the same symbols appearing in a cluster award a win according to the PAYTABLE . Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. A cluster win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A cluster win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. When six or more Wilds form a cluster, they only substitute for symbols on either side of the cluster. Due to this, the only instance when Wilds form a cluster and do not substitute for a symbol on either side of them is when the whole screen is filled with Wilds. Wild and Expanding Wild Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Re-Spins, and substitute for all symbols. One or more Wild symbols landing anywhere on the reels in the main game, automatically expand to cover the entire reel they land on and then activate a Re-Spin. Wins are awarded after all Wilds have expanded and before a Re-Spin starts. The Wild symbols expand to cover the entire reel and remain in place while the other reels re-spin. When the Re-Spin ends, any new Wilds appearing on the reels expand in the same way as the initial spin and wins are evaluated. One or more Wild symbols landing anywhere on the reels in Re-Spins activate an additional Re-Spin. Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Re-Spins. Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet according to the PAYTABLE . If a fifth Wild symbol lands in the main game or Re-Spins, no Re-Spins are activated and a double payout on the 15 Wilds is awarded. The payout for 15 Wild symbols is 10000. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.23% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays Cluster Pays Wild Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Re-Spin Re-Spin Wilds on all reels Wilds on all reels Last modification date: 12/28/2021