NRVNA™ Game rules NRVNA™ is a 5-reel, 30-bet line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Multipliers and Free Spins. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE. All bet line wins with Wild symbols pay x3. Only one Wild multiplier is applied per bet line win. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Wins on selected bet lines pay if in succession from leftmost to right. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. In Free Spins, the same number of Scatter symbols win the same number of additional Free Spins, which are added to any won on the NRVNA Wheel. 5 Scatters = 30 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 15 Free Spins 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same number of lines, level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. In Free Spins, the NRVNA Wheel randomly shows a multiplier of up to x10 and/or additional Free Spins of up to +2. Multipliers apply to the current round and multiply all bet line wins, including Wild symbol wins. Additional Free Spins won simultaneously on Scatter symbols and the NRVNA Wheel are added. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off Note : Some casinos may operate without Quick spin as a game settings option. Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.6 % Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Last modification date: 1/31/2017