Coins of Egypt™ Game Overview Coins of Egypt™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild Substitutions, a Scatter Symbol, the Pharaoh Coins Win feature in the main game and chest seals collection during Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level, fixed) and different coin values. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. The Collect symbol is only available on reel 5 in the main game. The chest seal symbols are only available on reel 5 in Free Spins. The Collect symbol and Free Spins cannot be triggered simultaneously. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Wild Symbol Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, chest seal and Collect symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Pharaoh Coins Win Feature In the main game, 1 to 3 coins with values ranging from 2 to 15 times bet on them appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 every spin (one coin per reel). In the main game, all coins visible during a round are collected and added to any winnings from the current round, irrespective of bet lines, when a Collect symbol lands on reel 5. Unlike other coin wins, Pharaoh Coins Win feature wins are not paid on bet lines. Collected coins are added to any winnings from the current round. Free Spins Free Spins are triggered when 3 Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 respectively in the main game. At the beginning of Free Spins the total value of all coins present on the reels during the round that triggered the Free Spins is added to each chest. Up to 3 coins, one per reel, may appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 during each spin in Free Spins and, if they do appear, their values are immediately added to the respective chests. Coins appearing on the first reel during Free Spins are added to the first chest, with ruby seals and an eagle symbol on it. Their values range from 2 to 4 times bet from the round that triggered Free Spins. Coins appearing on the second reel during Free Spins are added to the second chest, with emerald seals and a snake symbol on it. Their values range from 2 to 5 times bet from the round that triggered Free Spins. Coins appearing on the third reel during Free Spins are added to the third chest, with golden seals and a cat symbol on it. Their values range from 4 to 10 times bet from the round that triggered Free Spins. There are three chest seal symbols corresponding to each chest, that land only on reel 5. Up to one chest seal may be collected and added to its corresponding chest during each spin in Free Spins. Each chest visible beneath the reels has three seal sockets that are empty at the beginning of Free Spins. Once one of the three seal symbols lands on reel 5, it is added to its corresponding chest, fills one of the sockets and a glowing seal appears in it. Once three identical chest seals are collected by landing on reel 5, Free Spins ends and the amount of coins present in the chest for which the three chest seals have been collected is awarded. Only one of the three chests can be won in Free Spins, after all three seals of the same color have been collected. During Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.97% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Wild Wild Collect Collect Pharaoh Coins Win Pharaoh Coins Win Last modification date: 12/28/2021