Cash O Matic Cash-o-Matic™ is a 1024 -bet way, 5-reel, 4-row video slot with Free Spins, Multipliers, and the Avalanche™ feature. The game is played on 1024 bet ways (fixed), 1 - 10 levels (20 coins per level), and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 1024 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol values are the same, regardless of the color scheme. Matching symbols in any position on 2 (in case of the red Star symbol) or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, is a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost reel to right. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. It is possible to win on more than 2 different symbols at the same time. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Avalanche Feature A bet way win or Scatter symbols on the reels start an Avalanche™. The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. Symbols in a winning combination remain on the reels, while all the other symbols disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche™ of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches™ continue until there are no more wins. The winnings from the Avalanches™ are counted and paid out after the final Avalanche™. Free Spins 10 Scatter symbols and more, appearing anywhere on the reels, activate Free Spins. The number of Scatter symbols collected equals the number of Free Spins won. The minimum number of Free Spins is 10. The number of Scatter symbols collected resets in between spins, but not Avalanches™. Collected Scatter symbols are added to the Scatter meter, while the rest of the symbols remain in place. Collected Scatters are then replaced by new symbols on the reels. This continues until there are no more Scatter symbols to collect. Scatter symbols are collected first, before any wins are evaluated. In Free Spins, 1 Free Spin will be awarded for each row filled with winning symbols (see Level Multiplier section). The Level Multiplier remains the same as at the start of Free Spins, regardless of the number of Free Spins collected. The Total Win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Level Multiplier The Level Multiplier is awarded, if at least 1 row is filled with winning symbols. It can be activated in both main game and Free Spins. The Level Multiplier multiplies bet way wins only. All in all, it has 4 levels (one level for each row filled with the winning symbols). In the main game, the levels equal the following Multipliers: 1 level - x1 Multiplier; 2 level - x2 Multiplier; 3 level - x4 Multiplier; 4 level - x10 Multiplier. In Free Spins, the Multiplier depends on the number of Scatter symbols that activated Free Spins. Any bet way wins are multiplied by the current Multiplier. 10-14 Scatter symbols: 1 level - x2 Multiplier; 2 level - x4 Multiplier; 3 level - x8 Multiplier; 4 level - x20 Multiplier. 15-19 Scatter symbols: 1 level - x3 Multiplier; 2 level - x6 Multiplier; 3 level - x12 Multiplier; 4 level - x30 Multiplier. 20+ Scatter symbols: 1 level - x5 Multiplier; 2 level - x10 Multiplier; 3 level - x20 Multiplier; 4 level - x50 Multiplier. The Level Multiplier resets in between Free Spins, but not Avalanches™. The win field in the main game includes any wins from the round multiplied by the respective Multiplier. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note:Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.33 Last modification date: 12/28/2021