Guns N' Roses Game Rules Guns N' Roses Video Slots™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Expanding Wilds, the Appetite for Destruction Wild, Bonus symbols, Encore Free Spins, Legend Spins, a Solo multiplier and a Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game. The game features a SET LIST with a choice of 5 different tracks to play during the game. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Bonus symbols and wins in the Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game. Wild and Expanding Wild Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on the reels, apart from on reel 3 in the Appetite for Destruction Wild feature, and substitute for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Wild symbols turn into an Expanding Wild which automatically expands to cover the entire reel. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Expanding Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Appetite for Destruction Wild, the overlay Wild in Legend Spins and the overlay Stacked Wild in Encore Free Spins. Random Features in the Main Game In the main game there are 3 features which are randomly activated: Legend Spins, the Appetite for Destruction Wild, and the Solo multiplier. Legend Spins The Legend Spins feature randomly awards 3 re-spins with 1-2 Stacked Wild reels. A Stacked Wild is a Wild symbol that covers 3 positions on the reel. The same artist symbol can appear on other reels but it will not be stacked or act as a Wild symbol. On the 1st spin, reel 3 is a Stacked Wild reel, on the 2nd spin reels 1 and 5 are Stacked Wild reels, and on the final spin reels 2 and 4 are Stacked Wild reels. Bonus symbols can not appear on the reels during Legend Spins. Re-spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the re-spin. Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. At the end of Legend Spins, the total win from the re-spins is added to any wins from the round that activated re-spins. Appetite for Destruction Wild The Appetite for Destruction Wild feature is an overlay Wild in the shape of a cross that can land randomly, either fully or partially displayed, on one of 3 possible reel positions. The Appetite for Destruction Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Appetite for Destruction Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE. The Appetite for Destruction Wild can not be activated when 3 Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels, or if Legend Spins has already been activated. When the Appetite for Destruction Wild is activated, no other feature can be activated. Bonus symbols can not appear on the reels during the Appetite for Destruction Wild feature. Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1,2 4 and 5 during the Appetite for Destruction Wild feature, but can not expand if the Wild symbol appears beneath the Appetite for Destruction Wild. However, if the Wild symbol lands on the same reel, above or below the Appetite for Destruction Wild, the Wild symbol will expand only to the position on the reel not covered by the Appetite for Destruction Wild. Solo Multiplier The Solo multiplier feature is a random multiplier that awards a win multiplier of x4 - x10 to a winning bet line, when all the bet line wins consist of matching symbols, or matching symbols including Wild substitutions. The Solo multiplier is activated if there are at least 3 matching symbols in a bet line win. The Solo multiplier is activated for 1 winning symbol per spin only (excluding Wild symbols). The Solo multiplier can not be activated if Legend Spins or the Appetite for Destruction Wild have already been activated. The Solo multiplier can not be activated when 3 Bonus symbols appear together anywhere on the reels, or when a Bonus symbol appears anywhere on both reels 1 and 3. All bet line wins are multiplied by the Solo multiplier for the entire win in the current spin. Bonus Features: Encore Free Spins, Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game and Coin Wins 3 Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1,3 and 5 in the main game, randomly award one of 3 features: Encore Free Spins, the Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game or a coin win. Before the Bonus feature starts, a Bonus Wheel appears and starts spinning. Click the stop button to stop the wheel spinning and see which Bonus feature is activated. The wheel stops automatically after a short period of time if the stop button is not clicked. The minimum coin win is 200 and the maximum is 600. This is multiplied by the bet level played and the total is displayed on the Bonus wheel. Encore Free Spins Encore Free Spins activates 10 Free Spins. During Encore Free Spins, a band member symbol will appear as an overlay Stacked Wild symbol on reel 2,3 or 4 in each spin. The corresponding band member symbol will act as a Wild on all other reels for the spin. A Stacked Wild is a Wild symbol that covers 3 positions on the reel. The same artist symbol can appear on other reels but it will not be stacked or act as a Wild symbol. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can not be won during Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game The Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game is a Pick & Click game with 3 levels. Players have a number of picks, which award coin wins. In addition to the coin wins, on all levels in the Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game, Free Spin symbols and a +1 pick symbol can also appear randomly as an overlay. The Crowd Meter displays collected coin wins and players progress towards the next level. 3 Free Spin symbols appearing during the entire Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game activate 10 Free Spins. Any Free Spins symbols awarded, are displayed in the boxes in the FREE SPINS field. On Level 1, 3 clicks are awarded out of a total of 8 available picks to award coin wins. 60 coins is the minimum coin win awarded. 1 Free Spin symbol can be awarded during Level 1. It is possible to get 3 Free Spins symbols on levels 2 and 3. Up to 3 Free Spin symbols can be awarded from all 3 levels combined. Level 2 is activated when the minimum of 60 coins is collected in Level 1 and the number of picks remaining is 0. At the start of Level 2, 3 new picks are awarded. Level 3 is activated when a total of 300 coins or more accumulated from levels 1 and 2 is reached, and either there are no picks left or all the instruments have been selected. On Level 3 it is possible to double the total win for the feature, by accumulating a total of 800 coins, the total Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game win will be multiplied by 2. On levels 2 and 3, if the maximum number of picks left for the level is reached, no extra pick is awarded. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the X button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click to view the SET LIST . Click to stop Bonus Wheel. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.93%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Appetite for Destruction Wild Appetite for Destruction Wild Solo Solo Legend Spins Legend Spins Free Spins Free Spins Encore Free Spins Encore Free Spins Bonus Bonus Bonus Game Bonus Game Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game Crowd-Pleaser Bonus Game Pick & Click Pick & Click Crowd Meter Crowd Meter Set List SET LIST Last modification date: 12/28/2021