Asgardian Stones Asgardian Stones™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-bet lines (fixed) video slot. The game features Colossal symbols, a Bonus Wheel, Free Spins, Wild substitutions, and the Avalanche™ feature. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus Wheel. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except wins from the Bonus Wheel. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into position in the reels, instead of spinning. A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Avalanche wins are added to any bet line wins. Colossal Symbols All symbols in the main game and in Free Spins also appear as a Colossal version, except for the Wild symbol in the main game. The Colossal symbol is a symbol block of 2x2 or 3x3 symbols. Colossal symbols are fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, and the entire Colossal symbol is removed even if only a small section of the symbol took part in the winning combination. All remaining symbols fall to the bottom-most position to fill the empty spaces, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. During the Avalanche, a Colossal symbol may fall in. Once the Colossal symbol has been placed, any remaining empty spaces are filled with regular symbols. It is not possible to have 2 or more Colossal symbols visible at the same time. Any part of a Colossal symbol included in a winning bet line pays according to the Paytable. Colossal Crush Feature After the first Avalanche, the Colossal Crush feature can be activated in both the main game and in Free Spins. A Colossal symbol must always have symbols in all the positions directly underneath it. When a new Colossal symbol falls down, it may randomly crush extra rows of symbols underneath it. If there still are empty positions underneath the Colossal symbol, as a result of a previous win, the Colossal symbol falls, crushing all symbols on the row underneath it. This continues until the Colossal symbol is at the bottom of the screen or until there are no empty positions underneath it. Each time a Colossal symbol falls down a row and crushes at least one symbol, a multiplier is awarded. For each row a symbol is crushed, the multiplier increases by 1 with a maximum multiplier of x4. The multiplier is applied in the next win evaluation and is then reset to 1, that is, each multiplier may only be used once. Bonus Wheel Feature The Bonus Wheel is a symbol block of 3x3 symbols that can land on the last 3 reels only, in both the main game and in Free Spins. It may land fully or partially visible in the play area. Once all Avalanches and win evaluations are over, the Bonus Wheel stops. Coin wins, Free Spins, or both, may be won on the Bonus Wheel. The number of coin wins and Free Spins won in the active fields of the Bonus Wheel will be equal to the number of rows the 3x3 symbol covers, that is, +1 prize for each row. A coin win from the Bonus Wheel is 1, 2 or 5 times the total bet, with the maximum coin win being 36 times the total bet. Unlike regular symbols, the Bonus Wheel is not removed after the win is awarded, meaning there will be no Avalanche after its evaluation. In addition to the Colossal Crush feature multiplier, the coin win values on the Bonus Wheel are also multiplied. However, this multiplier is not reset if there is a following Avalanche, instead if the multiplier increases again, the multiplier on the coin wins is increased further. When the Avalanche stops, the Bonus Wheel coin win is evaluated. Bonus Wheel wins are added to any bet line wins. Free Spins There are 3 fields in the Bonus Wheel awarding 5 Free Spins each. A win from the Bonus Wheel in the main game may therefore activate 5, 10 or a maximum of 15 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded is according to the Paytable. In Free Spins the Wild symbol may be a Colossal Wild symbol. If a Colossal Wild is part of the win, it is split up into 1x1 Wild symbols. The Wild symbols that are part of a win explode and disappear. The Wild symbols that are not part of the win stay on the reels and are part of the next Avalanches until there are no more wins. The Bonus Wheel can be reactivated a maximum of three times in Free Spins, and activate a maximum of 25 additional Free Spins in total. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.31% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Avalanche Avalanche Bonus Wheel Bonus Wheel Free Spins Free Spins Colossal Colossal Colossal Crush Colossal Crush Wild Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021