Caribbean Stud Professional Series Standard Limit Caribbean Stud Professional Series Game Rules This is the standard Caribbean Stud poker game. Each game is played with a new deck. This is how the game is played: First, place a bet, this is called the ante. In addition you can also place a bet on a progressive jackpot. If there are arrows to the left and right of the coins, click these to see additional coin values. Second, the player and the dealer is dealt their own five card hand. One of the dealer's cards is face up the other four are face down. Third, decide to stay in or fold. If you fold you forfeit your ante and progressive Jackpot bet. If you stay in you must add to your bet double the amount of the ante. Fourth (assuming the player is still in), the dealer looks at his/her cards. If the dealer does not have at least an Ace and King then the player automatically wins even money on the ante and the additional bet is returned. If the dealer does have at least Ace and King then a comparison is made between the player's hand and the dealer's hand. If the player has the higher hand he/she wins even money on the ante, and the additional bet pays according to the payoff table below. If the dealer's hand beats the player's hand he loses both the ante and raise. If the player and dealer have hands of the exact same value, the ante and the raise are returned to the player (Push). Caribbean Stud Professional Series hand ranking from highest to lowest is: Hand Description Example English hand name Payoff Royal Flush A, K, Q of the same suit. Royal Flush 200 to 1 Straight Flush Five cards of the same suit in a sequence, where an ace can count as high or low. Straight Flush 50 to 1 Four of a kind Four cards of the same rank. Four of a kind 20 to 1 Full house Three cards of the same rank and two cards of another equal rank. Full house 7 to 1 Flush Five cards of the same suit. Flush 5 to 1 Straight Five consecutive cards of mixed suits. Straight 4 to 1 Three of a Kind Three cards of the same rank and two cards of different ranks. Three of a Kind 3 to 1 Two pair Two sets of pairs, and one card of a different rank. Two pair 2 to 1 Pair A pair of cards, and three cards of different ranks. The example shows a pair of 10s. Pair 1 to 1 Ace + King An ace and a king, and three cards of different rank. Ace + King 1 to 1 If you have placed a bet on the jackpot you also win an additional amount specified in the Jackpot Bonus column below. The Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. The version of Caribbean Stud Professional Series you are playing may have a maximum win value, which will be shown in the Paytable. Hand Jackpot Bonus Royal Flush 100% of Jackpot Straight Flush 2500 for 1 Four of a kind 250 for 1 Full house 100 for 1 Flush 25 for 1 Straight 10 for 1 Three of a Kind 5 for 1 Two pair - Pair - Ace + King - Note: To view the Paytable, move the pointer over the Min/Max sign. Jackpot Rules The Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time an optional jackpot bet is made a portion of the jackpot bet is added to the jackpot. Progressive Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that the jackpot is won by another player during those 30 seconds, in which case the win is the new re-seeded jackpot which may be smaller. However, in most cases the 30 second delay results in a higher jackpot win value. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the casino server. The Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. If you win a Jackpot and are playing casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. The Casino Operator and the Software Supplier reserve the right to change or waive the Jackpot rules at any time and for any period. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Audio . Turn on or off all sounds. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Fast play . Turn on or off fast play presentation. Progressive bet . Turn on or off progressive betting. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.42% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Paytable Paytable Royal Straight Flush Royal Straight Flush Straight Flush Straight Flush Straight Straight Flush Flush Win Win Game rules generated: 2017-03-24 17:28:57 (UTC) Last modification date: 11/3/2020