Kings of Chicago™ Game Rules Kings of Chicago™ combines the best elements of a video slot with classic poker . It features Poker Hands, Joker card substitutions and Free Deals. The game is played with one deck of cards shuffled before each round. Scatter labels can randomly appear over any card. Cards showing the Scatter label keep their playing card value. The Joker card substitutes for all cards. You can play 5 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The deal button plays the game at the current coin value and bet level. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet line wins pay when a Poker Hand of three of a kind or higher is achieved. Joker wins are doubled (x2) when completing winning bet lines. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet line results. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Winning Poker Hands Hand Description Example Natural royal flush A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit without using the Joker. Five of a kind Four cards of the same rank and the Joker. Royal flush A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit with one card substituted by the Joker. Straight flush Five cards of the same suit in a sequence, where an ace can count as high or low. Four of a kind Four cards of the same rank. Full house Three cards of the same rank and two cards of another equal rank. Flush Five cards of the same suit. Straight Five consecutive cards of mixed suits. Three of a kind Three cards of the same rank. Free Deals 3 or more Scatter labels appearing on the cards in the main game activate Free Deals. Free Deals are played at the same bet as the round activating Free Deals. Bet line wins during Free Deals pay x2. In Free Deals, 3 or more Scatter labels activate additional Free Deals. Any Free Deals won are automatically added to the current Free Deals. At the end of Free Deals, the total win from Free Deals is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Deals. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Deals are won . Stop Autoplay when Free Deals are won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick deal . Turn on or off quick deal. Intro screen . Turn on or off the intro screen. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Poker Hand Poker Hand Free Deals Free Deals Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Last modification date: 2/1/2017