Wolf Cub Wolf Cub™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Scatter symbols and Free Spins with a Blizzard feature. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. Once the Free Spins are activated, all the reels with Scatter symbols spin with numbers of Free Spins on them. When the reels stop, the player is awarded a number of Free Spins equal to the sum of all the Free Spins numbers visible on the reels. The maximum amount of Free Spins the player can be awarded is 115. Blizzard Feature During Free Spins, if one symbol lands fully stacked on reel 1, all matching symbols on the other reels will spread towards reel 1, filling all spaces in the row between them and the matching symbols on reel 1. Wild symbols take part in the Blizzard Feature only if they landed fully stacked on reel 1. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.34% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Blizzard Blizzard Last modification date: 12/28/2021