Conan Game Rules Conan is a 6-reel, 4-row video slot with 24 bet lines paying both ways (fixed). The game features Scatter symbols, Tower Wilds, Mystery symbols, Mystery Multiplier, Battle Wilds and Linked Reels. The main game is divided into three 2x4 sections. Each section is connected to a feature: Tower Wilds (first section, reels 1 and 2), Mystery Multiplier with the Thoth-Amon feature (second section, reels 3 and 4) and Battle Wilds (third section, reels 5 and 6). All these three features have expanded versions in Free Spins. The game is played with 24 bet lines paying both ways (fixed), 20 coins per bet and different coin values. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. BET is the number of coins or cash to bet. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Only the highest win per bet line from both ways is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. SCATTER SYMBOL 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. You can choose between the City of Thieves Free Spins, the Temple of the Serpent Free Spins or the Walls of Tarantia Free Spins. 4 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 15 Free Spins. You can choose between the City of Thieves, the Temple of the Serpent or the Walls of Tarantia. 5 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 25 Free Spins. You can choose between the City of Thieves, the Temple of the Serpent or the Walls of Tarantia. 6 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 50 Free Spins. You can choose between the City of Thieves, the Temple of the Serpent or the Walls of Tarantia. TOWER WILDS Tower Wilds can appear on reels 1 and 2 in the main game and expand to cover reel 1 or 2 partially or entirely. Tower Wilds substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols and will not expand to cover Scatter symbols or other Tower Wilds. MYSTERY SYMBOL, MYSTERY MULTIPLIER AND THE THOTH-AMON FEATURE Mystery symbols can appear on reels 3 and 4 in the main game and can be single or stacked. Mystery symbols transform to any symbol except for Scatter symbols, Tower Wilds and Battle Wilds. All Mystery symbols transform into the same symbol. Landing a fully stacked Mystery symbol on reels 3 and/or 4 in the main game activates the Mystery Multiplier. Landing a fully stacked Mystery symbol on reels 3 and/or 4 in the main game together with a Tower Wild or a Battle Wild activate the Thoth-Amon feature. The Mystery Multiplier is not triggered in case of a no-win spin. All wins are multiplied by the Mystery Multiplier. The Mystery Multiplier is between 3 and 7. One or more fully stacked Mystery symbols together with one or more Tower Wilds or Battle Wilds can activate the Thoth-Amon feature. If the Thoth-Amon feature is activated, 3 - 6 Mystery symbols are randomly added on reels 2 – 5 on any position that is not already covered by another Mystery symbol, Scatter symbol or a Wild symbol. If there are no positions available, the feature ends. BATTLE WILDS Battle Wilds can appear on reels 5 and 6 in the main game and expand to up to 3 symbol positions sideways to an adjacent reel (reel 5 or 6). Battle Wilds can expand to a position already occupied by a Battle Wild but will not expand to cover Scatter symbols. Battle Wilds substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. LINKED REELS In the main game, the reel pairs in each of the three 2x4 sections have a chance of being linked with the other reel in the same section. In Free Spins, each spin has a random number of at least two adjacent reels linked together with a maximum of 6 linked reels. FREE SPINS There are three different types of Free Spins: City of Thieves Free Spins, Temple of the Serpent Free Spins and Walls of Tarantia Free Spins. All three Free Spins have different levels of volatility. Each Free Spins is connected to one of the features in the main game. The City of Thieves Free Spins with the Tower Wilds feature, the Temple of the Serpent Free Spins with the Mystery symbols, Mystery Multiplier and the Thoth-Amon feature, and the Walls of Tarantia Free Spins with the Battle Wilds feature. In each of the Free Spins types only the said feature is active as well as the Linked Reels. In the City of Thieves Free Spins, Tower Wilds can appear on all reels and expand up and or down to cover the reels partially or entirely. No other features, except Linked Reels can be activated. Volatility: Low/Medium. In the Temple of the Serpent Free Spins, Mystery symbols and stacked Mystery symbols can appear on all reels. Landing at least one fully stacked Mystery symbol covering a whole reel activates the Mystery Multiplier that multiplies all bet line wins by 3 – 7 respectively. Landing 5 – 9 Mystery symbols randomly activate the Thoth-Amon feature. The Thoth-Amon feature randomly adds 3 - 6 Mystery symbols on any of the reels. The Tower Wilds and Battle Wilds are not active during this feature. Volatility: Medium/High. In the Walls of Tarantia Free Spins, Battle Wilds can appear on all reels and expand to up to 3 symbol positions sideways to an adjacent reel. No other features, except Linked Reels can be activated. Volatility: Low/Medium. Free Spins are played with the same bet and coin value as the round activating Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. MULTIPLE FEATURES If more than one feature is triggered at the same time, the order of the features is as follows: the Thoth-Amon feature, Tower Wilds, Battle Wilds, Mystery Multiplier, Mystery symbols transformation and Scatters activation. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to select the number of Autoplay rounds. If Autoplay rounds have been selected, the remaining number of rounds is display on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Click up and down arrows to change coin value. Click to access the game settings and game information. Click to view the Paytable. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to view the game rules. Click to view your latest game history. Game History (not available when Playing for Fun) Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value: regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the cogwheel icon in the menu. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash. Click to show bet in cash instead of coins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced Autoplay settings click Autoplay, and then select your Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. Stop if Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.01%-96.65%. The optimal strategy is to always pick Temple of the Serpent Free Spins. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Mystery Symbol Mystery Symbol Tower Wilds Tower Wilds Mystery Multiplier Mystery Multiplier Battle Wilds Battle Wilds Last modification date: 12/28/2021