Fairytale Legends: Red Riding Hood™ Game Rules Fairytale Legends: Red Riding Hood™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Random Features, Bonus Features, Sticky Wild Re-Spins and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Random Features and Bonus Features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. At the end of Random and Bonus Features, the total win from these features is added to the round that activated the features. In the main game and during Random Features, stacks of medium win symbols can appear on any reel. All five reels contain a number of adjacent positions that, for every new spin, are randomly replaced with one of the medium win symbols except for the game logo symbol. The randomly selected symbol appears in stacks at the beginning of each spin. Sticky Wild Re-Spins Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the main game and on all reels in Free Spins. 2 or more Wild symbols appearing on the reels in the main game act as Sticky Wilds and award a Sticky Wild Re-Spin. All Sticky Wild symbols on the reels from the spin that activated the Sticky Wild Re-Spin remain in the same position on the reels during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. An additional Sticky Wild Re-Spin is awarded, if one or more visible Sticky Wilds appear on the reels during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. Wild symbols landing behind the Sticky Wilds are not considered visible. Sticky Wild Re-Spins end when no new visible Sticky Wilds appear during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. No Random Features or Bonus Features can be activated during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. If 3 Bonus symbols that activate the Bonus Features and 2 or more Wild symbols that activate the Sticky Wild Re-Spin land on the reels in the main game at the same time, the Bonus Feature is played first. Sticky Wild Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Random Features The 3 Random Features are: Fairy Magic Spin, Fairy Surprise and Fairy Wild Spin. Random Features are activated randomly in the main game. Random Features can not be activated during Sticky Wild Re-Spins or Free Spins. Random Features can not be activated at the same time as a Bonus Feature. Fairy Magic Spin In this Random Feature, a random cluster of 5 to 9 medium win symbols, except for the game logo symbol, appears as an overlay on the reels for one spin. Fairy Surprise The Fairy Surprise Random Feature is randomly activated in case of a no-win situation in the main game. A symbol is randomly selected from the medium win symbols on the reels after the spin. Other symbols, starting from the low win symbols, will turn into the selected symbol until a win is awarded. The Bonus and the Wild symbols can not be selected during this feature. Fairy Wild Spin 3 or 4 Wild symbols randomly appear on the reels 2, 3 and 4 during the spin. After the reels stop, and the wins have been paid out, a Sticky Wild Re-Spin is awarded. All Wild symbols on the reels from the initial spin remain in position on the reels during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. An additional Sticky Wild Re-Spin is awarded, if one or more visible Sticky Wilds appear on the reels during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. Wild symbols landing behind the Sticky Wilds are not considered visible. Sticky Wild Re-Spins end when no new visible Sticky Wilds appear during the Sticky Wild Re-Spin. Bonus Features 3 Bonus symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate one of the Bonus Features. To activate a Bonus Feature, the player picks one of three chests. If Autoplay is enabled, one of the chests will be chosen automatically in 7 seconds if no player input was made. The 3 Bonus Features are: Beware the Wolf Bonus, Free Spins and Coin Win. Beware the Wolf Bonus When the Beware the Wolf Bonus is activated, the player is awarded a board game-type Bonus Game. The player spins a whirligig by clicking the game screen to move around the board and win coins. The player starts at position 0. The multiplier ranges from x1 to x20 times the bet. The game has 5 types of locations: Coin Win, Double, Arrow, Jackpot Coin Win and Collect. When the player lands on the Coin Win location, a coin win is awarded. The coin win amount is equal to the current bet multiplied by the multiplier indicated on the location. When the player lands on the Double location, all multipliers in the Bonus Game, including the Jackpot Coin Win multiplier, are doubled. The multiplier does not apply to any coin wins collected so far in the Bonus Game. When the player lands on the Arrow location, the player moves along the arrow on the next move. When the player lands on the Jackpot Coin Win location, the Beware the Wolf Bonus ends and a jackpot coin win is awarded in addition to the coin wins collected so far in the Bonus Game. The Jackpot Coin Win amount is equal to the current bet multiplied by the x100 or the x200 Jackpot Coin Win multiplier. The latter is possible, if the player previously landed on the Double location. When the player lands on the Collect location, the Beware the Wolf Bonus ends and the coin wins collected so far are awarded. Free Spins When Free Spins are activated, the player is awarded with 10 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, 1 Bonus symbol that lands on the reels awards 2 additional Free Spins. 2 Bonus symbols award 4 additional Free Spins and 3 Bonus symbols award 10 additional Free Spins. In Free Spins, Bonus symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. In Free Spins, 2 or more Wild symbols appearing on the reels act as Sticky Wilds and award a Sticky Wild Re-Spin. In Free Spins, Sticky Wild symbols can appear on all reels. Bonus symbols can not appear on the reels during the Sticky Wild Re-Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Coin Win If the Coin Win is won, the player is awarded a coin win, which is equal to the current bet multiplied x15. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus feature is won . Stops Autoplay if Bonus Feature is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.33% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Bonus Bonus Sticky Wild Re-Spins Sticky Wild Re-Spins Fairy Magic Spin Fairy Magic Spin Fairy Surprise Fairy Surprise Fairy Wild Spin Fairy Wild Spin Beware the Wolf Bonus Beware the Wolf Bonus Free Spins Free Spins Coin Win Coin Win Jackpot Coin Win Jackpot Coin Win Last modification date: 12/28/2021