Taco Fury XXXtreme Game Rules Taco Fury™ XXXtreme is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Wild Explosion feature with Wild Reel symbols, Wild Row symbols, and Random Wilds symbols, as well as Re-Spins. The game also has XXXtreme Spins with guaranteed Wild Explosions. The game is played with 9 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 during each spin in the main game and during Re-Spins. A Wild symbol covering another Wild symbol in the Wild Explosion feature increases its level up to a maximum of level 4 instead according to the following table: Level Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Multiplier No multiplier x2 x3 x5 Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for each other. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. All bet line wins with a Wild symbol are multiplied by the symbol’s multiplier if any. If two or more Wild symbols appear on a winning bet line, the bet line win is multiplied only by the highest multiplier from among these symbols’ multipliers if any. Wild Explosion Feature A Wild Reel symbol, a Wild Row symbol, and/or a Random Wilds symbol can appear above reels 2, 3, and 4 during each spin in the main game and during the first Re-Spin. A Wild symbol appearing on the reels underneath a Wild Reel symbol, a Wild Row symbol, or a Random Wilds symbol in the main game or during Re-Spins awards a Re-Spin and activates the Wild Explosion feature before the wins are evaluated: A Wild symbol appearing on the reel underneath a Wild Reel symbol levels up and covers the other positions on the reel with Wild symbols. A Wild symbol appearing on the reel underneath a Wild Row symbol levels up and covers the adjacent positions to the right and left with Wild symbols. A Wild symbol appearing on the reel underneath a Random Wilds symbol levels up and covers 2 to 3 random positions on the reels with Wild symbols. If there are multiple Wild symbols on a reel underneath a Wild Reel symbol, a Wild Row symbol, or a Random Wilds symbol, one Wild symbol is chosen at random to activate the Wild Explosion feature. If there are Wild symbols activating the Wild Explosion feature on multiple reels, it is activated on one reel at a time starting from the leftmost reel. Wild Explosion feature can be activated on each reel only once per spin. Re-Spins Wild Explosion feature being activated one or more times during a main game spin or a Re-Spin awards a Re-Spin. All Wild symbols remain on the reels instead of disappearing at the start of each Re-Spin. Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating the Re-Spins. At the end of Re-Spins, the total win from Re-Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Re-Spins. XXXtreme Spins You can activate XXXtreme Spins anytime to get 1 or 2 guaranteed Wild Explosions during your next spin. Activating XXXtreme Spins costs 20 times the bet per spin for 1 guaranteed Wild Explosion and 60 times the bet per spin for 2 guaranteed Wild Explosions. XXXtreme Spins remain active until you deactivate them. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.05%. When playing the game with XXXtreme Spins with 1 guaranteed Wild Explosion, the theoretical return to player for this game is 96.04%. When playing the game with XXXtreme Spins with 2 guaranteed Wild Explosion, the theoretical return to player for this game is 96.03%. Note: Game History always shows the theoretical return to player for this game without activated XXXtreme Spins. Last modification date: 7/25/2023