Twin Spin Deluxe Game Overview Twin Spin Deluxe™ is a 6-reel, 5-row video slot with Cluster Pays™ and Twin Reel mechanics. The game uses Cluster Pays™ payout mechanic, 1-10 bet levels (10 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. 9 or more symbols appearing in a cluster award a win according to the PAYTABLE . Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A cluster win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A cluster win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. Twin Reel Feature Each spin starts with identical, adjacent twin reels that are linked together. During the spin the twin reels can expand to become three, four, five or even six linked adjacent reels. At the beginning of each spin, the identical twin reels can appear adjacently on any of the 6 reels. The number of reels that are linked together is random and occurs independently for each spin. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.61% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays™ Cluster Pays™ Twin Reel Twin Reel Game rules generated: Last modification date: 12/28/2021