Vegas Night Life Vegas Night Life™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring an Instant Win feature, Free Spins, and a Cash Stacker™ feature with Mini Jackpot, Midi Jackpot, and a progressive Mega Jackpot. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for the Instant Win feature wins, the Cash Stacker™ feature wins, Mini Jackpot, Midi Jackpot, and Mega Jackpot. In the Instant Win feature and the Cash Stacker™ feature, values assigned to the Pick Me symbols and the Cash Stacker™ symbols may be displayed using “K” instead of “thousands”. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear as single symbols or stacks anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Bonus Features 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate one of the Bonus Features. 3 Scatter symbols transform into Pick Me symbols, and the rest of the Scatter symbols increase the rewards in the Bonus Features. To activate a Bonus Feature, the player picks one of the Pick Me symbols. If Autoplay is enabled, one of the Pick Me symbols will be chosen automatically in 7 seconds provided that no player input was made. There are 3 Bonus Features: the Instant Win feature, Free Spins and the Cash Stacker™ feature. Instant Win Feature Instant Win feature is one of the Bonus Features that can be activated by 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels. In the Instant Win feature, the player is awarded with a random win of 7.5 to 250 times the bet multiplied by any applicable multipliers. The win is multiplied by 2 once or twice if the Instant Win feature was activated by 4 or 5 Scatter symbols respectively. The Instant Win feature is played at the same bet as the round that activated the Instant Win feature. The total win from the Instant Win feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Instant Win feature. Free Spins Free Spins are one of the Bonus Features that can be activated by 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels. The number of Free Spins awarded depends on the number of Scatter symbols landing on the reels according to the following table: Scatter Symbols Free Spins 3 5 4 10 5 20 In Free Spins, all bet line wins are multiplied by an x3 multiplier. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. The Total Win field includes any wins from Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the main game. Cash Stacker™ Feature Cash Stacker™ feature is one of the Bonus Features that can be activated by 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels. All spins in the Cash Stacker™ feature are free. In the Cash Stacker™ feature, the height of reels 1-5 increases to 5, 6, 7, 6 and 5 symbols respectively. In the Cash Stacker™ feature, only Cash Stacker™ symbols can appear on the reels. Scatter symbols that activated the Cash Stacker™ feature turn into Cash Stacker™ symbols and move to the bottom row at the beginning of the Cash Stacker™ feature. Starting Cash Stacker™ symbols are assigned a random value of 0.25 to 1.5 times the bet, 0.5 to 5 times the bet or 1 to 10 times the bet if the Cash Stacker™ feature was activated by 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols respectively. All Cash Stacker™ symbols that land on the reels in the Cash Stacker™ feature move to the lowest unoccupied position on the reels and remain there until the Cash Stacker™ feature ends. Each Cash Stacker™ symbol landing on the reels in the Cash Stacker™ feature is assigned a random value of 0.25 to 15 times the bet. The starting number of spins in the Cash Stacker™ feature is 3. One or more Cash Stacker™ symbol landing on the reels in the Cash Stacker™ feature resets the number of spins to 3. The Cash Stacker™ feature ends either when there are no spins left or when the entire play area is filled with Cash Stacker™ symbols. When five Cash Stacker™ symbols appear on row 2, 3, 4 or 5 (bottom to top) in the Cash Stacker™ feature, the values assigned to all Cash Stacker™ symbols on this row are multiplied by a multiplier according to the following table: Row (bottom to top) Multiplier Row 5 x5 Row 4 x4 Row 3 x3 Row 2 x2 At the end of the Cash Stacker™ feature, the player is awarded with a win equal to the sum of the values assigned to all Cash Stacker™ symbols on the reels. Six Cash Stacker™ symbols landing on reel 2 award a Mini Jackpot. The Mini Jackpot is fixed and awards 10 times the bet of the round that activated the Cash Stacker™ feature. Six Cash Stacker™ symbols landing on reel 4 award a Midi Jackpot. The Midi Jackpot is fixed and awards 30 times the bet of the round that activated the Cash Stacker™ feature. Seven Cash Stacker™ symbols landing on reel 3 award a Mega Jackpot. The Mega Jackpot is progressive. The Cash Stacker™ feature is played at the same bet as the round that activated the Cash Stacker™ feature. At the end of the Cash Stacker™ feature, the game returns to the main game. At the end of the Cash Stacker™ feature, the total win from the Cash Stacker™ feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Cash Stacker™ feature. Jackpot Rules The current jackpot value for each type of jackpot is displayed in the main game, in Free Spins and in the Cash Stacker™ feature at all times. The Mega Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player a portion of the bet is added to the Mega Jackpot. There is no upper limit on Mega Jackpot values. Mega Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Mega Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two Mega Jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second Mega Jackpot is the new re-seeded Mega Jackpot. All players playing the game when a Mega Jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the Mega Jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain Mega Jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Mega Jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Mega Jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and the Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable. There will be no contributions or claims towards the Mega Jackpot. The Mega Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Mega Jackpot amount paid out is the Mega Jackpot value on the casino server when a Mega Jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Mega Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the casino server. The Mega Jackpot value might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. If you win a Mega Jackpot and are playing with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. The currency conversion is based on currency exchange rates provided by SIX - the financial information provider. 3.7% of the bet are contributed to the Mega Jackpot. 20% of the contributions are set aside for the next Mega Jackpot. The next Mega Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 1,000 Euro plus the 20% of the contributions set aside. The Mega Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN or during Free Rounds. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Bonus Feature is won . Stops Autoplay if Bonus Feature is won. If Jackpot is won . Stops Autoplay when Jackpot is won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.0%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Pick Me Pick Me Bonus Feature Bonus Feature Instant Win Instant Win Free Spins Free Spins Cash Stacker Cash Stacker Mini Jackpot Mini Jackpot Midi Jackpot Midi Jackpot Mega Jackpot Mega Jackpot K K Game rules generated: