Fairytale Legends: Mirror Mirror Fairytale Legends: Mirror Mirror™ is a 243-bet way, 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Random Features, Bonus Features, and Mirror Re-Spins. The game is played on 243 bet ways, 1 - 10 levels (10 coins per level), and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 243 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Matching symbols in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels (in case of the game logo symbol, on 2 or more adjacent reels), starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, is a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost reel to right. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. It is possible to win on maximum 3 different symbols at the same time in the main game. A symbol win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level and the amount of times that symbol appears on each of the reels. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Random Features and Bonus Features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. The Mirror Re-Spin and the Bonus Features cannot be activated during the Random Features. At the end of Random and Bonus Features, the total win from these features is added to the round that activated the features. All five reels contain a number of adjacent positions that, for every new spin, are randomly replaced with one of the medium win symbols except for the game logo symbol. Example of a Way to Win payout at level 1 3 matching Princess symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 15 coins. This is multiplied by 2 (for 2 Princess symbols on reel 3), giving a total win of 2 x 15 = 30. Mirror Re-Spin The Mirror symbol can only appear on reel 3 in the main game, and on reels 1, 2, and 3 in Free Spins. Whenever the Mirror symbol lands on the reel, it transforms into either the Princess or the Queen symbol. The symbols of the same type as the Mirror symbol has transformed into, remain in the same position on the reels during the Mirror Re-Spin. More Re-Spins are awarded, if 1 or more symbols into which the Mirror symbol has transformed, land again on the reels during the Mirror Re-spin. No Random Features or Bonus Features can be activated during the Mirror Re-Spin. The Bonus Features and the Mirror Re-Spin cannot be activated during the same spin. Mirror Re-Spins end when there are no new symbols on the reels that the Mirror symbol has transformed into. The winnings from the Mirror Re-Spin are counted at the end of the feature. Mirror Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Random Features The 3 Random Features are: Fairy Magic Spin, Fairy Surprise and Fairy Mirror Feature. Random Features are activated randomly in the main game. Random Features cannot be activated during the Mirror Re-Spin or Bonus Features. Random Features cannot be activated at the same time as a Bonus Feature. Fairy Magic Spin In this Random Feature, a random cluster of 5 to 7 medium win symbols, except for the game logo symbol, appears as an overlay on the reels for one spin. Fairy Surprise The Fairy Surprise Random Feature is activated randomly in case of a no-win situation in the main game. A symbol is randomly selected from the medium win symbols on the reels after the spin. Other symbols, starting from the low win symbols, will turn into the selected symbol until a win is awarded. Fairy Mirror Feature In this Random Feature, the Mirror symbol is randomly placed in the middle of reel 3, thus awarding a Mirror Re-Spin (for more information see Game Rules under the section "Mirror Re-Spin"). Whenever the Mirror symbol lands on the reel, it transforms into either the Princess or the Queen symbol. The symbols of the same type as the Mirror symbol has transformed into, remain in the same position on the reels during the Mirror Re-Spin. More Re-Spins are awarded, if 1 or more symbols into which the Mirror symbol has transformed, land again on the reels during the Mirror Re-spin. Bonus Features 3 Bonus symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate one of the Bonus Features. The Bonus Features can also be activated randomly in case of a no-win situation in the main game: if 2 of the Bonus symbols land on reels 1 and 3, the third symbol may then be randomly placed on reel 5. To activate a Bonus Feature, the player picks one of three chests. If Autoplay is enabled, one of the chests will be chosen automatically in 7 seconds if no player input was made. The 3 Bonus Features are: Mining Bonus, Free Spins and Coin Win. Mining Bonus When the Mining Bonus is activated, the player breaks 1 crystal at a time out of 9 with a pickaxe. Each of the crystals equals a certain coin win. The minimum and maximum coin wins range between 50 and 500 coins multiplied by the current bet level. The Mining Bonus ends when either all of the crystals have been broken or when the pickaxe gets broken. The pickaxe may break at any time after the third pick. The total coin win is equal to the sum of all coin wins collected. Free Spins When Free Spins are activated, the player is awarded with 10 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. During Free Spins, the Mirror symbol can appear on reels 1, 2, and 3. 1 or more Mirror symbols appearing on the reels during Free Spins activate the Mirror Re-Spin. Whenever the Mirror symbols land on the reels during Free Spins, they all transform into either the Princess symbol or the Queen symbol. The symbols of the same type as the Mirror symbol has transformed into, remain in the same position on the reels during the Mirror Re-Spin. More Re-Spins are awarded, if 1 or more symbols into which the Mirror symbol has transformed, land again on the reels during the Mirror Re-spin. Mirror Re-Spins work the same way during Free Spins, as they do in the main game (for more information see Game Rules under the section "Mirror Re-Spin"). The Total Win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Coin Win If the Coin Win is won, the player is awarded a coin win, which is equal to the current bet multiplied x15. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus feature is won . Stops Autoplay if Bonus Feature is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.48% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Princess Princess Queen Queen Bonus Bonus Mirror Re-Spin Mirror Re-Spin Fairy Magic Spin Fairy Magic Spin Fairy Surprise Fairy Surprise Fairy Mirror Fairy Mirror Feature Free Spins Free Spins Coin Win Coin Win Mining Bonus Mining Bonus Last modification date: 12/28/2021