Aloha! Cluster Pays Game Overview Aloha! Cluster Pays™ is a 6-reel, 5-row video slot with the Cluster Pays™ mechanic. The game features Substitution Symbols, Sticky Win Re-Spins and Free Spins with Symbol Drop. The game is played with clusters of symbols, 1-10 bet levels (10 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. 9 or more symbols appearing in a cluster award a win according to the PAYTABLE . Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A cluster win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A cluster win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. Stacked Symbols In both the main game and Free Spins, Mask and Free Spin symbols appear as stacked symbols on the reels. A stacked symbol is a symbol that covers two positions on the reel and counts as the following: Name of the Stacked Symbols Count as Mask symbols Two symbols* Free Spin symbols One symbol *During Sticky Win Re-Spin and Substitution Symbols, the Mask symbols cover one position. Stacked symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. Any part of a stacked symbol included in a winning cluster pays according to the PAYTABLE . Substitution Symbol The Substitution Symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. A Substitution Symbol transforms into an adjacent symbol in order to create the highest possible win, according to the PAYTABLE . If no winning combination can be created by a Substitution Symbol, it will not transform. In the event that only Substitution Symbols are present on the reel area, they will transform into the highest value symbol. Substitution Symbols cannot substitute for Free Spin symbols. Sticky Win Re-Spins A cluster win randomly activates the Sticky Win Re-Spins. The Sticky Win Re-Spin feature cannot be activated during Free Spins. During a Sticky Win Re-Spin, the winning symbols are held and all other symbols re-spin. During Sticky Win Re-Spin, if the winning cluster size increases, the symbols increasing the size of the cluster also stick, and the remaining non-winning symbols re-spin again. This continues until there is a spin that does not increase the size of the cluster or until a cluster completely fills up the screen. The final cluster win is awarded according to the PAYTABLE. Sticky Win Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during a re-spin. A re-spin cannot be activated if the initial spin includes two separate winning clusters. During Sticky Win Re-Spins, it is not possible to win on any symbol other than the symbol that activated the re-spin. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 or more Free Spin symbols, fully or partially appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game, activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . 3 Free Spin symbols = 9 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols = 10 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols = 11 Free Spins 6 Free Spin symbols = 12 Free Spins Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins have a Symbol Drop mechanic where low win symbols are removed, increasing the chance of a bigger win on the remaining spins. The symbols are removed in the following sequence: At the end of the second spin, all Flower symbols are removed from the reel strips. At the end of the fourth spin, all Shell symbols are removed from the reel strips. At the end of the sixth spin, all Coconut symbols are removed from the reel strips. At the end of the eighth spin, all Pineapple symbols are removed from the reel strips. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. 3 or more Free Spin symbols, fully or partially appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins, activate additional Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . 3 Free Spin symbols = +1 extra Free Spin 4 Free Spin symbols = +2 extra Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols = +3 extra Free Spins 6 Free Spin symbols = +4 extra Free Spins Note: A Free Spin symbol landing partially or fully on the reels, counts as one Free Spin symbol. If there is no win on the last Free Spin, the player gets an extra Free Spin until a win occurs. Note: In case of 3 Free Spin symbols appearing during the last spin, an extra Free Spin will be awarded. This new Free Spin will be played after the current spin and will be counted as the last Free Spin. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.42% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays™ Cluster Pays™ Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Sticky Win Re-Spin Sticky Win Re-Spin Substitution Symbols Substitution Symbols Symbol Drop Symbol Drop Last modification date: 1/31/2017