Dead or Alive Game Rules Dead or Alive™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 9-bet line multiple-coin video slot featuring Scatter wins, Free Spins, Wild substitutes, and a Sticky Wild feature during Free Spins. You can play 9 bet lines at 1 to 4 bet levels. The spin button plays the game at the current bet level. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. AUTO automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. The Scatter symbol does not appear during Free Spins. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines won. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any bet line wins. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. All wins from Free Spins including re-triggered Free Spins, pay X2. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 12 Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Sticky Wilds Wild symbols become Sticky Wild symbols during Free spins. Sticky Wild symbols hold their positions on the reels for the remainder of the Free Spins session. During Free Spins, one or more Sticky Wild symbols appearing on all the reels only activate 5 extra Free Spins. Sticky Wild symbols on the reels at the end of Free Spins are not transferred to the main game. Free Spins sessions start with zero Sticky Wild symbols. Re-triggered Free Spins keep the Sticky Wild symbols from the triggering Free Spins session. Free Spins can be re-triggered once per Free Spin session. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Multiplier Multiplier Last modification date: 12/28/2021