Divine Fortune Game Rules Divine Fortune is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Falling Wilds Re-Spins, a Wild on Wild feature, Free Spins and a Jackpot Bonus game. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Jackpot Bonus game. Falling Wilds Re-Spins Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Bonus symbols. After a Wild symbol appears on the reels and all bet wins are awarded for that spin, each Wild symbol shifts down one position on the reels and a Falling Wilds Re-Spin is awarded, in both the main game and Free Spins. Wild symbols that shift downward during Falling Wilds Re-Spins are called Falling Wilds. Wild symbols continue to activate Falling Wilds Re-Spins until they disappear from the reels. A Falling Wilds Re-Spin is still awarded on the round when the last Falling Wild symbol falls off the reels on the bottom row. Additional Falling Wilds Re-Spins can be won during a Falling Wilds Re-Spin. Bonus symbols and Free Spins symbols can not appear on the same reel as a Falling Wild in the main game, as long as the Falling Wild is active. Bonus symbols do not appear during Free Spins. Both Free Spins and the Jackpot Bonus game can be won during a Falling Wilds Re-Spin. Falling Wilds Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Falling Wilds Re-Spins. Falling Wilds Re-Spins wins are automatically added to any wins from the initial spin. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during a Falling Wilds Re-Spin. Wild on Wild Feature In both the main game and Free Spins, the Wild on Wild feature is activated when a Wild symbol lands behind a Falling Wild. When the Wild on Wild feature is activated, the affected Wild symbol will expand to cover the entire reel and all bet wins are awarded for that spin. Each Wild symbol shifts down one position on the reels and a Falling Wilds Re-Spin is awarded with 2 Falling Wilds on the reel. If 3 or more Free Spins symbols appear in the same spin as a Wild symbol, any Falling Wilds Re-Spins that are won in the round that activated Free Spins are played after Free Spins is completed. In the main game only, if 3 or more Bonus symbols have been collected after the final spin of an entire round, including Falling Wilds Re-Spins, the Jackpot Bonus game is activated. Free Spins 3 or more Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game, including during Falling Wilds Re-Spins, activate Free Spins according to the Paytable. Additional Free Spins can not be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. In Free Spins only, any Wild symbol landing on the reels becomes a Wild on Wild, which automatically expands to cover the entire reel. Jackpot Bonus Game The Jackpot Bonus game is activated when 3 or more Bonus symbols are collected in the main game only, including Falling Wilds Re-Spins. Note: All spins within the Jackpot Bonus game are free. The collected Bonus symbols are randomly placed on the reels before the start of the Jackpot Bonus game. The Jackpot Bonus game has 15 independent reels, spinning individually. Each Bonus symbol has a random coin win value of 10 – 200 x bet level. The player starts the Jackpot Bonus game with 3 spins. When at least one Bonus symbol lands on the reels during a spin, the number of spins resets to 3. Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Jackpot Bonus game remain on the reels until the Jackpot Bonus game ends. When no more spins remain, the Jackpot Bonus game ends and the wins are awarded. A Jackpot can be won in the Jackpot Bonus game: If one entire row, from left to right, is filled with Bonus symbols; the Minor, fixed, Jackpot is won. The Minor Jackpot awards 20 x bet placed in the round that activated the Jackpot Bonus game. If two entire rows are filled with Bonus symbols; the Major, fixed, Jackpot is won. The Major Jackpot awards 100 x bet placed in the round that activated the Jackpot Bonus game. If all three rows are filled with Bonus symbols; the Mega, progressive, Jackpot is won. A Jackpot can only be won during the Jackpot Bonus game and only one Jackpot per Jackpot Bonus game. The chance to win the Mega progressive Jackpot correlates positively with the bet size. At the end of the Jackpot Bonus game, the total win from the Jackpot Bonus game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Jackpot Bonus game. At the end of the Jackpot Bonus game, the total bonus win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. At the end of the Jackpot Bonus game, the game returns to the round that activated the Jackpot Bonus game. Note: If the Jackpot Bonus game is activated during Autoplay, Autoplay will automatically stop.The Jackpot Bonus game is not played automatically. At the end of the Jackpot Bonus game, the game returns to the round that activated the Jackpot Bonus game and Autoplay is no longer activated. Jackpot Rules The Mega Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player a portion of the bet is added to the Mega Jackpot. Progressive Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second jackpot is the new re-seeded jackpot. All players playing the game when a jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable. There will be no contributions or claims towards the Jackpot. The Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the casino server. The Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. If you win a Jackpot and are playing casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. Divine Fortune contains Minor, Major and Mega Jackpots. The following contribution is made from each bet: 3.7% of the bet is contributed to the MEGA Jackpot. The current Jackpot amount for each type of jackpot is displayed at the top of the game. The Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN . Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to start a Bonus round, all spins are free (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.59% Note: 10,000 Euro default seed value is accounted for in the game RTP. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Falling Wilds Falling Wilds Re-Spin Re-Spin Wild on Wild Wild on Wild Free Spins Free Spins Bonus Bonus Jackpot Bonus Jackpot Bonus Jackpot Jackpot Last modification date: 12/31/2021