Motorhead Untitled Document Motörhead Video Slot™ Game Rules Motörhead Video Slot™ is a 5-reel,76-line (fixed) video slot with Free Spins, Wild substitutions, a Bomber Feature and a Mystery Reel feature. The game is played with 76 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Scatter symbols appear on the reels in the base game only. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Mystery symbols can be any symbol except for Scatter symbols. Mystery symbols appear in the main game during the Mystery Reel Feature, the Bomber Feature and Free Spins. Mystery Reel Feature On every spin in the main game and Free Spins, unless the Bomber Feature is active, 1 or more reels will be Mystery Reels. A Mystery Reel is a reel that consists of a stacked reel of mystery symbols and regular symbols. After the reels have stopped, if there are mystery symbols on the reels, the mystery symbols transfer into 1 random symbol except for a Scatter. Bomber Feature The Bomber Feature can be activated randomly before a spin in the main game only. A number of bombs occur on the reels and then create at least 10 overlay mystery symbols. The maximum number of bombs that appear on the reels is 5 and the maximum number of overlay mystery symbols produced by the bombs is 15. Each bomb consists of a cluster of mystery symbols. Once each bomb has generated the mystery overlay symbols, the reels spin with a symbol being chosen in the same way as the Mystery Reel Feature. Free Spins cannot be activated during the Bomber Feature. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4, and 5, in the main game activates 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, the Mystery Reels consist of both Mystery symbols and Wild symbols. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded is according to the Paytable. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to turn Rock Mode on or off. When Rock Mode is activated, Motörhead music plays in the background of the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.98% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Mystery Reel Feature Mystery Reel Feature Bomber Feature Bomber Feature Rock Mode Rock Mode Bomber Bomber Mystery Mystery Last modification date: 12/28/2021