Mega Fortune Game Rules Mega Fortune™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25-bet line multiple-coin video slot featuring scatter wins, Free spins, Wild substitutes, and a triple Jackpot Bonus game. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-4 bet levels and different coin values. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wins pay on selected bet lines, except for Scatter symbols. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines selected. Scatter wins are added to any bet line wins. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same number of lines, level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Click a Scatter to reveal the number of Free Spins and the multiplier. Free Spins pay win x multiplier (1-5) displayed in the game. Excludes Bonus Game winnings and additional Free Spins. In Free Spins, 2 or more Scatters activate additional Free Spins or multiplier. The multiplier is automatically added to the current multiplier. Maximum multiplier is 5. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Bonus Game 3 or more Bonus symbols, if in succession from leftmost to right, on an active bet line start the Bonus Game. The chance to win a Jackpot correlates positively with the Jackpot size and bet size. The Bonus Game can be activated during Free Spins. Only one Bonus Game is awarded per spin. The first and second wheels give a chance of a coin win or to play the next wheel. The second and third wheels give chances of a coin or Jackpot win. Click STOP to stop a spinning wheel and claim a reward. If a wheel stops on a coin value, the value is awarded and the Bonus Game ends. If a wheel stops on an arrow, the next wheel starts spinning. If a wheel stops on a Jackpot, the Jackpot is won and the Bonus Game ends. The Chocolate Wheel in the Bonus feature of this game does not represent a "real", physical wheel and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular spot is determined by the game's random number generator, and not the number of positions on each wheel. The coin wins in the Bonus Game are proportional to the bet level in the round that activated the Bonus Game. At the end of the Bonus Game, the total bonus win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. The highest possible coin win in the Bonus Game is 7500. At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. Jackpot Rules The Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player a portion of the bet is added to the Jackpot. Progressive Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second jackpot is the new re-seeded jackpot which (on very rare occasions) is smaller than the previous jackpot won. All players playing the game when a jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable. There will be no contributions or claims towards the Jackpot. The Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the casino server. Note: The displayed Jackpot win can due to rounding marginally differ from actual win. The Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. If you win a Jackpot and are playing casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. Mega Fortune contains Mega, Major and Rapid Jackpots. The following contributions are made from each bet: 1% of the bet is contributed to the RAPID Jackpot. 1% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. 5.39% of the bet is contributed to the MEGA Jackpot. The current Jackpot amount is displayed at the top of the game. The Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN . Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If Bonus Game is won . Stop Autoplay when a Bonus Game is won. If Jackpot is won . Stops Autoplay when Jackpot is won. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.6% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Bonus Game Bonus Game Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Jackpot Jackpot