Fairytale Legends: Hansel and Gretel™ Game Rules Fairytale Legends: Hansel and Gretel™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Random Features, Bonus Features, Free Spins, Stacked Wild Re-Spins and Wild Substitutions. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession starting anywhere on the bet line. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. In the main game, Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2 and 4, and additionally on reels 1 and 5 during the Stacked Wild Re-Spin. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Random Features and Bonus Features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. At the end of Random and Bonus Features, the total win from these features is added to the round that activated the features. In the main game and during Free Spins, stacks of symbols can appear on any reel. All five reels contain a number of adjacent positions that, for every new spin, are randomly replaced with one of the symbols except for the game logo symbol and the Wild. The randomly selected symbol appears in stacks at the beginning of each spin. Stacked Wild Re-Spins Stacked Wild symbols can appear on reels 2 and 4 in the main game and additionally on reels 1 and 5 during the Stacked Wild Re-Spin. Stacked Wild symbols can cover the entire reel. Whenever Stacked Wild symbols land covering the entire reel, a Stacked Wild Re-Spin is awarded. More Stacked Wild Re-Spins are awarded, if further stacks land visible covering the entire reel. The Stacked Wild symbols covering the entire reel from the spin that activated the Stacked Wild Re-Spin remain in the same position on the reels during the Stacked Wild Re-Spin. Stacked Wild symbols landing behind the Stacked Wild symbols are not considered visible. When there are no more visible Stacked Wild symbols that cover the entire reel, Stacked Wild Re-Spins end. No Random Features or Bonus Features can be activated during the Stacked Wild Re-Spin. If 3 Bonus symbols that activate the Bonus Features and Stacked Wild symbols that activate the Stacked Wild Re-Spin land on the reels in the main game at the same time, the Bonus Feature is played first. Stacked Wild Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Random Features The 3 Random Features are: Fairy Wonder Spin, Fairy Surprise and Fairy Wild Spin. Random Features are activated randomly in the main game. Random Features can not be activated during Stacked Wild Re-Spins or Free Spins. Random Features can not be activated at the same time as a Bonus Feature. Fairy Wonder Spin In this Random Feature, a cluster of 5 to 9 game logo symbol appears as an overlay on the reels for one spin. The cluster covers 3 reels, and can start from reel 1, 2 or 3. The middle reel will always consist of 3 game logo symbols, the left and the right reels will each contain from 1 to 3 game logo symbols. The starting reel of the cluster is chosen randomly. There are no Wilds on the reels during this Random Feature. Fairy Surprise The Fairy Surprise Random Feature is activated randomly in case of a no win situation in the main game. A symbol is randomly selected from the symbols on the reels after the spin. Other symbols, starting from the low win symbols, will turn into the selected symbol until a win is awarded. The Bonus and the Wild symbols can not be selected during this feature. Fairy Wild Spin In this feature, 2 full stacks of Wild symbols can randomly appear on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 during the spin. After the reels stop, and the wins have been paid out, a Stacked Wild Re-Spin is awarded. The Stacked Wild symbols covering the entire reel from the spin that activated the Stacked Wild Re-Spin remain in the same position on the reels during the Stacked Wild Re-Spin. If further Stacked Wild symbols land visible covering the entire reel, more Stacked Wild Re-Spins are awarded. When there are no more visible Stacked Wild symbols that cover the entire reel, Stacked Wild Re-Spins end. Bonus Features 3 Bonus symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate one of the Bonus Features. To activate a Bonus Feature, the player picks one of three chests. If Autoplay is enabled, one of the chests will be chosen automatically in 7 seconds if no player input was made. The 3 Bonus Features are: Candy House Bonus, Free Spins and Coin Win. Candy House Bonus When the Candy House Bonus is activated, the player picks 3 out of 15 items. Each item equals a certain multiplier. The multiplier value is not revealed. After having picked the 3 multipliers, the player can either choose to receive the average value of the 3 multipliers, or pick one of the 3 previously chosen multipliers. The multiplier value is revealed after the player makes the choice. The minimum and maximum multipliers range between x1.2 and x120 times the bet. At the end of the Candy House Bonus, the bet is multiplied by the chosen multiplier which is then added to any wins from the round that activated the Candy House Bonus. Free Spins When Free Spins are activated, the player is awarded with 10 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, 1 Bonus symbol that lands on the reels awards 2 additional Free Spins. 2 Bonus symbols award 4 additional Free Spins and 3 Bonus symbols award 10 additional Free Spins. In Free Spins, Bonus symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. When Stacked Wild symbols appear fully covering reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 in Free Spins, a Stacked Wild Re-Spin is awarded. Bonus symbols can not appear on the reels during the Stacked Wild Re-Spin. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Coin Win If the Coin Win is won, the player is awarded a coin win, which is equal to the current bet multiplied x15. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus feature is won . Stops Autoplay if Bonus Feature is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.71% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Bonus Bonus Stacked Wild Re-Spin Stacked Wild Re-Spin Fairy Wonder Spin Fairy Wonder Spin Fairy Surprise Fairy Surprise Fairy Wild Spin Fairy Wild Spin Free Spins Free Spins Coin Win Coin Win Candy House Bonus Candy House Bonus Last modification date: 12/28/2021