Universal Monsters The Phantoms Curse Game Rules Universal Monsters™ The Phantom's Curse Video Slot is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring Wild Substitutions, a Scatter symbol, 3 Bonus Symbols that also act as Wilds, a Pick and Click Bonus game, Free Spins and a sticky Wild Re-spin feature. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per active bet line from both ways is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Free Spins and Re-spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. Main Game Both the first and last reel can contain Stacked Bonus Symbols (not present during Free Spins). There are 3 different types of Stacked Bonus Symbols. The Stacked Phantom appears only on the first reel, while the Stacked Mask and Stacked Christine symbols appear only on the last reel. Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Free Spins and Bonus Features cannot be triggered at the same time. Stacked Bonus symbols also act as Wild symbols. Pick and Click The Pick and Click bonus game is triggered when the Stacked Phantom symbol lands fully on reel 1 and the Stacked Christine symbol lands fully on reel 5. A Stacked Bonus Symbol is considered to have fully landed on the reels when the block of 2 symbols appears on 2 of the 4 places on the reels. A Stacked Bonus Symbols consists of a block of 2 symbols. The bonus game has 2 stages. In stage 1, a player has 8 roses to choose from. Some roses reveal coin wins while others reveal blocker symbols. The player picks roses until a blocker symbol is displayed on the screen. After a player chooses a blocker symbol in stage 1, they move to stage 2. In stage 2 of the bonus game, the player has to choose 1 of 3 mirrors. The mirrors represent a multiplier of either 1x, 2x or 3x the coin win from stage 1. The coin win from stage 1 is multiplied by the chosen multiplier value and payed out. The first pick in stage 1 always results in a coin win. At the end of the Pick and Click, the total win from the Pick and Click is added to any wins from the round that activated the Pick and Click. The coin wins that can be won during Stage 1 of the Pick and Click are: 20, 40 or 100 coins (multiplied by the bet level). The maximum coin win in the Pick and Click game is 7200 coins. Masked Phantom Re-spin The Masked Phantom Re-spin is triggered when a Stacked Phantom symbol lands fully on reel 1 and a Stacked Mask symbol lands fully on reel 5. The Bonus Stacked Symbols, as well as Mask symbols and Phantom symbols visible during the spin that activated the Re-spin, turn into Wilds and stick on the reels for one free Re-spin. No bonus symbols or Scatters appear on the reels during the Re-spin. The Pick and Click, Free Spins and additional Re-spins cannot be triggered during the Re-spin. At the end of the Masked Phantom Re-spin, the total win from the Masked Phantom Re-spin is added to any wins from the round that activated the Masked Phantom Re-spin. Before the Re-spin, all winnings from the main game will first be calculated and then the reels will re-spin. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 respectively trigger Free Spins. During Free Spins, a chandelier hangs by ropes, appearing next to the five reels with each rope connected to a certain reel. Landing a Masked Phantom symbol on a reel cuts that section of rope and highlights the reel connected with that section. After the rope has been cut for a reel, subsequent Masked Phantom symbols appearing on that reel will not lead to another rope being cut on a different reel. When all five ropes next to the reels are cut, the chandelier falls and Free Spins ends. The Masked Phantom symbol acts as a Wild during Free Spins. When a Masked Phantom symbol has landed on a reel and cut the rope, all Masked Phantom symbols on that reel become fully stacked Masked Phantom symbols from the next spin, and remain stacked for the remainder of the Free Spins session. A fully stacked set of Masked Phantom symbols is a block of 4 Masked Phantom symbols. During Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Scatter symbols, Mask symbols and normal Phantom symbols do not appear on the reels during Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.57% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Pick and Click Pick and Click Re-spin Re-spin Stacked Bonus Symbols Stacked Bonus Symbols Stacked Phantom Stacked Phantom Stacked Christine Stacked Christine Stacked Mask Stacked Mask Masked Phantom Masked Phantom Scatter Scatter Last modification date: 10/14/2020