Secrets of Atlantis™ Secrets of Atlantis™ Game Rules Secrets of Atlantis™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-line (fixed) video slot with a Highlight feature, Nudge Wilds, Colossal symbols Re-Spins, and Win Both Ways. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per 2 bet lines. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per active bet line from both ways is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Highlight Feature During every spin, the Highlight feature randomly highlights positions on reels 2, 3 and 4. If the Highlights completely cover reels 2, 3 and 4 at the end of a spin, a Colossal symbols Re-Spin is activated. A Colossal symbol is a symbol block of 3x4 symbols and can appear in Colossal symbols Re-Spins only. Colossal symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. The Colossal symbol will always be fully displayed on the row. During a Colossal symbols Re-Spin, reels 2, 3 and 4 transform into one reel with Colossal symbols. Reels 1 and 5 re-spin with the regular symbols only. If the reel with the Colossal symbols is fully highlighted, an additional Colossal symbols Re-Spin is activated. Colossal symbols Re-Spins ends when the reel with the Colossal symbols is not fully highlighted after a Colossal symbols Re-Spin. At the end of Colossal symbols Re-Spins, the total win from the Colossal symbols Re-Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated the Colossal symbols Re-Spins. Colossal symbols Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Colossal symbols Re-Spins. Nudge Wild The Nudge Wild may be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. If only part of the Nudge Wild appears on the active rows, the Nudge Wild is nudged up or down covering the entire reel. When a Colossal Nudge Wild lands partially on the reels during a Colossal symbols Re-Spin, the Colossal Nudge Wild is nudged up or down covering the whole reel. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.1% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Highlight Highlight Colossal Colossal Re-Spin Re-Spin Nudge Wild Nudge Wild Wild Wild Win Both Ways Win Both Ways Last modification date: 12/28/2021