Swipe and Roll Swipe and Roll™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with a Coin Wheel feature, a Bonus Game, Wild and x3 Wild substitutions, and Wild Re-Spins on 3+ Wilds. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild and x3 Wild Wild symbols can appear on any reel in the main game and during Wild Re-Spins. x3 Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Both Wild and x3 Wild symbols will substitute for all symbols, except for Scatter symbols and other Wild symbols. Bet line wins containing an x3 Wild will be multiplied by 3. If 2 or more x3 Wild symbols appear on the winning bet line, then the corresponding multipliers are multiplied. The maximum multiplier can reach up to x27. Wild and x3 Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild Re-Spin 3 or more Wild symbols (both regular or x3) appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game, activate a Wild Re-Spin. Wild symbols remain on the reels for the Wild Re-Spin. Additional Wild Re-Spins cannot be activated during the Wild Re-Spin. Wild Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Coin Wheel Feature The Coin Wheel feature is activated randomly during the main game before the reels stop. The Coin Wheel contains the following: Coin wins, a Scatter symbol, and Arrow symbols. The lit up section awards either Coin wins, a Scatter symbol or an Arrow symbol. The Coin win section awards a respective Coin win. The Scatter symbol starts the Bonus game. The Arrow symbol expands the winning area 1 step up and/or down depending on where the arrow points. After the winning area has expanded, wins from all lit up positions are awarded. If the win from the Coin Wheel feature is less than x5 the total bet, the wheel will re-spin. Any wins up to that point will be kept and added to the feature win. The maximum win in the Coin Wheel feature is 1080 coins. The coin payout values are based on bet level 1. If the Bonus game is activated, the wheel doesn’t re-spin. At the end of the Coin Wheel feature, the game returns to the round that activated the Coin Wheel feature. Coins won during the Coin Wheel feature are multiplied by the current bet level. The total win field includes any wins during the Coin Wheel feature added to any wins from the round that activated the Coin Wheel feature. Bonus Game 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on the reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and during Wild Re-Spins, activate the Bonus game. The Bonus game can also be won from the Coin Wheel feature. In the Bonus Game, the player swipes 3 wheels in any order up or down, one at a time. The players can also click "Spin" to spin the wheels one at a time from left to right. The wheels contain Coin wins and Arrow symbols. When landing on an Arrow symbol, the win area will expand for all 3 wheels together. If the expanded win area contains another Arrow symbol, the win area will expand again for all 3 wheels together. This will continue until no further Arrow symbols are present in the win area. The win area can be expanded a maximum of 2 steps in both directions. The maximum height of the win area can reach up to 5 rows. After the win area has expanded, all active win positions are awarded. The minimum and maximum wins in the Bonus Game are 60 and 4320 coins respectively. The coin payout values are based on bet level 1. At the end of the Bonus game, the game returns to the round that activated the Bonus game. Coins won during the Bonus Game are multiplied by the current bet level. The total win field includes any wins during the Bonus game added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus game. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus Game is won . Stops Autoplay when Bonus Game is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.35% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Re-Spin Re-Spin Wild Re-Spin Wild Re-Spin Coin Wheel Coin Wheel Bonus Game Bonus Game Swipe a Wheel Swipe a Wheel Last modification date: 12/28/2021