Warlords - Crystals of Power Game Rules Warlords - Crystals of Power™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 30-line (fixed) video slot featuring Wild substitutions, stacked symbols, Scatter symbols, Re-Spins, Free Spins and a Random Wild. The game is played with 30 bet lines (fixed), a 15 coin bet size (fixed), 1-10 bet levels, and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with the Final Chance feature. The maximum total win in coins is capped at 100 000 times multiplied by the bet level. Random Overlay Wild During every spin in the main game, a Random Overlay Wild feature can be activated. The Random Overlay Wild feature uses a different reel set to the main game with no scatters on the reels. There are 3 different types of Random Overlay Wilds. The Barbarian Hammer feature, awarding 4 Wild symbols in the shape of a square on reels 1 to 4. The Priestess Arrow feature, awarding 2 to 5 Wild symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Samurai Sword feature, awarding 2 to 5 Wild symbols on reels 1 to 4. After the feature is activated, the symbols will be replaced by Overlay Wild symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Scatter The game features 3 different Scatter symbols with each Scatter symbol having a Free Spins game associated with it. The blue Scatter symbol with the Barbarian Free Spins, the green Scatter symbol with the Priestess Free Spins and the red Scatter symbol with the Samurai Free Spins. In the main game, the initial Scatters each reward its corresponding game feature which is either 3 Free Spins, 1 Multiplier or 1 Sticky Wild. The Free Spins game awarded to the player will be determined by the type of Scatter symbols appearing on the reels and, in the case of the Samurai Free Spins, the position of the Scatter symbols on the reels. In the main game, Re-Spins are awarded when 2 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only, and can appear on all 5 reels during Re-Spins. If the Scatter symbols are of the same type, the Re-Spin starts immediately. However, if the Scatter symbols differ, they randomly transform so that all Scatter symbols are of the same type before the Re-Spin starts. Battle If 2 different Scatter symbols appear on the reels, 1 Scatter symbol is randomly chosen after a battle, to transform into the other symbol so that they are both the same before the Re-Spins start. There is a 50/50 chance of which symbol will be chosen as the active Scatter symbol. If 2 Scatter symbols of the same type appear on the reels with 1 Scatter symbol of a different type, the Scatter symbols will, after a battle, transform into the same type before the Re-Spins start. In this situation, there is a 75% chance that the symbol with 2 Scatter symbols will be the active symbol. If 3 different Scatter symbols appear on the reels, the Scatter symbols will, after a battle, transform into the same type before the Re-Spins start. In this situation, there is an equal chance that each symbol has of being the active symbol. Re-Spins During the Re-Spin or Re-Spins, the active Scatters will stay in their position with all other symbols being inactive. There are no additional bet-line wins during Re-spins. Additional Re-Spins can be activated after the initial Re-Spin if a new Scatter symbol appears of the same type as the one that is already active. 3 or more Scatter symbols activate Free Spins. If Free Spins are not activated after Re-Spins, the player has one final chance to activate them. Final Chance If the Re-Spins are triggered with 2 scatters and no additional Scatters appear during the Re-Spins, the player will receive a random feature that will reveal either a coin win ranging from 3 to 100 times the bet or a Scatter symbol at a random position on the reels. Coins won from the random feature are added to any bet line wins. If the random feature reveals a Scatter symbol, the new Scatter symbol will be randomly placed on the reels and Free Spins will begin, meaning no additional Re-Spins are awarded. When no more Re-Spins are activated, if there are 3 or more of the same type of active Scatter symbols on the reels, Free Spins will start. Free Spins There are 3 different types of Free Spins, each corresponding to one of the 3 different types of Scatter symbols: The Barbarian Free Spins, the blue Scatter symbol, awarding a minimum of 9 Free Spins. The Priestess Free Spins, the green Scatter symbol, awarding 7 Free Spins. The Samurai Free Spins, the red Scatter symbol, awarding 5 Free Spins. Each Free Spin game uses its own set of reels which contains only the same type of Scatter symbol as the one that activated the Free Spins round. Scatter symbols appearing during Free Spins will not trigger any Re-Spins, and their behavior differs depending on the Free Spins game that has been activated. During Free Spins, additional Scatter symbols appearing on the reels will activate a feature depending on the Free Spins Game. In the Barbarian Free Spins, only warrior and animal symbols are present and a new Scatter symbol appearing on the reels adds 3 extra Free Spins. In the Priestess Free Spins, additional Scatter symbols increase a multiplier x1 for each Scatter. In the Samurai Free Spins, the Scatter symbol becomes a Sticky Wild for the duration of the Free Spins. Free Spin and Random Wild wins are added to any bet line wins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, features won from any additional Scatter symbols are activated immediately, and before calculating winnings for that spin. If multiple Scatter symbols appear at the same time then the feature occurs once for each new Scatter symbol. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Re-Spins are won . Stops Autoplay if Re-Spins is won. If Barbarian Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Barbarian Free Spins is won. If Priestess Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Priestess Free Spins is won. If Samurai Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Samurai Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.89% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked symbol Stacked symbol Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Re-Spin Re-Spin Multiplier Multiplier Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Random Wild Random Wild Random Overlay Wild Random Overlay Wild Final Chance Final Chance Battle Battle Barbarian Free Spins Barbarian Free Spins Priestess Free Spins Priestess Free Spins Samurai Free Spins Samurai Free Spins Hammer Hammer Arrow Arrow Sword Sword Last modification date: 12/28/2021