Aliens™ Game Rules Aliens™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 15-line video slot featuring 3 different levels, Wild substitutions, Multipliers and re-spins. The game is played with 15 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during Level 3: The Hive. Multipliers apply to winning bet lines in the main game and in Level 2: The Encounter. Wild Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols can appear on reels 2-5 in Level 1: The Search and randomly anywhere on the reels in Level 2: The Encounter only, excluding the overlay Ammo Clip reel. In Level 1: The Search and in Level 2: The Encounter, Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Level 1: The Search In the main game, Level 1: The Search, there is an Alien Activity Meter with a total of 9 steps. All symbols included in a winning bet line, except for Wild symbols, are added to the Alien Activity Meter and increase the multiplier by 1. The symbols are represented in the Alien Activity Meter by the icon displayed on the bottom left hand corner of the symbol. If 2 or more different symbols in the same spin are included in a winning bet line, the symbols are added to the Alien Activity Meter in order from the lowest to the highest symbol level. The Alien Activity Meter increases by the number of steps corresponding to the amount of collected symbols in a winning bet line. The current multiplier amount for each symbol is displayed above the Alien Activity Meter and on the symbol on the reels. On the next spin, any additional wins on the same symbol further increase the multiplier. This multiplier is applied to the next spin. If an individual symbol is included in a winning combination on more than one winning bet line, the symbol is added to the Alien Activity Meter once only. Collected symbols are added to the Alien Activity Meter from leftmost to rightmost. If there are no winning bet lines in a spin, the Alien Activity Meter decreases by 1 level, removing the 1st symbol added from the leftmost position. The multiplier on that symbol also decreases by 1. When the Alien Activity Meter reaches step 9, Level 2: The Encounter is activated. Multipliers collected in Level 1: The Search will be transferred into Level 2: The Encounter. If the current bet level or coin value is raised, the Alien Activity Meter will be reset to 0 and multipliers will be reset and no longer apply. Level 2: The Encounter Level 2: The Encounter is activated when the Alien Activity Meter is completed in Level 1: The Search. Fight through the corridor to reach the Queen Hive! The Encounter level features a pulse rifle, an Ammo Clip reel containing Ammo symbols, an Ammo Clip Counter and an Alien Activity Meter with a total of 10 steps to complete to reach Level 3: The Hive. At the start of the Encounter level, all collected multipliers from Level 1: The Search, on all symbols, from x2 to x14 are transferred to the Encounter level, and apply to wins on the symbols shown only. The multiplier amount for the symbol is displayed above the Alien Activity Meter. The symbols are represented in the Alien Activity Meter by the icon displayed on the bottom left hand corner of the symbol. On the 1st spin, 3 of the lowest value symbols appear as an overlay in the centre position of reels 1, 2 and 3 only, activating a bet line win. The Ammo Clip reel appears, and the Ammo Clip Counter is loaded with 1 Ammo Clip. On subsequent spins,any Ammo symbols appearing randomly in the centre position of the reel increase the Ammo Clip Counter by up to +2, activating re-spins. The Ammo Clip Counter displays the amount of Ammo Clips available. The Ammo Clip Counter decreases by 1 following every spin, after shooting to defend against the Aliens. As long as Ammo Clips remain available, in subsequent spins 3 new symbols will continue to appear in the centre position of reels 1, 2 and 3, progressing from the lowest to the highest symbol level. The Alien Activity Meter displays all symbols: as new symbols are won, the slider moves along one step from leftmost to rightmost. If the Ammo Clip Counter is empty at the start of the spin and no new Ammo symbols are won, the player's marine is killed, the re-spins end, and the game returns to Level 1: The Search. Re-spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the re-spin. The total win field includes any wins from the initial spin added to any wins from the re-spin. If Level 2: The Encounter is not completed, the game returns to Level 1: The Search with an empty Alien Activity meter. Level 3: The Hive Level 3: The Hive is activated when the Alien Activity Meter is completed in Level 2: The Encounter, and you survive to shoot the Alien. Destroy the Hive before the Ammo runs out! The Hive level features a Smartgun, a Hive Health Meter, an Ammo Clip Counter and 2 reels, 1 grenade multiplier reel and 1 grenade strength reel loaded with grenades. At the start of the Hive level, the Ammo Clip Counter is loaded with 4 Ammo Clips, awarding 5 re-spins. The Hive Health Meter is full at the start of the Hive level. The reels spin horizontally from leftmost to rightmost. The grenade strength reel stops first followed by the multiplier reel. A grenade is thrown at the Queen, then the Smartgun is fired to defend the Marine, using 1 Ammo Clip. The reels continue to spin as long as there are Ammo Clips available, as displayed on the Ammo Clip Counter. When the Ammo Clip Counter reaches 0, the Hive level ends and the game returns to Level 1: The Search with an empty Alien Activity meter. Damage is caused randomly to the Hive by the grenade's strength combined with the multiplier for each spin. The strength of the grenade can vary and is randomly generated on the reel. Multipliers appearing randomly in the centre position of the multiplier reel, multiply the damage amount by x1-x10. The Hive Health Meter decreases from rightmost to leftmost according to the level of damage shown on the grenade strength reel combined with the multiplier on the multiplier reel. The Hive Health Meter has 4 steps which display the level of damage inflicted on the Queen. When the Hive level ends, a coin win amount corresponding to the number of steps completed is awarded according to the PAYTABLE. When the Hive Health Meter reaches 0, the Queen is killed and the Hive is successfully destroyed, the Hive level ends and a coin win of 240 x current bet is awarded. The total win field includes any wins from the initial spin added to any wins from the re-spin. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or re-spin, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Autoplay Autoplay Paytable Paytable The Search The Search The Encounter The Encounter The Hive The Hive Alien Alien Last modification date: 1/31/2017