Fruit Shop™ Game Rules Fruit Shop™ is a highly energetic video slot with 5-reels and 15-bet lines. Classic features include Wild substitutions with a x2 multiplier and a Free Spins multiplier of x2. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). MAX BET plays the game at 15 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. In both the main game and during the Free Spins, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Bet line wins with Wilds are x2. Only one Wild multiplier is applied per bet line win. Only the highest win per active bet line is selected to be paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.15 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 300. Free Spins Bet line wins with matching fruit symbols award Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins any winning combinations with matching symbols award extra Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins end when there are no remaining Free Spins and no new wins are generated. Bet line wins in Free Spins pay x2. In Free Spins, bet line wins with Wilds pay Wild multiplier x Free Spins multiplier. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7 % Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Multiplier Multiplier Wild Wild Last modification date: 2/1/2017