Rome The Golden Age ROME: THE GOLDEN AGE™ Rome: The Golden Age™ is a 5-reel video slot featuring Wild substitutions, progressive Free Spins Multiplier, and Free Spins. The 5 reels are arranged in a diamond shape with the height of 3, 4, 5, 4, and 3 symbols from left to right. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing in coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin/cash wins, except for Free Spins wins, pay on bet lines only. The Golden Age symbol, Rome symbol, Frames, and Wild symbol When The Golden Age symbol lands on the reels, its position is marked with a Frame. The Golden Age symbol can randomly turn into a Rome symbol. In this case, its Frame turns into an Active Frame. At the end of the next spin, the position with the Active Frame turns into the Wild symbol. All adjacent positions with Frames turn into Wild symbols too, as well as the positions next to them, and so on up to 5 times. Frames and Active Frames remain in the same positions and do not disappear from the reels until they turn into Wild symbols or Free Spins start. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbol, The Golden Age symbol, and Rome symbol. Wild symbol substitution pays the longest possible winning combination on a bet line. Free Spins Multiplier When The Golden Age symbol lands on the reels in the main game, points are added to the progress bar of the Free Spins Multiplier collect meter. Every time The Golden Age symbol lands on a position without a Frame or an Active Frame, 1 point is added to the progress bar. Every time The Golden Age symbol lands on a position with a Frame or an Active Frame, a random number of points ranging from 1 to 4 is added to the progress bar. Each time the progress bar reaches 200 points, the Free Spins Multiplier is upgraded progressively in the following order: x1, x2, x3, x5, x7, x10, x12, x15, x20, x30, x40, x50, x75, x100, x200, x300, x500, x750, x1000. After each upgrade, the progress bar is reset back to 0. If the number of points exceeds 200, the Free Spins Multiplier is upgraded, and the difference in points is added after the progress bar is reset to 0. The Free Spins Multiplier can be upgraded during the main game and is applied only at the end of Free Spins. When Free Spins end, the Free Spins Multiplier is reset to x1 but the progress bar keeps the same amount of points that it had during the game round that activated Free Spins. If the Free Spins Multiplier reaches x1000 during the main game, the progress bar remains full and no more points are added to it until Free Spins are activated. In this case, when Free Spins end, the Free Spins Multiplier is reset to x1, and the progress bar is reset to 0. The Free Spins Multiplier, the progress bar, and the positions of the Frames, Rome symbols, and Active Frames are linked to the bet and saved with it. Each bet is saved separately. Whenever you change your bet to a bet you already played at, the Free Spins Multiplier, the progress bar, and the positions of the Frames, Rome symbols, and Active Frames are restored together with the bet. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game activate Free Spins. Before the first Free Spin, all positions with Frames and Active Frames that did not turn into Wild symbols during the game round that activated Free Spins become locked, stick to the reels, and award a random prize ranging from 0.5 to 50 times the bet at the end of Free Spins. All positions that turned into Wild symbols during the game round that activated Free Spins do not become locked. During Free Spins, every position on the reels spins individually. The locked positions do not spin. Only Rome symbols can land on the reels in Free Spins. During Free Spins, a Rome symbol landing on any unlocked position on the reels awards a random prize ranging from 0.5 to 50 times the bet. The starting number of Free Spins is 3. Every time a Rome symbol lands on an unlocked position during Free Spins, the number of the remaining Free Spins is reset back to 3 and that position becomes locked. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Free Spin counter reaches 0 or when all positions become locked. At the end of Free Spins, all wins from Free Spins are multiplied by the Free Spins Multiplier collected in the main game. If all the positions are locked, an extra x2 Multiplier is awarded on all random prizes on Rome symbols. In this case, the values of the Free Spins Multiplier and extra x2 Multiplier are multiplied. For example: if the value of the Free Spins Multiplier is x10, the value of the final Multiplier is x20. When Free Spins end, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. All Frames and Rome symbols disappear from the reels. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Multiplier The Golden Age The Golden Age Rome Rome Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Epic Win Epic Win Last modification date: 6/15/2021