Butterfly Staxx 2 Butterfly Staxx 2™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, and 40- bet line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Re-Spins, and Scatter wins with a choice between Butterfly Spins and Butterfly Frenzy. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (25 coins per level), and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Butterfly Frenzy is a pick and click Bonus game. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game give a choice to select either Butterfly Spins or the Butterfly Frenzy. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Butterfly Frenzy. Butterfly Spins, Re-Spins, and Butterfly Frenzy cannot be activated simultaneously. During Re-Spins, the player can unlock 2 additional play areas. There are 3 active play areas during Butterfly Spins. During Butterfly Spins and Re-Spins, the play areas are played with the same bet and layout as the round that activated Re-Spins and Butterfly Spins. The reels in each play area spin independently and simultaneously. Autoplay Stops if 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1,3, and 5. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Symbo Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Re-Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Re-Spins The Re-Spins are activated during the main game, when a stack of 4 Butterfly symbols land covering the entire reel. Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the Re-Spins. Before the Re-Spins start, all Butterfly symbols fly to the leftmost position on the same row not already occupied by a Butterfly symbol and remain on the reels until the end of the Re-Spins. During the Re-Spins, if 2 leftmost reels are fully covered with Butterfly symbols, a second play area gets unlocked. If the leftmost 3 reels of a first play area or leftmost 2 reels of the second play area are fully covered with Butterfly symbols, the third play area is unlocked. The reels in each play area spin independently and simultaneously. These additional play areas start with the first reel fully covered with Butterfly symbols. During the Re-Spins, new Butterfly symbols landing on any of the play areas award an additional Re-Spin on all unlocked areas. When no new Butterfly symbols land on any of the unlocked play areas, Re-Spins end. At the end of Re-Spins, win from Re-Spins are added to any wins from the round that activated Re-Spins. Before the Re-Spins start, any bet line wins from the spin that activated Re-Spins are paid. The additional play areas disappear once the new round starts. Butterfly Spins The choice to play Butterfly Spins is awarded when 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game. If the player chooses to play Butterfly Spins, 5 Butterfly Spins are activated. During Butterfly Spins, only Cocoon symbols can land on the reels. Cocoon symbols can be dormant or active. Active Cocoon symbols landing visible on the reels turn into Butterfly symbols. All Butterfly symbols fly to the leftmost position on the same row not already occupied by a Butterfly symbol, all bet line wins are added to the total win, and the Butterfly symbols remain on the reels until the end of the Butterfly Spins. Additional Butterfly Spins cannot be won during Butterfly Spins. Butterfly Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Butterfly Spins. At the end of Butterfly Spins, any wins from Butterfly Spins are added to any wins from the round that activated Butterfly Spins. At the end of Butterfly Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Butterfly Spins. Butterfly Frenzy The choice to play Butterfly Frenzy is awarded when 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game. If a player chooses to play Butterfly Frenzy, the pick and click game is activated. Butterfly Frenzy is a pick and click Bonus game consisting of stages up to level 5. The game starts with 10 picks. In Butterfly Frenzy, the player picks Butterfly symbols that award coin wins to increase the total winning amount. Each stage awards 10 picks to the player. These picks (+10) are added to the remaining picks from the previous stage. Butterfly Frenzy stage 1 starts with 10 picks and the next stage will continue with the remaining picks from Stage 1 and the additional 10 picks. The minimum and maximum win in coins range between x0.4 to x5 times the bet for each pick depending on the stage level. During Butterfly Frenzy, the player may pick special Butterfly symbols that award a stage upgrade and no coin win. This stage upgrade is a free pick and does not get deducted from the number of picks remaining for that game round. The player can select Auto Pick to play pick and click Bonus game automatically. Once Auto Pick starts, the player cannot stop Auto Pick manually. The Auto Pick stops when the Butterfly Frenzy mode ends. The Butterfly Frenzy ends when there are no picks left. At the end of Butterfly Frenzy, the game returns to the round that activated the Butterfly Frenzy. At the end of Butterfly Frenzy, any wins from Butterfly Frenzy are added to any wins from the round that activated Butterfly Frenzy. If the player restores the game during Butterfly Frenzy, the game continues from the next stage of where the player left off. In case of the last stage, game is restored to the Outro screen. If the game reloads due to internet connection or server restart, the game continues from where the player left off. Once the Butterfly Frenzy game is completed, the player returns to main game and the game screen displays a no win scenario. Game Functions Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.35% Last modification date: 12/28/2021