Stickers Stickers™ Game Rules Stickers™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild and Sticky Wild substitutions and Sticky Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Sticky Spins When a Wild symbol appears on the reels, it acts as a Sticky Wild and awards one Sticky Spin. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . When a Sticky Wild symbol appears on the reels, a Sticky Spin is awarded. Sticky Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels during the main game and Sticky Spins. All Sticky Wild symbols on the reels from the initial spin remain in position on the reels during the Sticky Spin. Multiple Sticky Wild symbols appearing on the reels award one Sticky Spin. Sticky Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Sticky Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Additional Sticky Spins can be activated during the Sticky Spin. More Sticky Spins are awarded, if more Sticky Wilds appear on the reels during the Sticky Spin. Sticky Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Sticky Spins. Sticky Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.69% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Spin Sticky Spin Last modification date: 2/9/2017