Jack Hammer 2™ Jack Hammer™ 2: Fishy Business Game Rules Jack Hammer™ 2: Fishy Business is a 99-line, 3 row, 5 column video slot using 15 independent reels. The game features Sticky Wins™, Free Spins and Wild substitutions. You can play 99 fixed bet lines at 1-10 bet levels. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and coin value. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. The default bet is 50 coins. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Free Spin symbol. In the main game, Wild symbols appear on reels in columns 2, 3, 4 and 5. In Free Spins, Wild symbols appear on reels in columns 2, 3, and 4. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Sticky Win™ Feature In main game and Free Spins, a winning bet line, or 3 or more Free Spin symbols triggers the Sticky Win™ feature. The reels with winning symbols are held and all other reels re-spin for a chance of bigger wins. The reels keep re-spinning as long as there are new wins. When there are no new wins and Sticky Win™ ends, all active wins are paid. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. In the main game and Free Spins, 5 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Bet line wins in Free Spins pay x2. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. The number of additional Free Spins won are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. In Free Spins, Random Wild symbols appear only on columns 2,3, and 4 and substitutes for all symbols except the regular Wild symbol and Free Spin symbols. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro . Turn the intro film on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.1% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Sticky Win Sticky Win Free Spins Free Spins Wild Wild Random Wild Random Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021