Wings of Riches Wings of Riches™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot. The game features spreading Wild substitution and Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Note: Some features may not be available in Playing for Fun mode. Wild In the main game, Wild symbol can initially appear on reels 2, 3, and 4, but can spread to reels 1 and 5. Wild symbols spread across the reels, turning 2 to 4 nearby symbols into yet more Wild symbols, for a chance at massive wins! In main game, spread Wild symbol can be overlapped by other spread Wild symbols. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. All wins are paid after the Wild symbols have stopped spreading over the reels. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbol cannot overlap Scatter and Multiplier symbol. FREE SPINS 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin bet line wins pay x1 – x5 multiplier. Free Spins uses a different set of reels with the following changes: The Multiplier symbol randomly appears on reel 5. Each time the Multiplier symbol appears it increases the win multiplier by one, up to maximum x5. The Multiplier symbol is removed from reel 5 when the x5 multiplier is reached. The remaining Free Spins have line wins multiplied x5. In Free Spins, Wild symbol is randomly placed on the reels before every spin. Wild symbol can be initially placed on reel 2, 3 or 4, but can spread to reels 1 and 5. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, except Scatter and Multiplier symbols. Wild symbol changes 2 to 4 nearby symbols into Wild symbols, for a chance at bigger wins! In Free Spins, 2 or 3 Scatter symbols appearing randomly on the reels 2, 4 or 5, activate extra Free Spins. 2 Scatter symbols = 5 extra Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols = 10 extra Free Spins The number of extra Free Spins is not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Extra Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to access the game settings and game information. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to select the number of Autoplay rounds. If Autoplay rounds have been selected, the remaining number of rounds is display on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to open the game rules. Click to view your latest game history. Game History (not available when Playing for Fun) Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value: regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the cogwheel icon in the menu. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash . Click to show bet in cash instead of coins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. Stop if Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.63% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded.