Steam Tower™ Contents Game Overview Wild Stacked Wild Free Spins Game Functions Game Setting Options Advanced Autoplay Options Return to Player Additional Information Translations of Game Terminology Game Overview Steam Tower™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 15-bet line video slot, featuring Stacked Wilds and Free Spins with increasing Multiplier. The game is played on 15 bet lines (fixed), 1 - 10 bet levels, and different coin values. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the game when the reels are not spinning to view a mini paytable for that symbol. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins, except for the top floor bonus, pay on bet lines only. Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Stacked Wild One or more Stacked Wilds covering the whole reel in the main game only, activate 10 Free Spins and the game ascends to the first floor. Free Spins One or more Wilds appearing anywhere on the reels during Free Spins, increase the Free Spins by 2 and the game ascends to the next floor, until it reaches floor 16, the top floor. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same number of bet lines, bet level, and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, all bet line wins are multiplied by the Multiplier. The Multiplier is updated before each Free Spin and is dependent on the floor level according to the following table: Floor Multiplier 1-3 x2 4-6 x3 7-9 x4 10-12 x5 13-15 x6 16 x7 The Tower Meter shows the current multiplier, and your position in the tower. The Floor Meter displays which floor you are on. The Multiplier Meter displays the current multiplier. When the game reaches the top floor (floor 16), the player is also rewarded with a bonus win of 1000 coins multiplied by the bet level. One or more Wilds appearing anywhere on the reels on the top floor, increase the Free Spins by 2. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the ground floor in the main game and the Multiplier is reset. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Last modification date: 2/23/2022