Witchcraft Academy Witchcraft Academy™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Elements Bonus and Free Spins with Free Spins Features. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession starting anywhere on the bet line. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Elements Bonus. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter and Bonus Spin symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Elements Bonus 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate the Elements Bonus. The Elements Bonus is a 5-column, 4-row Bonus Game with Coin Win symbols, Armour Guard symbols, and Scatter symbols representing Free Spins Features: x2 Multiplier, +5 Free Spins, Overlay Wild Reel 1 and Overlay Wild Reel 5. Choose Efora the witch or Earthan the wizard to cast an Element Shot at a random column. The number of Element Shots awarded is equal to the number of Scatter symbols that activated the Elements Bonus. An Element Shot will be randomly made with 1 to 4 Elements. Efora's Element is Owl, and Earthan's Element is Dragon. Each Element will hit and clear the closest symbol in the column. When an Element Shot hits a Coin Win symbol, a random coin win of between 10 and 200 times the bet level is awarded. When an Element Shot hits an Armour Guard symbol, the Armour Guard explodes hitting all symbols adjacent to it horizontally or vertically. The maximum win in coins in the Elements Bonus is 20000. When an Element Shot hits a Scatter symbol, the Free Spins Feature the symbol represents is unlocked. Each Free Spins Feature can only be unlocked once. In the Elements Bonus, Scatter symbols appear on row 4 only and represent the Free Spins Features in the following order, from leftmost to right: Overlay Wild Reel 1, +5 Free Spins, x2 Multiplier, +5 Free Spins, Overlay Wild Reel 5. If 3 or more Scatter symbols are hit during the Elements Bonus, Free Spins are activated with the unlocked Free Spins Features. If all symbols in the Elements Bonus are cleared, while Element Shots remain, the Elements Bonus will end and Free Spins are activated with the unlocked Free Spins Features. Unless Free Spins are activated, at the end of the Elements Bonus the game returns to the round that activated the Elements Bonus. At the end of the Elements Bonus, the total win from the Elements Bonus is added to any wins from the round that activated the Elements Bonus. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols collected in the Elements Bonus activate 5 Free Spins with the unlocked Free Spins Features. 2 or more Bonus Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Free Spins award additional Free Spins: 2 Bonus Spin symbols = 5 Free Spins 3 Bonus Spin symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Bonus Spin symbols = 15 Free Spins 5 Bonus Spin symbols = 20 Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated the Elements Bonus. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated the Elements Bonus. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Elements Bonus is won . Stops Autoplay when Elements Bonus is won. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Select Earthan, the Wizard. Automatically chooses Earthan if Elements Bonus is won. Select Efora, the Witch. Automatically chooses Efora if Elements Bonus is won. Select randomly. Automatically chooses a random character if Elements Bonus is won. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.38%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Elements Bonus Elements Bonus Bonus Game Bonus Game Element Shot (Shot) Element Shot (Shot) Element Element Coin Win Coin Win Armour Guard Armour Guard Free Spins Free Spins Free Spins Feature Free Spins Feature Multiplier Multiplier Overlay Wild Reel Overlay Wild Reel Bonus Spin Bonus Spin Last modification date: 12/28/2021