Spellcast Spellcast Game Rules Spellcast is a 5-reel, 20-line, multiple coin video slot featuring Wild and Scatter symbols and Free Spins. You can play 1 to 4 coins on 20-fixed bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. The minimum bet is 1 coin on 20 - fixed bet lines. The maximum bet is 4 coins on all 20 bet lines for a total of 80 coins based on the current coin value. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. A Wizard is a Wild symbol that can substitute for all regular symbols, except Scatter symbols, appearing on an active bet line. Wins with Wild symbols are doubled, excluding wins with only Wild symbols. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the Paytable. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate 15 Free Spins. Bet line wins are tripled in Free Spins (excludes the number of additional Free Spins won). All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Scatter wins are added to any bet line wins. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right, except Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and the same number of lines as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins activates 15 additional Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.98% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term All Wins All Wins Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Wizard Wizard Game rules generated: 2017-09-28 13:40:55 (UTC) Last modification date: 12/28/2021