Drive: Multiplier Mayhem Game Rules Drive: Multiplier Mayhem™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 15-line (fixed) video slot with Free Spins, Wild substitutions, and Nitro symbols. The game is played with 15 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Multiplier Wilds The Multiplier Wilds are Wild symbols. Multiplier Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1-5 and substitute for all symbols, except Scatter symbols and Nitro symbols. The Multiplier Wilds have the same multiplier as the reel (1-5) they have landed on. Any bet line win with Multiplier Wild symbols multiplies the bet line win by 1-5 respectively. If 2 or more Multiplier Wild symbols appear on the winning bet line, then the corresponding multipliers are multiplied. For example, a winning bet line with Multiplier Wild symbols on reels 2 (x2) and 4 (x4) multiply to give a x8 multiplier. Free Spins In the main game only, 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate 10 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. In Free Spins only, 3 Nitro symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4, award additional Free Spins and overlay Multiplier Wilds. The number of Free Spins awarded is according to the Paytable. The overlay Multiplier Wild symbols randomly appear anywhere on reels and act as a Multiplier Wild symbol. Only one overlay Multiplier Wild symbol can appear on a reel. Nitro Collect Meter Collected Nitro symbols are stacked in the Nitro Collect Meter from bottom to top. If a Nitro symbol appears above an overlay Multiplier Wild, it is counted as both a Nitro symbol and a Multiplier Wild symbol. The Free Spins start with the player racing against Twitch, the first opponent. After collecting 3 Nitro symbols, the game moves to the next level. The player wins a random overlay Multiplier Wild and the next racing opponent appears. Each new Free Spins round starts with an empty Nitro Collect Meter. If a player collects 2 Nitro symbols in one spin, and 3 Nitro symbols in the next spin, the 2 Nitro symbols remaining are carried forward and are accounted for in the next level. When reaching a new level, additional Free Spins are awarded along with another random overlay Multiplier Wild. Free Spins are awarded according to the table below: Level 1 2 3 4 Free Spins 10 +4 +3 +2 Overlay Multiplier Wild 0 1 2 3 Racing Opponent Twitch Hamaki Bruiser Bruiser Nitro symbols do not appear during level 4 in Free Spins. After collecting the final 3 Nitro symbols when racing against Bruiser, the last opponent, the player races until the end of Free Spins. After collecting 9 Nitro symbols, all the subsequent collected Nitro symbols are discarded. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.70% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Multiplier Multiplier Multiplier Wilds Multiplier Wilds Nitro Collect Meter Nitro Collect Meter Nitro Nitro Last modification date: 12/28/2021