Baccarat Baccarat is a Baccarat card game played between the Player and the casino (Banker). The game is played with 8 decks of 52 cards (excluding Jokers), which are shuffled together before each round. The aim of the game is to predict which hand will be the highest among the Player and the Banker. You can also predict a tie. The MIN/MAX sign indicates the minimum and maximum bet that can be placed in any betting area. Payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE in the game. For more information, refer to the Payout Schedule section below. Payout Schedule section below. --> To view the PAYTABLE , move the pointer over the MIN/MAX sign. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Playing Help To place a bet, select a chip and click one of the betting areas labelled as: TIE , BANKER or PLAYER on the table. If there are active arrows to the left and right of the chips, click these to see additional chip values. Every click in a bet area adds one chip of the selected value to the bet. To start a hand, click DEAL . To remove a bet, select the delete chip and then click in the bet area. To place a new bet in the game, click NEW BET . To place the same bet as the previous round and play, click REBET . To display the Baccarat history, open Game settings , and then select the Baccarat history box. To minimize the Baccarat history, move the pointer over Baccarat history and then click the close [X] button. To double the value of the previous bet placed in a game round, click the REBET X2 button. Play of Hand The Player and the Banker are dealt either two or three cards. Third card is dealt based on the third card rules. For more information, refer to the Third Card Rules section below. The game compares the hand values of the Player and the Banker. For more information, refer to the Scoring section below. The hand with a value closest to 9 wins. Hands of equal value are a tie, and neither hand wins. Scoring The value of the hand is determined by adding the values of the cards in the hand. The number cards 2-9 count as face value, aces count as 1, and kings, queens, jacks, and 10's count as 0. If the hand value is 10 or above, 10 is subtracted from it and the remaining value is considered as the hand value (for example, 13 becomes 3). Third Card Rules If the Player or the Banker has a hand value of 8 or 9, it is known as "natural", and both hands stand. This rule overrides all the other rules. If neither the Player nor the Banker has a hand value of 8 or 9, the play proceeds as following: Player Rules If the Player has a hand value of 0-5, a third card is dealt to the Player. If the Player has a hand value of 6 or 7 the hand stands. Banker Rules If the Player stands, the Banker draws a third card if the hand has 0-5. If the Player draws a third card, the value of the card drawn by the Player and the value of the Banker's hand determines if the Banker gets a third card. For more information, refer to the table below: Banker's score Player's third card 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 Stand Banker gets third card Payout Schedule If the Player wins the hand, the bets placed on PLAYER pay double the amount of original bet value (2 for 1). If the Banker wins the hand, the bets placed on BANKER pay double the amount of original bet value (2 for 1). The casino deducts a commission of 5% from all Banker wins. The win will be rounded down if necessary. The win is 1.95 times the bet, which is rounded down to 2 decimal places (the game rounds down to the closest cent). If there is a tie, the bets placed on TIE pay 9 for 1, whereas the bets placed on PLAYER or BANKER are returned (push). TIE pay 9 for 1, whereas the bets placed on PLAYER or BANKER are returned (push). --> Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round. Click to place a new bet. Click to repeat the same bet as the previous game round. Click the REBET X2 button to double the previous bet placed in the previous game round. Click to clear all bets from the table. Click to open the Game Settings menu and configure various game options. The menu contains options for: Audio Sound effects Background music Baccarat history Fast play Game history Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Audio . Turns on or off all sounds. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Background music . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Baccarat history . Shows or hides the history of hand values of the Player and the Banker in each game round. Click the cross (X) button to close the history. Fast play . Turns on or off fast play. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is: BANKER: 98.94% PLAYER: 98.76% TIE: 85.64% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term PLAYER PLAYER BANKER BANKER TIE TIE PAYS 9 FOR 1 PAYS 9 FOR 1 Push Push MIN MIN MAX Max Paytable Paytable Game rules generated: 2018-10-18 10:08:34 (UTC) Last modification date: 12/31/2021