Space Wars Game Rules Space Wars™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, stacked symbols and a free re-spin. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Wild In the main game and in the re-spin, Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2 and 4, and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Re-Spin Initial bet line wins activate one free re-spin. Re-spins are played on a different set of reels than the initial spin. When re-spin is triggered, the winning symbol included in the bet line win appears in the Cloning Pod. The symbol is cloned and the cloned symbols are then added onto the re-spin reels. In the re-spin the cloned symbol is shown stacked on the reels. Re-spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the re-spin. Re-spin wins are added to any initial bet line wins. The total win field includes any wins from the initial spin added to any wins from the re-spin. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to view the Paytable. Click to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations. Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound. Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects. Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality. Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history. Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or re-spin, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Cloning Pod Cloning Pod Last modification date: 12/28/2021