Magic Maid Cafe Magic Maid Cafe™ is a video slot with no reel spin: This 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line game introduces the Avalanche™ feature, and has Free Falls wins and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 20 fixed bet lines, 1-5 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitutes for all symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Free Fall symbols. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. When the maximum multiplier is reached, all wins are paid with the maximum multiplier until no new wins are generated. The multiplier will revert to the initial multiplier. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche™ of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches™ continue until there are no more wins. The win multiplier is increased with each new Avalanche until it reaches the maximum multiplier. The multiplier remains at the maximum for the subsequent Avalanches until there are no more wins. Maximum multiplier is 5 in the basic game and 15 in Free Fall. See in-game paytable for details. Free Falls Free Fall symbols only appear on reels 1, 2 and 3. Each bet line containing 3 Free Fall symbols activate 10 Free Falls. Free Fall symbols must appear in succession, starting from the leftmost reel. Free Falls use the same bet as the round activating Free Fall. A winning bet line during Free Fall will trigger an Avalanche. Maximum multiplier in Free Fall is 15. Additional Free Falls can be won during Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the game returns to the round that activated Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the total win from Free Falls is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Falls. In Free Falls, 3 Free Fall symbols activate 10 additional Free Falls. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Falls is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Falls is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Falls, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.97%. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Multiplier Multiplier Free Falls Free Falls Avalanche Avalanche Last modification date: 9/28/2020