Hotline Hotline™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 30 line (fixed) video slot featuring Wild and Expanding Wild symbols, Re-Spins, Free Spins and Hotline Bonus Bet. The game is played with 30 bet lines (fixed), 1 - 10 bet levels, and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per 2 bet lines. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Hotline Bonus Bet Hotline Bonus Bet is a bonus bet feature that increases the chance to win Expanding Wilds and Re-Spins for a higher bet. Every row is a Hotline. Every Hotline can be activated or deactivated. One Hotline is always activated. When one Hotline is activated, the game is played with Base Bet (15 coins per bet level). If two Hotlines are activated, the game is played with Double Bet (30 coins per bet level). If three Hotlines are activated, the game is played with Triple Bet (45 coins per bet level). The more Hotlines are activated, the higher is the chance for Expanding Wilds and the possibility to win Re-Spins. Wild and Expanding Wild Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game, Re-Spins and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. If a Wild symbol lands on an activated Hotline, it expands to cover the entire reel. Wild and Expanding Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Re-Spins In the main game and Re-Spins, if a Wild symbol lands on an activated Hotline, it expands to cover the entire reel and awards a Re-Spin after all wins have been evaluated. The Expanding Wild remains on the reels until the end of the Re-Spins. Re-Spins end if no new Wild symbols land on an activated Hotline. Re-Spins are played at the same bet level, coin value, and the same activated Hotlines as the spin that activated the Re-Spins. Any Re-Spins wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. If Free Spins and Re-Spins are won simultaneously, Free Spins are activated first. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game activate 7 Free Spins. In Free Spins, if a Wild symbol lands on an activated Hotline, it expands to cover the entire reel and remains on the reels until the end of the Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level, coin value, and the same activated Hotlines as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. If Free Spins and Re-Spins are won simultaneously, Free Spins are activated first. Free Spins cannot be activated during the Re-Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to activate/deactivate Hotlines. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Tutorial . Turns the tutorial on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.13% / 96.70% / 97.04% (Base Bet / Double Bet / Triple Bet). The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Scatter Scatter Re-Spins Re-Spins Free Spins Free Spins Hotline Hotline Hotline Bonus Bet Hotline Bonus Bet Bonus Bet Bonus Bet Last modification date: 9/28/2021