Crime Scene CRIME SCENE™ Game Rules Crime Scene™ is a case cracking 5-reel, 15 fixed bet line video slot. Featuring an all new Sticky Wild with a x3 multiplier and a high tech bonus game! Play 15 bet lines at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current coin value and bet level (alternatively, press the spacebar). MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. Sticky Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Only one Sticky Wild multiplier is applied per bet line win, excluding the number of spins specified on the symbol. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Wins on selected bet lines pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Sticky Wild symbols when appearing in succession from leftmost to right on an active bet line pay the highest possible winning combination according to the PAYTABLE . Sticky Wild Wins with Sticky Wilds pay x3. Sticky Wilds appearing on the reels, stick to the reels for up to 5 spins. The Sticky Wild remains on the reels according to the number displayed on the Sticky Wild symbol. If you logout while the Sticky Wild is on the reels then when you next play the game the Sticky Wild will be in the same position until the number of spins has been completed. If the current bet level or coin value is changed the Sticky Wild symbol will no longer apply to the following round. More than one Sticky Wild symbol appearing on the reels simultaneously act as a single Sticky Wild. The number of spins are not added together. Bonus Game 3 or more successive Bonus symbols on an active bet line from leftmost reel to right, activates the Bonus Game. At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. At the end of the Bonus game if the envelope with the multiplier is selected total bonus wins are multiplied by x2. The highest possible coin win in the Bonus Game is 6180. Click folders to find coin wins or action symbols. Action Symbol Function Each evidence symbol gives you a coin win. The total amount of evidence symbol coin wins is added to each subsequent coin win (includes both coin wins + evidence symbol wins). If more are found, the value of all Evidence symbols are combined for a chance at massive wins! Up to 4 can be found in one bonus round. Ends the bonus game. When the bonus game ends, four envelopes appear for a chance to increase bonus game winnings. Click an envelope and win either additional coins, double the bonus game winnings or be returned to the bonus game. If the bonus game is reactivated, the game continues at the same state as when it ended. Cancels one , makes the symbol green and the bonus game continues. One is cancelled. Bonus games can be reactivated only once before being returned to the main game. The more you bet in the main game the higher the wins in the bonus game. The coin wins in the Bonus Game are proportional to the bet level in the round that activated the Bonus Game. Additional coin wins are added to the total bonus game winnings. Only one Bonus Game awarded per spin. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Bonus Game is won. Stops Autoplay if the bonus game is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay if the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the effects played during events on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view game history. Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Bonus Game Bonus Game Game rules generated: 2014-03-25 15:26:26 (UTC) Last modification date: 4/24/2017