Codex of Fortune Codex of Fortune™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-line (fixed) video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Free Spins and Fortune Re-Spins with Fortune Wins and the Save the Keys feature. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set using the LEVEL and COIN VALUE selectors. When playing with cash, the bet value is set using the BET selector. When playing with coins, COINS displays the number of coins available to bet. When playing with cash, BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. MAX BET is only available when playing with coins. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for the wins from the Fortune Wins. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols, Key symbols, and +10 symbols. In Free Spins, Wild symbols are not collected to fill the Fortune Wins meter. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Fortune Wins The Fortune Wins is a bonus win game with 7 levels. Each level has 5 steps with increasing win values. Level 7 Level 6 Level 5 Level 4 Level 3 Level 2 Level 1 Step 5 10000x 5000x 2000x 1000x 400x 200x 150x Step 4 2000x 1000x 500x 300x 150x 100x 50x Step 3 500x 400x 200x 100x 50x 40x 20x Step 2 300x 200x 100x 50x 30x 20x 10x Step 1 100x 75x 50x 30x 20x 10x 5x In the Fortune Wins, the player is awarded a win which may be increased by collecting symbols on the reels. In Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins, the player starts at the lowest step of the Fortune Wins. The player moves up the Fortune Wins by filling the meter with collected symbols. If a Key symbol lands on the reels during the Fortune Re-Spins or Free Spins, the player is awarded a Key that levels up the Fortune Wins. All wins from the Fortune Wins are increased, including the win from the achieved step. At the end of Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins, the achieved win from the Fortune Wins is awarded. A win from the Fortune Wins is equal to the value shown on the Fortune Wins step multiplied by the bet. Fortune Re-Spins 2 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 or 5 in combination with a bet line win in the main game activate the Fortune Re-Spins with Fortune Wins after the wins are evaluated. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in combination with a bet line win in the main game activate both the Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins. Fortune Re-Spins are played first. The winning symbol is the collectable symbol in the Fortune Re-Spins. If there are bet line wins with two or more symbols, the collectable symbol in Fortune Re-Spins is the higher paying winning symbol according to the Paytable. If symbols pay the same, the collectable symbol in Fortune Re-Spins is the higher symbol. In Fortune Re-Spins, bet line wins are not evaluated until the end of the Fortune Re-Spins. In Fortune Re-Spins, only the collectable symbol and the Key symbol appear on the reels. All collectable symbols taking part in the bet line win that activated the Fortune Re-Spins and all collectable symbols landing on the reels during the Fortune Re-Spins remain on the reels until the end of the Fortune Re-Spins. Wild symbols taking part in the winning combination that activated the Fortune Re-Spins do not remain on the reels. In Fortune Re-Spins, all collectable symbols are collected to fill the Fortune Wins meter. Each time the meter is filled up by 5 spaces, the player moves one step up the Fortune Wins. The starting Fortune Wins level in Fortune Re-Spins is 1. A Key symbol landing anywhere on reel 5 awards a Key that levels up the Fortune Wins. All wins from the Fortune Wins are increased, including the win from the achieved step. The Fortune Re-Spins end if during a Fortune Re-Spin no Key symbols or collectable symbols land on the reels, or when 20 collectable symbols are collected. Fortune Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Fortune Re-Spins. At the end of Fortune Re-Spins, the bet line wins are evaluated. The win from the Fortune Re-Spins and the Fortune Wins is added to any wins from the round that activated the Fortune Re-Spins. Save the Keys Feature In the Save the Keys feature, at the end of Fortune Re-Spins, if the player has won any Keys during the Fortune Re-Spins, they are offered a choice to save these Keys. If the player chooses not to save the Keys, they are awarded the achieved win from the Fortune Wins and do not keep any Keys. If the player chooses to save the Keys, the Fortune Wins level is reset to 1, they are awarded a win from the achieved step and keep the Keys won. Saved Keys are stored with the bet value and can be used at the start of Free Spins at any point in the future. Whenever the player changes the bet value, the number of saved Keys is reset. Whenever the player changes the bet value to a bet value they already played at, the saved Keys are restored. Free Spins Scatter symbols can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only in the main game and Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate Free Spins with Fortune Wins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in combination with a bet line win in the main game activate both the Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins. Fortune Re-Spins are played first. If the player has any saved Keys, before the start of Free Spins, they are offered a choice to use the saved Keys to level up the Fortune Wins. If the player decides to use the saved Keys, all of their saved Keys up to a maximum of 3 are used to level up the Fortune Wins. If the player has more than 3 saved Keys, they use 3 Keys and keep the rest. If the player decides not to use the saved Keys, they keep all of their saved Keys. After the player makes a decision whether to use the saved Keys or not, or if the player has no saved Keys, they stop the 3-tier Free Spins Wheel. Alternatively, the Free Spins Wheel stops automatically in 25 seconds (this function might be unavailable in some casinos). When the Free Spins Wheel stops, the position of its tiers defines the number of Free Spins won, the collectable symbol in Free Spins and the number of Keys won. The number of Free Spins activated on the Free Spins Wheel is 7 to 13. The collectable symbol in Free Spins is one of the medium win or the low win symbols. The number of Keys won is 0, 1 or 2. The starting Fortune Wins level in Free Spins is 2, and the Fortune Wins is leveled up per every saved Key used by the player and every Key won from the Free Spins Wheel. In Free Spins, all collectable symbols landing on the reels are collected to fill the Fortune Wins meter. The special +10 collectable symbol landing anywhere on reel 2 fills the meter by 10. Each time the meter is filled up by 20 spaces, the player moves one step up the Fortune Wins. A Key symbol landing anywhere on reel 5 awards a Key that levels up the Fortune Wins. All wins from the Fortune Wins are increased, including the win from the achieved step. During Free Spins, each Scatter symbol landing on reels 1, 3 or 5 awards one additional Free Spin. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins and the Fortune Wins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the number of saved Keys. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash . Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Game History . Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won (not available in all casinos). If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Make a decision automatically . Automatically chooses one of the options when the respective dialog appears (not available in all casinos). at the start of Free Spins always use the Keys . Always uses the saved Keys at the start of Free Spins. at the start of Free Spins never use the Keys . Never uses the saved Keys at the start of Free Spins. at the end of Fortune Re-Spins always save the Keys . Always saves the Keys won during the Fortune Re-Spins. at the end of Fortune Re-Spins always use the Keys . Always uses the Keys won during the Fortune Re-Spins. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 90.2%-98.0%. The optimal strategy is to save the Keys won in Fortune Re-Spins and to use them in Free Spins when the player has 3 or more Keys saved. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Fortune Wins Fortune Wins Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Free Spins Wheel Free Spins Wheel Fortune Re-Spins Fortune Re-Spins Save the Keys Save the Keys Fortune Turns Fortune Turns Fortunes Turned! Fortunes Turned! Bigger Fortune! Bigger Fortune! +1 Spin +1 Spin Stop Stop Game rules generated: Last modification date: 1/11/2022