Funk Master Funk Master™ is an 8-row, 8-reel video slot with the Cluster Pays™ mechanic. The game features Dancing Wild symbols, Multiplier symbols, Dancing Wilds Hotspot, the Avalanche™ feature, and Free Spins with expanding reels. The game is played with clusters of symbols and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. 6 or more of the same symbols in a cluster award a win. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A cluster win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A cluster win starts an Avalanche. All symbols in winning combinations, except for Dancing Wild symbols, explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Dancing Wild Symbol Dancing Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game. In Free Spins, Dancing Wild symbols can only be awarded and appear on the reels when all Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions are unlocked. A Dancing Wild symbol that becomes a part of a winning cluster does not disappear from the reels before an Avalanche. Instead, if possible, it randomly moves to one of the positions that is horizontally, vertically, or diagonally adjacent to its initial position and that became empty after the winning cluster is removed. After the Dancing Wild symbol moves, the Avalanche™ feature is activated. Dancing Wild symbols remain in their positions and do not move down along with other symbols during the Avalanche™ feature. Dancing Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Multiplier symbols. Dancing Wild symbol substitution pay the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. A Dancing Wild symbol can be a part of more than one winning cluster if these winning clusters are horizontally or vertically adjacent. Dancing Wild symbols award a win only in combination with other symbols. Dancing Wilds Hotspot At the start of each spin in the main game, a Dancing Wilds Hotspot is randomly placed on the reels, highlighting a 2x2 square area. At the start of Free Spins, a Dancing Wilds Hotspot is randomly placed on the reels, highlighting a 3x3 square area. The Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions remain locked until they become a part of a winning cluster. In the main game, unlocking all Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions during one game round awards 1 Dancing Wild symbol. All Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions that are not unlocked within one game round, become locked again. In Free Spins, unlocking all Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions awards 2 Dancing Wild symbols and places a new Dancing Wilds Hotspot on the reels. The unlocked Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions do not become locked again after each spin. The awarded Dancing Wild symbols randomly appear on one of the empty Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions. If all Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions are occupied, the awarded Dancing Wild symbols randomly replace one of the regular symbols on the Dancing Wilds Hotspot. If all Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions are already occupied with Dancing Wild symbols, the awarded Dancing Wild symbols randomly appear on one of the empty positions or replace one of the regular symbols closest to the Dancing Wilds Hotspot. In Free Spins, unlocking all Dancing Wilds Hotspot positions expands the reels 1 row up. The maximum possible number of rows is 12. In Free Spins, after the reels are fully expanded to 12 rows, no more Dancing Wilds Hotspots appear until the end of Free Spins. In the main game, the Dancing Wilds Hotspot is removed from the reels before the start of the next spin. In Free Spins, the Dancing Wilds Hotspot is removed from the reels after all of its positions are unlocked. Multiplier Symbols Multiplier symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins. Multiplier symbols are not considered a part of the winning cluster. A Multiplier symbol appearing on the reels in the main game or Free Spins multiplies the total win from the spin by its value: x2, x3, x5, or x10. If two or more Multiplier symbols appear on the reels during the same spin in the main game or Free Spins, the total win from that spin is multiplied by the sum of their values. Free Spins 3 or more Dancing Wild symbols appearing on the reels in the main game award 6 Free Spins. Free Spins start after the Avalanche™ feature is played. The Dancing Wild symbols from the game round that activated Free Spins keep their positions on the reels at the start of Free Spins until they become a part of a winning cluster. The initial size of the play area in Free Spins is 9 rows and 8 reels. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to skip game round animations where possible. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.04%. Last modification date: 9/21/2022