Reel Rush Touch Game Rules Reel Rush™ is a 5-reel video slot featuring Wild substitutions, re-spins and Free Spins with up to 3125 ways to win. The game is played with 45 to 3125 ways to win, 1-10 levels (50 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET starts a game round at the highest bet level and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. A symbol win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level and the amount of times that symbol appears on each of the reels. The total win in currency is equal to the total win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from leftmost reel to the rightmost reel is a winning combination. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More wins are created when additional instances of the same symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest way to win. Simultaneous wins for different symbols are added. All wins pay on ways to win only. For the total symbol win, multiply the number of matching symbols appearing on one reel by the number of matching symbols on each other reel in the longest winning combination. Multiply the result by the coin win amount for the longest winning symbol combination according to the PAYTABLE . The total win for the spin is the sum of symbol wins for each symbol type. Example of a Way to Win payout at level 1 3 matching pineapple symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel awards 10 coins. This is multiplied by 1 (for 1 pineapple symbol on reel 1), then by 1 (for 1 pineapple symbol on reel 2) and then by 3 (for 1 Wild, which substitutes for a pineapple symbol, plus the 2 pineapple symbols on reel 3) giving a total win of 1 x 1 x 3 x 10 = 30 coins. Wild Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Reel Configuration and Ways to Win A winning combination in any spin of the main game activates 1 re-spin, up to a maximum of 5 re-spins. During each re-spin, the amount of ways to win increase by 2 additional symbols that appear on the reels. The following table shows the reel configuration and the amount of ways to win after the initial spin of a main game round, each re-spin, and Free Spins. Spin / Re-Spin / Free Spins Reels Ways to Win Initial Spin 45 First re-spin 135 Second re-spin 405 Third re-spin 675 Fourth re-spin 1125 Fifth re-spin 1875 Free Spins 3125 Re-spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the first re-spin. When there are no winning combinations on a re-spin or after the fifth re-spin, re-spins ends and the reels return to the initial configuration. Re-spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Free Spins A winning combination after the fifth re-spin activates 8 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and the same coin value as the spin that activated re-spins and Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the TOTAL WIN display includes all wins from Free Spins, re-spins, and the spin that activated the re-spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Last modification date: 12/28/2021