Narcos Narcos is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 243 bet ways. The game features Free Spins, Walking Wilds, Drive-by, and a Locked Up feature with a Golden Locked Up symbol. The game is played with 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 243 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost reel to right. Example as follows: More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. All coin wins pay on bet ways only, except for wins during the Locked Up feature. Wild symbols can appear on the reels in the main game and Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols and Locked Up symbols. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . Locked Up Feature During the main game, the Locked Up feature is activated when 3 or more Locked Up symbols appear on the same row. After the feature is activated, the Locked Up symbols move together in the form of a cluster. All spins within the Locked Up feature are free. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. During the Locked Up feature, the symbols form clusters to award coin wins. 3 or more same symbols appearing in a cluster award a win. All Locked Up symbols from the main game stay on the game area and move towards the center forming a cluster. Each Locked Up and Golden Locked Up symbol in a cluster is assigned a value. The value assigned to the symbols can be 1, 2, 3, 5 or 10 times the total bet. Additionally, Golden Locked Up symbols with Big starting value have an additional amount of Coins assigned to them, which can be 11, 12, 13, 16 or 26 times the total bet. During the Locked Up feature, only Locked Up symbols and Golden Locked Up symbols will appear on the reels. The player starts the Locked Up feature with 3 spins. During every spin if new Locked Up or Golden Locked Up symbols appear, creating a new winning cluster or adding to an existing cluster, the number of remaining spins resets to 3. The Locked Up and Golden Locked Up symbols spin independently but simultaneously on the reels. When no more spins are left or the game area is completely filled with Locked Up or Golden Locked Up symbols, the Locked Up feature ends and the wins are awarded. At the end of the Locked Up feature, the game returns to the round that activated the Locked Up feature. At the end of the Locked Up feature, the total win from Locked Up feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Locked Up feature. The Locked Up feature is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during the Locked Up feature. Locked Up and Golden Locked Up symbols that land on the reels but are not part of a winning cluster stay on the reels. These symbols will have no value until they are connected to a winning cluster. During the Locked Up feature, the Golden Locked Up symbols can unlock one of the following features: Multiplier, Upgrade symbols and Big starting value. Multiplier: All symbol values of the winning cluster are multiplied by either x2 or x3 multiplier. Upgrade Symbols: During this feature, multiple upgrade values in increment of 1 times the total bet can be assigned to symbols that are part of the same cluster as the Golden Locked Up symbol. This upgrade can happen 7-15 times for each time the feature is activated. Big starting value: An additional value is added to the Golden Locked Up symbol as a starting value. If more than one Golden Locked Up symbol appears during the same spin, the symbol starts revealing the value horizontally from leftmost to rightmost. At the start of the feature, the bet values for the Golden Locked Up symbols are the same as for the regular Locked Up symbols. This value can change. Note: If the Locked Up feature is activated during Autoplay, Autoplay will automatically stop. At the end of the Locked Up feature, the game returns to the round that activated the Locked Up feature and Autoplay is no longer activated. Drive-by Feature The Drive-by feature is activated randomly during the main game. The Drive-by feature will transform some of the high value symbols into Wild symbols. Each symbol transforms independently of the other symbols. At the end of the Drive-by feature, the total win resulted from Drive-by is added to the balance. In case Free Spins or the Locked Up feature also get activated along with the Drive-by feature, the Drive-by feature is played first. The payout of the round activating the Drive-by feature is awarded only after the Drive-by feature ends. Walking Wild During the main game and Free Spins, Wilds that are part of a win stay on the reels and shift horizontally one place to the left with each spin. Wilds that shift horizontally during each spin are called Walking Wilds. During the main game and Free Spins, if any feature gets activated while there are Walking Wilds still present on the reels, the Walking Wilds continue to stay on the reels after the feature is over. The Walking Wild feature ends if there are no longer any wins from the Walking Wilds or if the wager is increased. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. In Free Spins, on every spin there is a chance that one or more high value symbols turn into Wilds. This is in accordance with the game rules for Drive-by feature. Free Spins and the Walking Wild feature can be activated in the same game round. At the end of Free Spins, if there are Walking Wilds still left on the reels, an extra Free Spin is awarded. This continues until there are no Walking Wilds present on the reels. This extra spin will be played after the current spin. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The Total Win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to start the Locked Up round, all rounds are free (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to enter Free Spins. Click to exit Free Spins. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.23% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Enter Enter Exit Exit Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Walking Wild Walking Wild Wild Wild Drive-by Drive-by Locked Up Locked Up Golden Locked Up Golden Locked Up Last modification date: 12/28/2021