The Legend of Shangri-La: Cluster Pays Game Overview The Legend of Shangri-La: Cluster Pays™ is a 6-reel, 5-row video slot with the Cluster Pays™ mechanic. The game features are Sticky Re-Spins, Random Substitutions, Nudge Reel, and Free Spins. The game is played with clusters of symbols, 1-10 bet levels (10 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. Cluster Pays™ Mechanic A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. 9 or more symbols appearing in a cluster award a win according to the PAYTABLE . Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. A cluster win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A cluster win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Stacked Symbols Anywhere in the game, the Guru symbols and Free Spins symbols appear as stacked symbols on the reels.* A stacked symbol is a symbol that covers two positions on the reel and counts as the following: Name of the Stacked Symbols Count as Guru symbols Two symbols* Free Spin symbols One symbol During Sticky Re-Spins and when affected by Substitution symbols, the Guru symbols cover one position. If a Substitution symbol lands on a stacked Guru symbol and transforms, the exposed part of the Guru will transform into a single version. The Substitution symbol is not related to the symbol it covers. Stacked symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. Any part of a stacked symbol included in a winning cluster pays according to the PAYTABLE . Substitution Symbol A Substitution Symbol transforms into an adjacent symbol in order to create the highest possible win, according to the PAYTABLE . If no winning combination can be created by a Substitution Symbol, it will not transform. In the event that only Substitution Symbols are present on the reel area, they will transform into the highest value symbol. Substitution Symbols cannot substitute for Free Spin symbols. Main Game Features The following 4 features can be triggered during the main game only: Random Substitutions Sticky Re-Spins Nudge Reel Free Spins Note: Only one feature can be activated per spin. Random Substitutions Random Substitutions can be activated when at least 2 clusters of the same symbol land in the main game. Each of these clusters must consist of at least 4 symbols. If the Random Substitutions feature is activated, at least 1 Substitution symbol is added to the reels, at positions adjacent to the existing clusters. More Substitution symbols will be added randomly, until a win is achieved. The Random Substitutions feature cannot be activated if there are 3 Free Spins symbols fully or partially present on the reels, or if Nudge Reel can be activated (for more information, see the Nudge Reel section). The Substitution symbols are added to positions adjacent to the existing clusters or other Substitution symbols, except for reels 1 and 6. The win is evaluated at the end of the spin. Sticky Re-Spins At least 2 non-winning clusters of the same symbol, appearing anywhere on the reels, can activate the Sticky Re-Spins feature. If there are two symbols which each meet the condition, then the lowest paying symbol is chosen. Each initial cluster must consist of at least 5 symbols, and a maximum of 8 symbols. During Sticky Re-Spins, it is not possible to win on any other symbol than the symbol that activated the feature. This is referred to as the feature symbol. The Sticky Re-Spins feature cannot be activated if there is a win, or if any of the other features are activated. During Sticky Re-Spins, the feature symbols stick to the reels and all other symbols spin again. The symbols spin independently but simultaneously on the reels. This continues as long as new feature symbols land on the reels. The final cluster win is awarded according to the PAYTABLE . The Sticky Re-Spins feature is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during a re-spin. Nudge Reel If 2 Free Spins symbols land on the reels and another Free Spins symbol lands to the right of them just outside the visible reel area, that third symbol can be nudged back onto the reels to activate Free Spins. Nudge Reel will not trigger if the nudging can increase, decrease, or create a winning cluster. If Nudge Reel is activated, 1 Free Spins symbol is nudged back onto the reels, thus activating Free Spins. If there are several symbols that fulfill the criteria, the leftmost symbol is chosen. Any cluster wins that are concurrent with the feature will be evaluated before the reel is nudged. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 or more Free Spin symbols, fully or partially appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game, activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . 3 Free Spins symbols = 5 Free Spins 4 Free Spins symbols = 6 Free Spins 5 Free Spins symbols = 7 Free Spins 6 Free Spins symbols = 8 Free Spins In Free Spins, random Substitution symbols will be added to and removed from the reels each spin. The first 2 Substitution symbols will be randomly placed on the reels. The rest of the Substitution symbols during the Free Spins feature will be added to positions adjacent to clusters formed by the first 2 Substitution symbols. After each spin and once the reels have stopped, between 2 and 6 Substitution symbols are added to the reels. If the Substitution symbols can create a winning cluster, they will transform into the selected symbol. Potential wins are added to the total Free Spins win amount. The symbols that were originally Substitution symbols transform back into their original form. Before the next spin, between 1 and 4 Substitution symbols are removed from the reels, from random positions. A minimum of 2 Substitution symbols will always remain on the reels between spins. Extra Spin If the total win from the Free Spins round is less than 10 times the bet, 1 additional spin may be awarded. In this additional spin, no Substitution symbols are removed from the reels. The extra spin cannot be re-activated in the same Free Spins round. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player Return to Player --> The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.59% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays™ Cluster Pays™ Stacked symbols Stacked symbols Random Substitutions Random Substitutions Sticky Re-Spins Sticky Re-Spins Scatter Scatter Nudge Reel Nudge Reel Free Spins Free Spins Last modification date: 12/28/2021