Hall of Gods Game Theme & Graphics The game comprises three main elements – video display area, keypad area, and game panel. Video display area. The game reels, the Wild multiplier indicator, Jackpot displays and the Paytable button are displayed in this upper area. Keypad area. The keypad area displays the selectors for bet level and coin value and buttons for Spin, MAX BET, and AUTOPLAY. The number of coins bet, number of coins in the player’s possession, and number of coins won in the current game round are also displayed here. Game panel. The game panel at the bottom houses the buttons for game settings, sound, and game rules. This area also displays the player’s account information and alternates between showing the available cash, current bet, amount won, and player mode (when in Play for Fun mode). Main Game Players can select the coin value and bet level before starting the game round. Game actions. The buttons on the keypad perform the different game actions: Button Function Clicking the left and right arrows increases and decreases the bet level (i.e. number of coins per bet line) by 1. To increase or decrease faster, the player can click and drag the slider below. Clicking this button starts a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Clicking this button changes the bet level to 5 and starts a game round. Clicking the left and right arrows increases and decreases the coin value to the next level. To increase or decrease faster, the player can click and drag the slider below. Game rounds. When the player clicks the spin button, the bet amount is debited from the current credit (available coins and credit). The symbols fall into position automatically within the reels. Game results . For each spin, the game highlights winning symbol combinations and the amount won on each bet line. The win value appears as a floating number alongside the win field. To further enhance players' gaming experience, the amount in the Win field counts up to match the win value. Meanwhile, game play for the round continues and the win amount with additional wins continues to count up. At the end of the game round, the total winnings are added to the player’s credits and displayed in the game panel. Expanding Wild Hall of Gods has an animated Wild symbol that expands to cover the entire reel when completing winning bet lines. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except bonus and Scatter symbols. Free Spins Hall of Gods features animated Scatter symbols that open to indicate the number of Free Spins awarded. Free Spins feature. 3 or more Scatter symbols activate Free Spins.  3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 15 Free Spins 5 Scatters = 20 Free Spins Additional Free Spins . During Free Spins, 3 or more Scatter symbols activates additional Free Spins. Free Spins wins . All wins pay the win amount multiplied by 3 excluding Bonus Game winnings. At the end of Free Spins the total winnings are added to the player’s cash. Bonus Game The Bonus Game gives the player a chance to win more coins or one of the three available jackpots – Mini, Midi and Mega. Bonus Game trigger . 3 bonus symbols trigger the Hall of Gods Bonus Game. It is also possible for the Bonus Game to be triggered during Free Spins. Bonus Game play. The symbols in the video display area become shields and the mouse pointer changes to Thor’s hammer. Using the hammer, the player breaks the shields to match either 3 coin amounts or 3 jackpot symbols. If 3 coin amounts are matched, the player wins the amount shown. If 3 jackpot symbols are matched, the player wins the amount in the corresponding Mini, Midi or Mega Jackpot display. Bonus Game finish. The Bonus Game ends when 3 coin values or Jackpot symbols are matched. Each game contains at least a coin win. When the game ends the total coins won is calculated and added to the player’s cash. Sounds and Animations To enhance the overall experience, Hall of Gods is filled with sounds and animations to perfectly match the game theme and elevate gaming experience to a whole new level. The sound of waves breaking over a rocky shore create an atmosphere of calm during regular game play while the music of rumbling drums and thunderous horns create excitement and suspense during Free Spins and Bonus Game. All high win symbols are animated with sound effects to indicate to the player their significance. Scatter – Hugin and Munin fly from their perch on a rock which breaks open to reveal the number of Free Spins won. Wild - symbol expands to show the Midgard serpent spiralling upward from the sea. At full expansion the mythical creature releases a startling shriek. Bonus – Thor’s hammer collides with a Nordic shield to indicate the Bonus Game trigger. A low horn sounds in the background. Paytable Main slot winnings are paid out depending on the symbols displayed on a bet line when the reels come to a stop. For a combination of regular symbols to be a winning combination, at least 1 of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel, and the remaining symbols must be next to each other on the same bet line. The Paytable shows the payout rules for all of the symbols. Left and right arrows move the player to other paytable pages. To return to the game, players click the return to game arrow. Last modification date: 11/3/2020