Gonzo's Quest Touch Gonzo's Quest™ Game Rules Gonzo's Quest™ is a video slot with no reel spin: This 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line game introduces the Avalanche™ feature, and has Free Falls wins and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 20 fixed bet lines, 1-5 bet levels and different coin values. The spin button plays the game at the current bet level and coin value. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. AUTO automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitutes for all symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Free Fall symbols. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . When the maximum multiplier is reached, all wins are paid with the maximum multiplier until no new wins are generated. The multiplier will revert to the initial multiplier. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 100. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into position in the reels, instead of spinning. A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. The win multiplier is increased with each new Avalanche until it reaches the maximum multiplier. The multiplier remains at the maximum for the subsequent Avalanches until there are no more wins. Maximum multiplier is 5 in the basic game and 15 in Free Fall. See in-game paytable for details. Free Fall Free Fall symbols only appear on reels 1, 2 and 3. 3 Free Falls symbols activates 10 Free Falls independent of the bet line played. Free Fall symbols must appear in succession, starting from the leftmost reel. Free Falls use the same bet as the round activating Free Fall. A winning bet line during Free Fall will trigger an Avalanche. Maximum multiplier in Free Fall is 15. Additional Free Falls can be won during Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the game returns to the round that activated Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the total win from Free Falls is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Falls. In Free Falls, 3 Free Fall symbols activate 10 additional Free Falls. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Falls is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Falls is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Falls, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Animations . Turn the animations on or off. Graphics quality . Adjust quality for poor network connection. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Multiplier Multiplier Free Falls Free Falls Avalanche Avalanche Paytable Paytable Last modification date: 7/23/2019