Fruit Case ﻿Fruit Case™ is a 5-reel, 20-line video slot featuring Free Falls wins, Wild substitutions, and Avalanches with increasing Wild multiplier. You can play 20 fixed bet lines at 1 to 10 bet levels and different coin values. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitutes for all symbols. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. When the maximum multiplier is reached, all wins are paid with the maximum multiplier until no new wins are generated. The multiplier will revert to the initial multiplier. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . Avalanche™ Feature A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche™ of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Wild multiplier increases with each new Avalanche in a game round, until it reaches the maximum multiplier and remains at the maximum multiplier for the subsequent Avalanches until there are no more wins. The Avalanches™ continue until there are no more wins. The Wild multiplier applies only to winning betlines where the Wild substitutes and where the betlines are completed by the Wild symbols. Several Wild Multipliers occurring on the same bet line are not added. The Wild multiplier does not affect the number of Free Falls won. The maximum Wild multiplier is x8 for both the main game and the Free Falls. Wins are collected when matching symbols appear on bet lines from the leftmost reel to the right, excluding Free Fall symbols. Free Fall Additional Free Falls can be won during Free Falls. In the main game and Free Falls, 3 Free Falls symbols on a bet line activates 10 Free Falls. Free Fall symbols must appear in succession on the bet line, starting from the leftmost reel. Free Falls use the same bet as the round activating Free Fall. Free Fall coin wins pay win x3. Free Fall symbols only appear on reels 1, 2 and 3. At the end of Free Falls, the total win from Free Falls is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Falls. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to view the Paytable. Click to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Falls is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Falls is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Falls, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.42% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Avalanche Avalanche Free Falls Free Falls Multiplier Multiplier Wild Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021