Riches of Midgard: Land and Expand Riches of Midgard: Land and Expand™ is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot featuring additional Hot Spot reels, Re-Spins with the Land and Expand feature, and Free Spins with expanding reels. The game is played with 9 fixed bet lines in the main game, up to 29 fixed bet lines in Free Spins and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Hot Spot Reels The game is played with three regular reels and two additional Hot Spot reels that are located on either side of the regular reels and spin together with the regular reels. Hot Spot reels are not covered by bet lines and symbols on Hot Spot reels cannot be part of a winning combination. In the main game, only high win symbols and blank spaces can appear on the Hot Spot reels. In Free Spins, both high win symbols and low win symbols can appear on the Hot Spot reels. In Free Spins, a Wild symbol may appear on the left Hot Spot reel. Wild symbol matches any symbol on the right Hot Spot reel. Land and Expand Feature and Re-Spins In the main game and in Free Spins, matching symbols landing on both Hot Spot reels and at least two regular reels award the Land and Expand feature and a Re-Spin. In the Land and Expand feature, all symbols that activated the feature on the regular reels expand to cover their entire reels. Land and Expand feature is played out after all wins have been evaluated and before the Re-Spin starts. Regular reels with expanded symbols and Hot Spot reels are locked and do not spin during the Re-Spin. If all three regular reels are locked and do not spin, wins are evaluated immediately after the Land and Expand feature. The same symbol that activated the Land and Expand feature landing on the unlocked reel during the Re-Spin also expands to cover the entire reel. The wins from the Re-Spin are evaluated after the symbol expansion. In Re-Spins, if there are exactly two regular reels covered with the symbol that activated the Re-Spin, these reels are considered to be reels 1 and 2 for the purposes of win evaluation. For example, if reels 1 and 3 are covered with the symbol that activated the Re-Spin, reel 3 is considered to be reel 2, and the wins are evaluated accordingly. Re-Spin is played at the same bet as the spin that activated the Re-Spin. Free Spins and a Re-Spin cannot be activated in the main game simultaneously. If a Re-Spin was activated in the main game, any Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. If a Re-Spin was activated in Free Spins, any Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter symbols can appear anywhere on the regular reels in the main game and only on reel 3 in Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the regular reels in the main game activate 8 Free Spins. In Free Spins, a Scatter symbol landing on reel 3 awards 2 additional Free Spins and expands all regular reels, increasing their height by 1. Regular reels are expanded alternately upwards and downwards, starting with upwards. The maximum height of the regular reels in Free Spins is 7. If the regular reels are already at maximum height, a Scatter symbol landing on reel 3 still awards 2 additional Free Spins. There is no maximum number of Free Spins. When the height of the regular reels is increased, additional fixed bet lines are activated up to a maximum of 29. A bet line is active if it covers at least two open positions in succession from the leftmost reel to rightmost reel. The height of the regular reels is increased before wins are evaluated and any Re-Spins are awarded. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Buy Feature Free Spins can be activated with the Buy Feature (not available in all casinos). Activating Free Spins costs 80 times the bet. When Free Spins are activated with the Buy Feature, one free main game spin that is guaranteed to activate Free Spins is played. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.03%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Hot Spot Hot Spot Re-Spin Re-Spin Land and Expand Land and Expand Free Spins Free Spins Last modification date: 3/9/2021