Secrets of Christmas Game Rules Secrets of Christmas™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions and Free Spins with Free Spins Bonus Features. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can randomly appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. Before Free Spins begin, there is a Bonus Game where the player picks from 20 Christmas gifts to win Free Spins Bonus Features. The amount of picks is equal to the number of Scatter symbols that activated Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 3 Christmas Gifts 4 Scatters = 4 Christmas Gifts 5 Scatters = 5 Christmas Gifts Free Spins Bonus Features include: Free Spins . 2, 3, 4, 5 or 10 additional Free Spins are added to the initial 10 Free Spins. Multipliers . Additional x1 or x2 multipliers are added to the initial x1 Free Spins multiplier. Wild Reels . Wild Reels cover reels 2 and/or 4 until Free Spins end. Additional Wild symbols . Candle and/or Bell symbols become Wild symbols during Free Spins. See Paytable for symbols. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. The TOTAL WIN field includes any wins from the main game added to any wins from Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note : When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note : If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note : Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Bell Wild Bell Wild Candle Wild Candle Wild Wild Reel Wild Reel Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Last modification date: 12/28/2021