Gods of Gold Infinireels Gods of Gold: Infinireels™ is a 3-reel, 3-row, infinite bet ways video slot featuring Infinite Reels, Wild substitutions, Re-Spins, Multi-Slam and Win Spins. The game is played with infinite bet ways, 20 coins per bet and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Example as follows: Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Example of a bet way payout when playing a bet in coins 5 matching King symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel awards 100 coins. This result is multiplied by 2 (for 2 King symbols on reel 5), giving a total win of 2 x 100 = 200. When playing with cash, the bet way payout follows the same logic as when playing with coins, and the calculated outcome depends on the current coin value. Scatter Symbol 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Win Spins activate 10 Win Spins. For each additional Scatter symbol, 5 additional Win Spins are added. A maximum of 1 Scatter symbol can land per reel. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can only appear on reel 4 and onwards. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Infinite Reels The game is played with infinite bet ways starting with 27 ways and multiplied by 3 each time a reel is added. Each new spin begins with a 3x3 reels play area; a new reel is added to the right side of the play area with every new win until there are no more wins. Once the win stops, the bet way wins are panned, evaluated and paid out. For the next game round the play area goes back to a 3x3 reel. If you want to quick stop the panning, click the Spin button or anywhere on the reels. MINIMAP The minimap shows a minimal overview of the complete play area and the winning bet ways. If the bet way wins extend the minimap area, the minimap is panned. Symbol Counter The symbol counter shows the length of the win for the symbol displayed in the top counter and the number of ways winning for that same symbol in the bottom counter. Win Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Win Spins activate 10 Win Spins. For each additional Scatter symbol, 5 additional Win Spins are added. Win Spins start once the wins from the spin that initiated Win Spin have been paid out. Each Win Spin is a guaranteed win. Once Win Spins end, the bet way wins are panned, evaluated and paid out. For the next game round the play area goes back to a 3x3 reel. Win Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Win Spins. At the end of Win Spins, the total win from Win Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Win Spins. RE-SPINS After the reels stop and there are no more wins, a Re-Spin can randomly be awarded. MULTI-SLAM During a win, the Multi-Slam feature can randomly add 2-3 reels at a time. Each Multi-Slam is a guaranteed win. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. Stop if Win Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Win Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.21%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Win Spins Win Spins Infinite Reels Infinite Reels Re-Spins Re-Spins Multi-Slam Multi-Slam Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Game rules generated: Last modification date: 12/28/2021