Jingle Spin Jingle Spin™ Game Rules Jingle Spin™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20 bet line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Free Spins, and 4 different feature baubles - a Spreading Wild Bauble, Free Spins Bauble, Coin Win Bauble, and a Surprise Bauble. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins apply to bet line wins and Coin Win Baubles only. Simultaneous wins on more than one feature bauble are added together. Christmas Bauble Wheel and Helping Dwarves The game features a Christmas bauble wheel loaded with different feature baubles: a Spreading Wild Bauble, Free Spins Bauble, a Coin Win Bauble, and a Surprise Bauble. The feature contained in the bauble held by the helping dwarves above the reels is activated when a Wild symbol appears randomly on the reel below. Spreading Wild Baubles turn all adjacent and diagonal symbols into additional Wild symbols. The additional Wild symbols from the Spreading Wild do not activate any feature baubles held by the helping dwarves above them. Free Spins Baubles activate the number of Free Spins displayed on the bauble. Coin Win Baubles add coin wins to the total bet line win. Wins with Coin Win Baubles are equal to the value displayed on the bauble. The Surprise Bauble contains one of the feature baubles. The Christmas bauble wheel is located to the right of the reels and the helping dwarves are located directly above the reels. Helping dwarves' hands are empty at the start of the game. Each spin can deliver a random feature bauble from the bauble wheel into the hands of helping dwarves above the rightmost reel. Subsequent spins at the same bet level and coin value move the bauble from one helping dwarf to another one reel to the left per spin. If the current bet is raised and you tap spin, all baubles held by the helping dwarves will be removed. A maximum of 5 baubles can by held by the helping dwarves at the same time (one bauble per helping dwarf). Wild and Spreading Wild Wild symbols can appear on any reel and substitute for all symbols in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild symbol and Spreading Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . In the main game and in Free Spins, Spreading Wilds are activated when the Spreading Wild Bauble drops onto a regular Wild symbol appearing on the reel and substitute for all symbols except for regular Wild symbols. The Spreading Wild symbol turns all adjacent and diagonal symbols into additional Wild symbols. Free Spins Free Spin Baubles held by the helping dwarves directly above a Wild symbol activate Free Spins. The number of Free Spins won is a random amount and is displayed on the bauble according to the PAYTABLE . At the start of Free Spins, the Christmas bauble wheel will deliver 4 baubles into the hands of helping dwarves. A fifth bauble is added after the reels have stopped spinning. The next spin and each subsequent spin places a new bauble in the hands of the rightmost helping dwarf, so baubles are always being passed. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. Additional Free Spins are activated when the Free Spins Bauble held by a helping dwarf is directly collected by a Wild symbol appearing below the Free Spins Bauble, during a Free Spins mode. The Wild symbol appears randomly on the reels. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. The TOTAL WIN field includes any wins from the main game added to any wins from Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The helping dwarves revert back to the state they had when Free Spins was activated. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Raise bet screen. Turns the raise bet warning message on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.48% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Wild Wild Spreading Wild Spreading Wild Last modification date: 11/23/2021