Victorious™ Game Rules Victorious™ is a 5-reel video slot that offers 243 ways to win. In addition, the game has Free Spins and Wild substitutions. There are no bet lines. You can play 243 bet ways at different bet levels and coin values. The spin button plays the game at 243 bet ways, the current bet level and coin value. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet way paid. All wins pay on selected bet ways only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. In both the main game and Free Spins, Wild symbols only appear on reels 2 and 4. Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol. Wins with Free Spin symbols pay total bet x payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Free Spins 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing randomly on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. Free Spin symbols must appear in succession, starting from the leftmost reel. Free spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free spins. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. The number of free spins awarded are according to the PAYTABLE . Free spin coin wins are tripled (x3). Free Spin symbol wins are added to any bet line wins. The number of extra Free Spins is not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Extra Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY in the keypad or AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turn on or off quick spin. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.9% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Wild Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021