Tornado: Farm Escape™ Contents Game Overview Wild Symbol Storm Feature Tornado Feature Game Functions Game Setting Options Advanced Autoplay Options Return to Player Additional Information Translations of Game Terminology Game Overview Tornado: Farm Escape™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild substitutions, a Tornado feature and a Storm feature. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), bet levels 1-10 and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Bonus features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. Bonus feature wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.25 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 100. Wild Symbol All Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Hot and Cold symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Storm Feature When the reels start spinning, the Storm feature is randomly triggered and will start from one of the outermost positions on the reels. The Storm moves one position at a time in any direction generating Wild symbols until it moves outside the reels area and disappears. If the Storm moves on a Wild symbol, the symbol remains a Wild. The Storm will always cross at least one symbol on the reels before moving outside of the reels. The Storm feature cannot be activated during the Tornado feature. Tornado Feature When a Hot symbol lands on any position on reel 1 and a Cold symbol lands on any position on reel 5 simultaneously, the Tornado feature is activated. During the Tornado feature the symbol that appears on the second row of the center reel becomes active. All active symbols and Wild symbols are collected during the Tornado feature and the Tornado feature continues until no more active or Wild symbols appear on the reels. During the Tornado feature, a meter appears counting all the collected active and Wild symbols wins. Wilds will substitute for the active symbol during the Tornado feature. The Tornado feature ends when a spin does not contain any active or Wild symbols. If the Wild symbol becomes the active symbol when the Tornado feature is activated, only Wild symbols will be collected. No bet line wins are awarded during the Tornado feature. The Tornado feature win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Tornado feature paytable multiplied by the bet level. The Tornado feature win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. The Tornado feature cannot be activated during the Storm feature. The Tornado feature cannot be re-triggered. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Tornado is won . Stops Autoplay if Tornado is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.5%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Storm Storm Tornado Tornado Hot Hot Cold Cold Last modification date: 10/14/2020