Druids' Dream Druids' Dream™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-line (fixed) video slot featuring Win Both Ways, Wild and Scatter substitutions, the Wild Charge feature, Re-Spins with the Nudge feature, and Free Spins. The game is played with 40 bet lines paying both ways (fixed) and different bet values and coin values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Only the highest win per bet line from both ways is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild & Scatter Wild symbols can appear as single Wild symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game, on reel 3 in the Re-Spins and on reels 1 and 5 in the Free Spins. Wild symbols can appear as stacks on reels 2 and 4 in the main game and Re-Spins and on reel 3 in Free Spins. Stacks of Wild symbols can cover from one position to the entire reel, depending on how the reel lands.Scatter symbols can appear at the bottom of the Wild symbols stack on reel 2 or at the top of the Wild symbols stack on reel 4 in the main game and Re-Spins and in the middle of the Wild symbols stack on reel 3 in Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Scatter symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild and Scatter symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild Charge, Re-Spins & Nudge Feature In the main game, Wild symbols landing as a stack on reel 2 or 4 together with one Scatter symbol become charged and activate the Re-Spins.Each charged Wild symbol awards a Re-Spin. The Scatter symbol and all Wild symbols that activated the Re-Spins remain on the reels until the end of the Re-Spins. After each Re-Spin, one charge disappears. Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated the Re-Spins. Any Re-Spins wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. In the Re-Spins, the second Scatter symbol landing on the reels activates Free Spins. In the Re-Spins, a stack of Wild symbols landing on reel 2 or 4 without a Scatter symbol activates the Nudge feature on the next Re-Spin for a chance to land the second Scatter symbol on the reels. In the main game, the Nudge feature is activated together with the Re-Spins if one stack of Wild symbols lands on the reels together with a Scatter symbol and the second stack of Wild symbols lands on the reels without a Scatter symbol. In the Nudge feature, the reel with the stack of Wild symbols does not re-spin and is instead nudged by one or several positions after each Re-Spin. If the Nudge feature is activated on reel 2, the reel is nudged up. If the Nudge feature is activated on reel 4, the reel is nudged down. On each Re-Spin during the Nudge feature, all wins are evaluated after the reel is nudged. The Nudge feature ends when the second Scatter symbol lands on the reels or when the Re-Spins end. Free Spins 2 Scatter symbols landing on reels 2 and 4 in the main game or Re-Spins activate 6 Free Spins.All Wild symbols landing as a stack on reel 2 or 4 together with a Scatter symbol become charged. Each charged Wild symbol on reels 2 and 4 awards one additional Free Spin. All Scatter and Wild symbols that activated the Free Spins are transformed into Wild symbols and remain on the reels until the end of the Free Spins. In Free Spins, a stack of Wild symbols with a Scatter symbol can appear on reel 3. A Scatter symbol landing on reel 3 together with Wild symbols awards 3 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. If Free Spins were activated in the Re-Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Re-Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick spin Click to turn Quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin: Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin: Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash: Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Wild Charge Wild Charge Re-Spins Re-Spins Nudge Nudge Free Spins Free Spins Win Both Ways Win Both Ways Last modification date: 12/28/2021