Buster's Bones Buster’s Bones™ is a 6-reel, 6-row video slot featuring the Cluster Pays™ mechanic, Buster's Bones feature with an increasing Multiplier, Random features, and Free Spins. The game is played with clusters of symbols and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. 5 or more of the same symbols appearing in a cluster award a win according to the Paytable. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A cluster win starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, except for the Buster symbol, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Scatter Symbol In the main game and in Free Spins, up to 2 Scatter symbols can appear anywhere on the reels during the spin. Wild Symbol In the main game and in Free Spins, Wild symbols can only appear during the Buster's Bones feature to replace Bone symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols, the Buster symbol, and Bone symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. Wild symbols award a win only in combination with other symbols. Buster Symbol and Bone Symbols In the main game, 1 Buster symbol with the initial x1 Multiplier assigned to it can appear anywhere on the reels at the start of the spin or during the Avalanche. The Buster symbol stays on the reels until the end of the spin. The Buster symbol being a part of a winning cluster multiplies the cluster win by its Multiplier. In Free Spins, the Buster symbol that activated Free Spins stays on the reels until the end of Free Spins keeping its Multiplier and randomly changing its position at the start of each spin. Only 1 Buster symbol can be present on the reels at any time. The Buster symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Bone symbols. The Buster symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. In the main game and in Free Spins, Bone symbols with values of +1, +2, +3, and +5 can appear anywhere on the reels at the start of the spin or during the Avalanches. Buster's Bones Feature The Buster symbol appearing on the reels together with 1 or more Bone symbols activates the Buster's Bones feature. In the Buster's Bones feature, the Buster symbol replaces each Bone symbol on the reels one by one in random order leaving a Wild symbol in its previous position each time until there are no more Bone symbols left on the reels. Buster's Bones feature is played out before the wins are evaluated. Each time the Buster symbol replaces a Bone symbol, the value of its Multiplier is increased by the value of the replaced Bone symbol. Random Features Random features can be randomly activated in the main game and in Free Spins. In the main game, the Buster symbol can randomly appear anywhere on the reels after the initial spin, or after the Avalanche before the wins are evaluated, replacing another symbol except for the Bone symbol or Scatter symbol. In the main game, 2 to 5 Bone symbols can randomly appear anywhere on the reels after the initial spin or after the Avalanche before the wins are evaluated, replacing other symbols except for the Buster symbol, Scatter symbols, and Wild symbols. In the main game, both the Buster symbol and 2 to 5 Bone symbols can randomly appear on the reels while the reels are spinning. In Free Spins, 2 to 4 Bone symbols can randomly appear anywhere on the reels after the initial spin or after the Avalanche before the wins are evaluated, replacing other symbols except for the Buster symbol, Scatter symbols, and Wild symbols. Free Spins In the main game, 2 Scatter symbols and 1 Buster symbol appearing anywhere on the reels during the spin award 8 Free Spins. In Free Spins, 1 or 2 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during the spin award 1 or 3 additional Free Spins respectively. Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.04%. Last modification date: 4/20/2023