Dark King: Forbidden Riches Dark King: Forbidden Riches™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring a Wild Multiplier, Wild symbols that transform into Sticky Wild symbols during Free Spins, and Extra Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all Casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet level is an option in bet settings when playing with coins, that along with the coin value modifies the amount of the bet and hence the wins. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in cash is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Symbol and Wild Multiplier Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels in the main game and in Free Spins. When 1 or more Wild symbols appear anywhere on the reels during a spin in the main game or in Free Spins, all bet line wins are multiplied by a Wild Multiplier equal to the number of Wild symbols on the reels. The maximum Wild Multiplier is x5. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Free Spins, Sticky Wild Hotspots, and Sticky Wild symbols 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 12 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols = 15 Free Spins Free Spins comes with Sticky Wild Hotspots, a fixed area of 5 spots in the shape of a cross that sits on reels 2, 3, and 4. Any Wild symbol landing anywhere into that hotspots area transforms into a Sticky Wild symbol. A Sticky Wild symbol awards 1 Extra Free Spin and remains on the reels until Free Spins end. The maximum number of Extra Free Spins for an entire Free Spins session is 5. The total Wild Multiplier value during Free Spins is equal to the number of simultaneously appearing Wild and Sticky Wild symbols on the reels, from a minimum of x1 up to a maximum of x5. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins: The total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. The game returns to main game. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Wild Multiplier Wild Multiplier Free Spins Free Spins Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Hotspots Sticky Wild Hotspots Extra Free Spins Extra Free Spins Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Game rules generated: Last modification date: 12/28/2021