Scruffy Duck Game Rules Scruffy Duck™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25- bet line video slot featuring stacked symbols, Wild substitutions and Free Spins. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Stacked Symbols In both the main game and Free Spins, duck symbols appear as stacked symbols on the reels. A stacked symbol is a symbol that either partially covers a reel (1 or 2 positions on a reel), or covers all 3 positions on a reel. Stacked symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands. Any part of a stacked duck symbol included in a winning bet line pays according to the Paytable. Expanding Wild Expanding Wild symbols can appear in both the main game and Free Spins and will substitute for all symbols except for the Free Spins symbol. Expanding Wilds can appear on any reel, except for during the Colossal Wild feature, where they land only on reels 1 and 5. Expanding Wild symbols automatically expand to cover the entire reel they appear on if resulting in a bet line win. Expanding Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on reels 3, 4 or 5 in the main game activate Free Spins. 1 of the following 5 features is activated during Free Spins: Multiplier feature, Symbol Removal feature, Colossal Wild, Random Wilds and Double feature. When Free Spins are activated, the player picks one of the ducks and thus randomly chooses one of the above mentioned features. Each feature awards a corresponding number of Free Spins: Multiplier feature -15 Free Spins, Symbol Removal feature – 12 Free Spins, Colossal Wild -10 Free Spins, Random Wilds – 8 Free Spins and the Double feature – 6 Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The Multiplier Feature During the Multiplier feature all wins are multiplied by 3. The Symbol Removal Feature In this feature there are no low win symbols on the reels. The Colossal Wild Colossal Wild substitutes for all symbols, except for the Free Spins symbol. The Colossal Wild is either 2 x 2 or 3 x 3 symbols big and appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. When landing, the Colossal Wild will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reels stop. If taking part in a winning combination, the Colossal Wild will split into 2 to 9 singleton Wilds. Any part of a Colossal Wild included in a winning bet line pays the highest possible winning combination according to the Paytable. Random Wilds During this feature 2 to 5 Random Wilds land on the reels on every spin after the reels have stopped. Random Wilds substitute for all symbols, except for the Free Spins symbol. If the Random Wild lands on the Expanding Wild, the Expanding Wild will still expand overlaying the Random Wild (if resulting in a bet line win). If the Random Wild lands on the Expanding Wild which is not resulting in a bet line win, the Random Wild will overlay the Expanding Wild. Random Wilds do not expand. Random Wilds do not land on top of Colossal Wilds. Random Wild substitution pays the highest possible winning combination according to the Paytable. The Double feature It is possible to activate two of the above features at the same time. The two features are chosen randomly. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.38% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Random Wild Random Wild Colossal Wild Colossal Wild Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Symbol Removal Symbol Removal Double Double Last modification date: 12/28/2021