Hook's Heroes Game Rules Hook's Heroes™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Free Spins with 3 different features available and a Feature Spin mode which enables a random feature for 1 spin. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The stake level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX STAKE plays the game at the maximum bet lines, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX STAKE must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Pirate Feature in Feature Spin or Free Spin mode. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Features for Free Spins and Feature Spins There are 3 different types of spin features that can be activated during Free Spins or a single Feature Spin. The 3 feature names are: Fairy Feature, Mermaid Feature and the Pirate Feature. In the Fairy Feature, each spin will have between 2 and 5 overlay Wilds placed on the reels in random positions. When only 2 Wilds are awarded, 1 of the Wilds must be placed on either reel 1, 2 or 3. In the Mermaid Feature, all wins are multiplied by 2 unless the win combination contains 1 or more Wilds when the wins are instead multiplied by 4. In the Pirate Feature, wins are calculated on the number of visible symbols on the reels instead of on winning bet lines; meaning that the symbols do not need to appear on consecutive reels. For example, in the Pirate Feature, if there are 4 of the same symbol visible anywhere on the reels this pays the same as if there are 4 of the same symbol on a winning bet line in the main game. There are no Wilds on the reels during the Pirate Feature. Feature Spins and Free Spins 2 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards 1 free Feature Spin with a randomly chosen feature. 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards Free Spins. The player can choose which of the 3 features they want in play during Free Spins. Each feature activates a different number of Free Spins. The Fairy Feature activates 7 Free Spins, the Mermaid Feature activates 10 Free Spins and the Pirate Feature activates 15 Free Spins. 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game award 2 or 3 Free Spins picks respectively. A player can make the same choice 2 or 3 times in a row if 4 or more Scatters appear on the reels. If 2 or 3 Free Spins rounds are won, after the first and, if 3 are won, second rounds are completed, the player returns to the Free Spin feature selection screen to choose their Free Spin feature for the upcoming round of Free Spins. Feature Spin wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Free Spin wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Additional Feature Spins cannot be won during Feature Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If Feature Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Feature Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Autoplay Free Spins To set Autoplay Free Spins options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . Select Mermaid Feature. Automatically plays the Mermaid Feature mode if Free Spins are won. Select Pirate Feature. Automatically plays the Pirate Feature mode if Free Spins are won. Select Fairy Feature. Automatically plays the Fairy Feature mode if Free Spins are won. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.82% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Autoplay Autoplay Paytable Paytable Bonus Bonus Feature Spin Feature Spin Scatter Scatter Fairy Feature Fairy Feature Mermaid Feature Mermaid Feature Pirate Feature Pirate Feature Last modification date: 12/28/2021