Dazzle Me™ Game Overview Dazzle Me™ is a delightful video slot with 5 distinctive reels and a dazzling 76 bet lines. The game features Dazzling Wild Reels, Free Spins and Linked Reels. The game is played with 76 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Dazzling Wild Reels Dazzling Wild Reels randomly appear during the main game as an overlay reel with only Wild symbols. 1-5 reels can turn into Dazzling Wild Reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Free Spin symbols. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. 3 Free Spin symbols = 8 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols = 12 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols = 16 Free Spins Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Linked Reels The Linked Reels feature appears during Free Spins only. At the beginning of each spin, identical linked reels appear adjacently on any of reels 1-4. The right reel is a copy of the left reel, with reel 1 linked to reel 2 and/or reel 3 linked to reel 4. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Fuctions Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through thePAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.90% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Dazzling Wild Reels Dazzling Wild Reels Linked Reels Linked Reels Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Last modification date: 10/14/2020