Casino Hold'em Game Overview Casino Hold'em is a poker game played with a standard deck of 52 cards (excluding Jokers). The game is played with one deck of cards shuffled before each round. The individual cards are ranked in the following falling order: Ace (high or low), King, Queen, Jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2. The Min/Max sign indicates the minimum and maximum bet that can be placed on ANTE. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. To view the Paytable, see the Payout section below. Note : To zoom in the paytable, move the pointer over the Paytable image on the table. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. How to Play To place a bet, select a chip and then click in the bet area. If there are active arrows to the left and right of the chips, click these to see additional chip values. Every click in a bet area adds one chip of the selected value to the bet. A player places bets on ANTE and optionally on AA BONUS and clicks DEAL . The dealer deals out 2 cards (face up) to the player and 2 cards (face down) to himself. In addition, three community cards are dealt face up in the center of the table, called Flop. Two more community cards, called Turn and River, are added once player clicks CALL . The aim of the game is to build the best 5-card poker hand using five community cards and dealt cards to beat the dealer's hand. Player can continue to play the game by either betting on CALL or folding the cards. Note : The bet placed on CALL is always double the ANTE amount. If a bet exceeds the bet limit, the Auto Adjust Bet function automatically adjusts the bet to the highest possible amount. If a player clicks FOLD , the game round ends. The player loses all the bets and any possible AA Bonus winnings. If the player continues to bet, any possible AA Bonus winnings will be paid out. If the player doesn't have an AA Bonus winning hand, all AA Bonus bets will be lost. The dealer deals two additional community cards and shows his own hand. AA Bonus winnings are paid when a hand contains a pair of aces or higher, after the first three community cards are dealt. For more information, refer to the AA Bonus Winnings Payout Table below. A player must complete the game round in order to receive any AA Bonus winnings. To find a winner, the dealer now compares his hand against the players. The dealer must have a pair of 4s or higher to qualify. If the dealer doesn’t qualify: The player keeps his ANTE and CALL bets and wins with his ANTE according to the Ante Winnings Payout Table. If the dealer qualifies: If the dealer and the player have the same hand, it is a push and the ANTE and CALL bets are returned. If the dealer has a better hand, the player loses all his bets. In case of a better hand, a player keeps the ANTE and CALL bets. ANTE bets pay according to the Ante Winnings Payout Table and CALL bets pay 1 to 1. Winning Hands The table below lists all the different winning hands in the game. Hands are counted in the following falling order: Hand Description Example Royal flush A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit. Straight flush Five cards of the same suit in a sequence. Four of a kind Four cards of the same rank. Full house Three matching cards of the same rank and two matching cards of another rank. Flush Five cards of the same suit. Straight Five consecutive cards of mixed suits. Three of a kind Three matching cards of the same rank. Two pair Two matching cards of the same rank and another two matching cards in a different rank. Pair Two cards of the same rank. High card A hand with no other winning combination is valued by the highest ranked card. Results Dealer qualifies? Hand ANTE bet CALL bet No Doesn’t apply According to Ante Winnings Payout Table Returned to player Yes Dealer and player have same hand Returned to player Returned to player Yes Player beats dealer According to Ante Winnings Payout Table Pays: 1 to 1 Yes Dealer beats player Lost Lost Ante Winnings Payout Table Hand Pays Royal flush 100 to 1 Straight flush 20 to 1 Four of a kind 10 to 1 Full house 3 to 1 Flush 2 to 1 Straight or less 1 to 1 AA Bonus Winnings Payout Table Pair of Aces to Straight Hand Pays Flush or higher 25 to 1 7 to 1 Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round. Click to place a new bet. Click to fold your cards and end the game. Click to play the hand. Click to repeat the same bet as the previous game round. Click to select the delete chip and then click on ANTE or AA Bonus bets to remove it from the table. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Fast play . Turns on or off fast play. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Casino Hold’em is a skill-based game. The strategy used to play this game affects the Return to Player (RTP) of the main game and the optional AA Bonus side bet as mentioned below: Player Strategy Main Game RTP Side Bet RTP Basic strategy (This strategy is difficult, but achievable.) 98.7% 89.6% Optimal strategy (This is an ideal strategy and not possible for human players to achieve.) 99.18% 90.9% Side bet optimal strategy (Call on every side bet win and use basic strategy if there is no side bet win.) 98.7% 93.60% Last modification date: 9/28/2021