Muse: Wild Inspiration™ Game Rules Muse: Wild Inspiration™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25 fixed bet line video slot. The game features a Wild Inspiration symbol that randomly turns into either Expanding Wild, Sticky Wild or X2 Wild. In Free Spins the different Wild substitutions are combined offering even more chances for big wins. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. Wild Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Wild Inspiration The Wild Inspiration symbol triggers 3 different wild features: Sticky Wild, Expanding Wild or X2 Wild. When a Wild Inspiration symbol appears on a reel, the symbol flips and randomly triggers 1 of the 3 Wild features. Expanding Wild The Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel. X2 Wild Wins with X2 Wild are multiplied x2 when completing a winning bet line. If more than one X2 Wild appears on a winning bet line, they each multiply the win, giving a multiplier of up to x8. Sticky Wild When a Sticky Wild symbol appears on the reel, one free re-spin is awarded. During a re-spin the Sticky Wild symbol holds the position on the reel. If more than one Sticky Wild appears, all stick at the same time and only one free re-spin is awarded. During a re-spin the Scatter symbol is not included. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE . Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins and the re-spin feature can be activated in the same game round. If this occurs, Free Spins is played first, followed by the re-spin. Wild Combinations in Free Spins When a Wild Inspiration symbol appears on a reel during Free Spins, the symbol flips and randomly triggers 1 of the 3 following wild combinations: Sticky Expanding Wild Sticky Expanding Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and sticks for one awarded re-spin. During a re-spin the Scatter symbol is not included. Expanding X2 Wild Expanding X2 Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and wins are multiplied x2. If more than one Expanding X2 Wild symbol appears on a winning bet line, they each multiply the win, giving a multiplier of up to x8. Sticky X2 Wild Wins with Sticky X2 Wild are multiplied x2 when completing winning bet lines and one re-spin is awarded. If more than one Sticky X2 Wild symbol appears on a winning bet line, they each multiply the win, giving a multiplier of up to x8. During the re-spin the Sticky X2 Wild symbol will hold the position on the reel. During a re-spin the Scatter symbol is not included. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Expanding wild Expanding Wild Last modification date: 2/7/2017