Street Fighter II: The World Warrior Slot Street Fighter™ II: The World Warrior Slot is a 5-reel, 5-row video slot featuring the Cluster Pays™ mechanic. The game is based on Street Fighter™ II: The World Warrior and played with 8 different characters with their own Wild Combo features, the Insert Coin gamble feature, Beat the Boss Free Spins, and the Car Smash Bonus Game. The game is played with clusters of symbols, and different coin values and bet values. There are no bet lines. 4 or more of the same symbols appearing in a cluster award a win. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A cluster win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Avalanche™ The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A cluster win starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Battles The main game is played in battles that can include multiple spins. Before every main game battle, you choose one of 8 characters on the Player Select screen. In every main game battle, a random opponent is chosen to fight your character from among the other 7 characters. The main game battle can last for any number of spins and ends when one of the characters has the number of their health points reduced to zero. Reducing the number of the opponent’s health points in a main game battle to zero activates Beat the Boss Free Spins. Having the number of your character’s health points in a main game battle reduced to zero activates the Car Smash Bonus Game. The number of both characters’ health points is updated before every Avalanche. When one of the characters has the number of their health points reduced to zero, the Avalanches continue until there are no more wins and then either the Car Smash Bonus Game or Beat the Boss Free Spins are activated. If both characters have their number of health points reduced to zero as a result of an Avalanche, it is considered that the opponent had the number of their health points reduced to zero first. You cannot change your character until the game returns to the Player Select screen. Characters In the main game, there are 8 playable characters that you can choose from on the Player Select screen. The playable characters are Ryu, Ken, E. Honda, Chun Li, Blanka, Zangief, Guile, and Dhalsim. In Beat the Boss Free Spins, the opponents your character fights are 4 boss characters: Balrog, Vega, Sagat and M. Bison. Each playable character has their own theoretical return to player. Each playable character and each boss character have their own set of high-value symbols: a Victory symbol and a Defeat symbol. In each battle only high-value symbols of two characters fighting in the battle, low-value symbols and Wild symbols can appear on the reels. Victory and Defeat symbols can appear on the reels as single symbols or 2x2 Colossal symbols counting as a cluster of 4 single symbols. Each character has their own Wild Combo feature that is activated when the Wild Gauge is filled in the main game and in Beat the Boss Free Spins. Health Points The battle can last for any number of spins and ends when one of the characters has their number of health points reduced to zero. Each character has 75 health points in the main game and 25 health points in Beat the Boss Free Spins. A winning combination of your character’s Victory or Defeat symbols decreases the number of your opponent’s health points. A winning combination of your opponent's Victory or Defeat symbols decreases the number of your character’s health points. The decrease of health points is equal to the number of Victory or Defeat symbols in the winning combination. Wild symbols included in winning combinations do not count towards the decrease of health points. Wild Symbols, Wild Gauge and Wild Combo Features Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. In the main game and in Beat the Boss Free Spins, your character has a Wild Gauge that is reset before each spin. For each high-value symbol in a winning combination the Wild Gauge is filled by one point. Each time the Wild Gauge is filled by 7 points, a Wild Combo feature is created and can be activated when there are no winning combinations on the reels. Wild symbols included in winning combinations do not count towards filling the Wild Gauge. If there are no winning combinations on the reels and there are 7 or more points in the Wild Gauge, your character’s Wild Combo feature is activated and the number of points in the Wild Gauge is reduced by 7. There is no maximum number of points in the Wild Gauge. In the main game, each spin starts with the Wild Gauge at 0 points. In Beat the Boss Free Spins, each spin starts with the Wild Gauge at 7 points. Each of 8 playable characters has their own Wild Combo feature. Activating Ryu’s Wild Combo feature awards 3 Wild symbols placed randomly on the same row. Activating Ken’s Wild Combo feature awards a single Wild symbol or a horizontal stack of 5 Wild symbols placed randomly on the reels. Activating E. Honda’s Wild Combo feature awards 3 Wild symbols placed randomly on the same reel. Activating Blanka’s Wild Combo feature awards a single Wild symbol or a vertical stack of 5 Wild symbols placed randomly on the reels. Activating Dhalsim’s Wild Combo feature awards 3 or 4 singular Wild symbols placed randomly on the reels. Activating Chun Li’s Wild Combo feature awards 2 or 7 singular Wild symbols placed randomly on the reels. Activating Guile’s Wild Combo feature awards 2 vertical stacks of 2 Wild symbols each placed randomly on the reels. Activating Zangief’s Wild Combo feature awards 2 horizontal stacks of 2 Wild symbols each placed randomly on the reels. Wild symbols that are already on the reels when a Wild Combo feature is activated can be overlaid. Beat the Boss Free Spins and the Insert Coin Gamble Feature Reducing the number of the opponent’s health points in a main game battle to zero activates Beat the Boss Free Spins. Beat the Boss Free Spins are played at a bet equal to the average bet of the main game battle that activated Beat the Boss Free Spins. There are 4 levels in Beat the Boss Free Spins, each with its own opponent and level Multiplier. Beat the Boss Free Spins start with level 1 and an x2 level Multiplier. On every Beat the Boss Free Spins level, your character fights a different opponent, and the level Multiplier is awarded according to the following table: Level Level Multiplier Opponent 1 x2 Barlog 2 x3 Vega 3 x5 Sagat 4 x10 M. Bison On levels 1, 2 and 3 of Beat the Boss Free Spins, when the number of your opponent’s health points is reduced to 0, you advance to the next level. On level 4 of Beat the Boss Free Spins, when the number of your opponent’s health points is reduced to 0, a win of 100 times the bet is awarded, and Beat the Boss Free Spins end. There is no maximum number of Beat the Boss Free Spins. On any level of Beat the Boss Free Spins, having the number of your character’s health points reduced to 0 may activate the Insert Coin gamble feature (not available in all Casinos). If the Insert Coin gamble feature is not activated, the game returns to the Player Select screen. If the Insert Coin gamble feature is activated, you are given an option to use a certain portion of your Beat the Boss Free Spins winnings to restart the current level of Beat the Boss Free Spins. If you decide to use the Insert Coin gamble feature, the current level of Beat the Boss Free Spins is restarted, and the number of both characters’ health points is reset to 25. The Insert Coin gamble feature can only be activated once per Beat the Boss Free Spins. If you decide not to use the Insert Coin gamble feature, the Beat the Boss Free Spins end and the game returns to the Player Select screen. During Beat the Boss Free Spins, all cluster wins are multiplied by the current level Multiplier. At the end of Beat the Boss Free Spins, the total win from Beat the Boss Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Beat the Boss Free Spins. Car Smash Bonus Game Having the number of your character’s health points in a main game battle reduced to zero activates the Car Smash Bonus Game. The Car Smash Bonus Game is played at a bet equal to the average bet of the main game battle that activated the Car Smash Bonus Game. In the Car Smash Bonus Game, you take control of your character using the on-screen character control panel and/or the character control hotkeys to move your character and destroy the car. Alternatively, you can use the Quick Finish button. The goal of the Car Smash Bonus Game is to destroy a car. Destroying the car ends the Car Smash Bonus Game and awards a random win of 5 to 15 times the bet. At the end of the Car Smash Bonus Game, the total win from the Car Smash Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Car Smash Bonus Game. After the Car Smash Bonus Game ends, the game returns to the Player Select screen. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie: Turns the intro movie on or off. Quick Spin: Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin: Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash: Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Beat the Boss Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Beat the Boss Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06%. The maximum win from a single game is £500.000 The theoretical return to player for each of the characters is the following: Character Return to Player Ryu 96.02% Ken 96.06% E. Honda 96.05% Blanka 96.08% Dhalsim 96.04% Chun Li 96.08% Guile 96.04% Zangief 96.08% The theoretical return to player for the Insert Coin gamble feature is 98.7-100.00%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Cluster Pays Cluster Pays Avalanche Avalanche Wild Gauge Wild Gauge Wild Combo Wild Combo Insert Coin Insert Coin Beat the Boss Free Spins Beat the Boss Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Car Smash Bonus Game Car Smash Bonus Game Victory Victory Defeat Defeat Colossal Colossal Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win