Koi Princess Koi Princess™ Game Rules Koi Princess™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Random Features enabled for 1 spin, Bonus Features, Wild Substitutions, Bonus symbols and a Bonus Bet mode. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Bonus Wheel in the Bonus Feature mode. Random Features and Bonus Features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Bonus Bet A Bonus Bet option can be activated for each spin. Activating this option doubles the cost of a spin. Activating the Bonus Bet increases the probability of awarding a Random Feature and a Bonus Feature as well as changing values on the Bonus Wheel and increases sure coin wins for Sure Win Free Spins. The Bonus Bet does not change the current bet level and coin value. The Bonus Bet can be activated and deactivated during the main game and on Intro screen. Random Features During every spin in the main game, one of 4 Random Features can be activated. After the Random Feature has been activated, the player has to choose from 3 different options to see which Random Feature is activated. A Random Feature cannot be chosen automatically, even during Autoplay. The 4 possible Random Features are: 5-Hit, Random Wilds, Wild Reels and Bonus Game activation. The 5-Hit Random Feature awards the player 1 spin with a guaranteed 5-symbol win with a random symbol and bet line. 5 random symbols will overlay all the symbols on the bet line. To choose a random overlay symbol, click the designated area on the 5-Hit wheel that appears under the reels. If the “Spacebar to spin” function is activated, pressing the spacebar will stop the Bonus Wheel, the Bonus Feature Wheel and the 5-Hit Wheel. Alternatively, 5-Hit wheel will be stopped automatically in 30 seconds. The Random Wild Random Feature awards the player 1 spin with between 4 and 9 overlay Wilds placed randomly on the reels. The Wild Reels Random Feature awards a player 1 spin where between 2 and 5 reels become whole Wild Reels meaning an overlay Wild symbol covers the selected reels. The Bonus Activation Random Feature awards a player 1 spin where 3 Bonus symbols, but no line wins, are presented with 1 Bonus Feature awarded. Only one Random Feature can be activated per spin. Random Features can not be activated during Bonus Features. Random Features and Bonus Features can not be reactivated. At the end of Random and Bonus Features, the total win from these features is added to the round that activated the features. Bonus Features 3 Bonus symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 award a random Bonus Feature. If 2 Bonus symbols are on the reels after a spin concludes and any bet line wins awarded, a 3rd Bonus symbol can be nudged onto the reels from outside the visible reel set, awarding a Bonus Feature. To activate a Bonus Feature, click the designated area on the Bonus Feature Wheel that appears under the reels. The Bonus Feature Wheel stops automatically after 90 seconds if no player input was made. A Bonus Feature can also be activated subsequently from the awarding of a Random Feature (see Random Feature Section for full explanation). The 4 Bonus Features are: Sure Win Free Spins, Wild Reels Free Spins, Coin Win and the Bonus Wheel. Only one Bonus Feature can be activated on the Bonus Feature Wheel. A Bonus Feature can only be activated by a Random Feature if the Random Bonus Random Feature is won. Random Features and Bonus Features can not be reactivated. At the end of Random and Bonus Features, the total win from these features is added to the round that activated the features. Sure Win Free Spins In Sure Win Free Spins, a player is initially awarded 10 Sure Win Free Spins. During this Sure Win Free Spins Feature the win for each spin will be at least the same as the largest amount won during the Sure Win Free Spins session except for the first spin of the session where the sure win is the amount wagered by the player (20 coins multiplied by the bet level for the standard mode, 40 coins multiplied by the bet level for Bonus Bet mode). For spins 1 to 5 during Sure Win Free Spins, 1 overlay Wild is placed randomly on either reels 1, 2 or 3. After spin 5, an additional Wild is placed randomly on reels 3, 4 or 5. The position of the random Wilds is re-drawn for each spin. After each spin during Sure Win Free Spins the win is evaluated to see if it is higher than the sure win. If the win from a single spin during Sure Win Free Spins is less than or equal to the sure win amount, the sure win amount is awarded to the player instead. If the win from a single spin is greater than the sure win amount, the greater amount is awarded to the player and becomes the new sure win amount. An additional Sure Win Free Spin is also awarded. The Win compensation in game tracking is the difference between the sure win amount and the amount of coins the player won from a spin. Additional Sure Win Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Sure Win Free Spins. At the end of Sure Win Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Sure Win Free Spins. Wild Reels Free Spins In Wild Reels Free Spins, the player is awarded 10 Wild Reels Free Spins. Additional Wild Reels Free Spins cannot be won during this Bonus Feature. During the Wild Reels Free Spins feature, for each spin, between 1 and 5 random reels will be covered with overlay Wild symbols. Their amount and/or position on the reels is re-drawn after each spin. At the end of Wild Reels Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Wild Reels Free Spins. Coin Win The Coin Win Bonus Feature awards the player an instant coin win. The instant coin win amount is the current bet multiplied by a random multiplier (x10 - x30). Bonus Wheel The Bonus Wheel is a Bonus Game where the player can win coins and activate the 2 other Bonus Feature Free Spins game modes (Wild Reels Free Spins and Sure Win Free Spins). The Bonus Wheel is a 3-tiered wheel with each tier divided into 12 locations. The player clicks the dice to move around the wheel. Or alternatively, presses the spacebar, if the “Spacebar to spin” function is activated. The starting point for the player on the Bonus Wheel is on the outer tier at the 9 o'clock position. The player clicks the dice and the wheel rotates counter-clockwise corresponding to the number indicated on the dice. When the wheel stops on a symbol, an action is taken depending on the symbol landed on. The different symbols on the Bonus Wheel are: Start, x1 (when Bonus Bet is activated), x2, x3, x5 (when Bonus Bet is deactivated), Double Up, Collect, Arrow, Wild Reels Free Spins/Sure Win Free Spins and Jackpot Coin Win. The Start symbol is the starting point for the player. After the first roll of the dice, this symbol transforms into an arrow. The x2, x3 and x5 symbols award coin wins that are 2, 3 or 5 times the total bet. The Double-up symbol doubles all coin win multiplier amounts (except for coins already won) shown on the reels, including jackpot figures. This will be shown graphically on the reels. Landing on more than 1 Double-up symbol during the Bonus Game doubles the amounts again. After a Double-up symbol has been activated, it transforms into an arrow symbol. The Collect symbol ends the Bonus Game and awards any coins collected to that point. The Arrow symbol moves the Bonus Wheel 1 tier inwards and immediately executes the action associated with that location on the given tier before any roll of the diсe. If the arrow is located on tier 3, the Jackpot Coin Win is awarded. The Wild Reels Free Spins/Sure Win Free Spins symbol ends the Bonus Game, awards any coins collected to that point and additionally awards either the Wild Reels Free Spins or Sure Win Free Spins. The Jackpot Coin Win symbol is located in the center of the Bonus Wheel, and is displayed as a multiplier (multiplied is the bet that activated the Bonus game). The multiplier value is chosen randomly for each Bonus Wheel game. The minimum and maximum Jackpot multiplier values are x25 and x250 respectively. The Jackpot Coin win symbol awards the player the Jackpot coin win plus any coins collected to that point as well as ending the Bonus Wheel Bonus Feature. At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to activate or deactivate the Bonus Bet. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus feature is won . Stops Autoplay if Bonus Feature is won. If any feature is won . Stops Autoplay if any Feature is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00% The theoretical return to player for this game when the Bonus Bet is activated is 96.23% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Bonus Bonus 5-Hit 5-Hit Wild Reels Wild Reels Bonus Activation Bonus Activation Random Wilds Random Wilds Sure Win Free Spins Sure Win Free Spins Wild Reels Free Spins Wild Reels Free Spins Coin Win Coin Win Bonus Wheel Bonus Wheel Bonus Feature Wheel Bonus Feature Wheel Jackpot Coin Win Jackpot Coin Win Nudge Nudge Activated/Deactivated Activated/Deactivated Last modification date: 1/31/2017