Scudamore's Super Stakes Scudamore's Super Stakes is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 20 bet lines (fixed). The game features Random Wilds, Peter's Classic Cup, and a Bet Slip feature. In Peter's Classic Cup, the game becomes a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 32 bet lines (fixed). The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) in the main game, 1-10 bet levels with 10 coins per bet level. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols in the main game, but not for the Bet Slip symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wins from Peter's Classic Cup and Random Wilds are added to any bet line wins. Peter's Classic Cup and Random Wilds can be activated simultaneously in one spin and the Random Wild feature will be played first. Random Wilds Before each spin there is a chance the Random Wild feature is activated. Random Wilds can only be activated in the main game. The Random Wild feature is played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated the Random Wild. 2 to 5 horse shoe symbols are randomly placed on the reels turning the symbols they land on into Wilds. Random Wild symbols cannot land on top of other Random Wild symbols or Scatter symbols. Peter's Classic Cup 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game activate Peter's Classic Cup. In Peter's Classic Cup, the game becomes a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 32 bet lines (fixed). Peter's Classic Cup is played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Peter's Classic Cup. When Peter's Classic Cup is activated, the player is required to pick 1 of 4 horses that the player thinks will win the horse race. Each horse has a different bet multiplier associated with it that relates with its chances of winning the race. Each horse has 2 symbols that appear on the reels above the racetrack that are the same color as the outfit of the jockey associated with that horse: Divine Fortune: Red jockey and red A symbols, pays 5000 X the bet. Berry Max: Purple jockey and purple K symbols, pays 500 X the bet. Gonzo's Quest: Green jockey and green Q symbols, pays 100 X the bet. Tin Foil Hat: Blue jockey and blue J symbols, pays 50 X the bet. At the start of Peter's Classic Cup, all 4 horses are placed on the track. Whenever there is a win on the reels, the horse associated with the winning symbols advances 1 spot in the horse race. The horse that advances 4 spots first wins the race and Peter's Classic Cup ends. A horse cannot move more than 1 spot as a result of a single spin result. If there is a win with 2 different colors, 2 different horses can advance at the same time. Peter's Classic Cup has a maximum of 2 winning symbols, which means 2 horses can advance at the same time but only 1 horse can win the race. In the Race Position box, the horse the player picked is marked by a star and the player can follow which horse is in the lead. When the race is finished, the horse that won the race is highlighted and any wins are paid out. Peter's Classic Cup wins are added to the balance. Bet Slip The game also features a Bet Slip feature in the form of a side bet. The Bet Slip can only be purchased in the main game. The player can only have 1 Bet Slip at any chosen time. Once the Bet Slip is purchased it cannot be cancelled. The Bet Slip tracks how many times a selected symbol appears during a selected number of spins and pays the multiplier times the bet value. If the Wild symbol is selected in the Bet Slip and then added by the Random Wild feature, it is counted towards the Bet Slip. However, the Random Wild symbols will not substitute for other symbols when counting the symbols for the Bet Slip. Symbols landing during Peter's Classic Cup are not counted towards the Bet Slip. How to fill in the Bet Slip: Click the Bet Slip button on the right side of the game area. Select one of the symbols to collect. Select the number of spins, for example, Collect 7 in 10 Spins. Select the size of the bet you want to place in your local currency. If the required number of landing symbols is reached, the player is paid the multiplier times the bet value. Note: The odds are displayed as fractions when the playing currency is British Pound or American Dollar. The odds are displayed as decimals when the playing currency is not British Pound, American Dollar or Canadian Dollar. Some displayed odds are rounded down to make them easier to understand, however the exact amount will always be paid. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: If the Peter's Classic Cup is triggered during Autoplay, Autoplay will stop and the feature will be played manually. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.11%. The theoretical return to player for the Bet Slip is 96.12% - 96.99%. Symbols 10 Spins 20 Spins 40 Spins 80 Spins 96.50% 96.76% 96.57% 96.63% 96.84% 96.59% 96.75% 96.30% 96.12% 96.38% 96.87% 96.27% 96.15% 96.61% 96.95% 96.93% 96.80% 96.73% 96.72% 96.85% 96.76% 96.78% 96.24% 96.57% 96.88% 96.56% 96.87% 96.52% 96.46% 96.19% 96.82% 96.40% 96.92% 96.86% 96.55% 96.99% 96.57% 96.52% 96.22% 96.22% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Random Wild Random Wild Scatter Scatter Bet Slip Bet Slip Peter's Classic Cup Peter's Classic Cup Big Win! Big Win! Mega Win! Mega Win! Super Mega Win! Super Mega Win! Game rules generated: 2019-02-12 14:25:43