Dead or Alive 2 Game Overview Dead or Alive 2™ a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Scatter wins, Wild Substitution, Sticky Wild and 3 different Free Spins games. The game is played with 9 bet lines (fixed), 1-2 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. The game has multipliers during Free Spins and bet line win will also be multiplied by any applicable multiplier. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable . The Scatter symbol does not appear during Free Spins. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines won. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any bet line wins. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. If 3 or more Scatter symbols land on any reels in base game a choice of one of 3 different Free Spins games awarded: Old Saloon, High Noon Saloon and Train Heist. For each of the games 12 Free Spins are awarded initially. Collecting Wild symbols can award 5 Extra Free Spins once per Free Spins session. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 1000000 coins multiplied by the bet level. Old Saloon Free Spins All wins in Old Saloon Free Spins game are multiplied by 2. Wild symbols become Sticky Wild symbols during Old Saloon Free Spin. Free Spins sessions start with zero Sticky Wild symbols. Sticky Wild symbols hold their positions on the reels for the remainder of the Free Spins session. Sticky Wild symbols on the reels at the end of Free Spins are not transferred to the main game. During Free Spins, one or more Sticky Wild symbols appearing on each of the reels will activate 5 extra Free Spins. High Noon Saloon Free Spins Wild symbols become Sticky Wild symbols during High Noon Saloon Free Spins. Free Spins sessions start with zero Sticky Wild symbols. Whenever 2 Wild symbols land on the same reel they are transformed into Double Multiplier Wild symbols. Whenever 3 Wild symbols land on the same reel they are transformed into Triple Multiplier Wild symbols. Transformation of Wild symbols into Double Multiplier Wild or Triple Multiplier Wild symbols happens before the win evaluation. If a win includes several multiplier Wild symbols, each of the multipliers is applied. During Free Spins, one or more Sticky Wild symbols (including Double Multiplier Wild and Triple Multiplier Wild) appearing on each of the reels activate 5 extra Free Spins. Sticky Wild symbols on the reels at the end of Free Spins are not transferred to the main game. Train Heist Free Spins In Train Heist Free Spins there is a Multiplier and whenever a Wild symbol lands anywhere on the reels the Multiplier increases by 1 and 1 additional Free Spin is awarded. The Multiplier starts at x1. The Multiplier goes up after the win evaluation and is applied to the next spin. If the Multiplier reaches x16, 5 additional Free Spins are awarded (in addition to the usual 1 Free Spin which is added). Additional Wild symbols landing anywhere on the reels after Multiplier x16, will also give 1 additional Free Spin and will increase the Multiplier accordingly. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . During Autoplay the players need to select the Free Spins type and press the "Start" button. After completing the Free Spins, the Autoplay will continue. On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.8% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Double Multiplier Wild Double Multiplier Wild Triple Multiplier Wild Triple Multiplier Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Old Saloon Old Saloon High Noon Saloon High Noon Saloon Train Heist Train Heist Multiplier Multiplier Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Last modification date: 12/28/2021