TXS Holdem Professional Series Low Limit Game Rules The game is played with one 52-card deck, shuffled before each round. The Bet limit sign indicates the minimum and maximum Ante bet limit. The Flop bet is always exactly double the Ante bet. The Turn and River bets are always exactly equal to the Ante bet. Payouts are made according to the paytable. To view the Paytable, move the pointer over the MIN/MAX sign. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Play of Hand You make an Ante bet. Two cards are dealt face up to you, and two cards face down to the dealer. You must either make a Flop bet to continue or fold and surrender the Ante bet. Three community cards are dealt face up. You must either make a Turn bet to continue or check to continue without making an additional bet. A fourth community card is dealt face up. You must either make a River bet or check to continue without making an additional bet. A fifth community card is dealt face up. Showdown You and the dealer make the best 5-card poker hand using any combination of the 2 initial cards and the five community cards. The best 5-card poker hand wins. Hands of equal value are a tie. Standard 5-card poker hand rankings are used. There is no ranking among suits. Playing Help To make an Ante bet, select a chip and then click in the bet area. If there are arrows to the left and right of the chips, click these to see additional chip values. To remove a bet, select the delete chip and then click in the bet area. To start a hand, click DEAL . To continue the hand click action buttons. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Audio . Turn on or off all sounds. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Background music . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Speed . Increase or decrease game speed. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 99.37% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Paytable Paytable Player Player Win Win Tie Tie MIN/MAX MIN/MAX Last modification date: 12/17/2018