Theme Park: Tickets of Fortune™ Theme Park: Tickets of Fortune™ Game Rules Theme Park: Tickets of Fortune™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Stacked Wild substitutions, the Claw Feature and 6 Theme Park Bonus Games. The game is played with 50 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per 2 bet lines. Bet level 1 is 25 coins bet per 50 bet lines. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Stacked Wild Stacked Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. The Stacked Wild can cover 1, 2 or all positions on the reels. Stacked Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Scatter symbol, the Bonus symbol and the Claw symbol. Stacked Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Claw Feature The Claw symbol appears on reel 5 in the main game only. When the Claw symbol lands, the Claw grabs a toy from under the reels and a coin win is awarded to the player. The coin win amount is between 2 and 15 times the current bet amount. The coin win from the Claw Feature is added to any bet line wins. The coin payout values are based on bet level 1. Theme Park Ticket Game 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 3, 4 and 5 activate the Theme Park Ticket Game. The Theme Park Ticket Game can also be activated through the Theme Park Bonus Wheel (see the Theme Park Bonus Wheel section for full explanation). The Theme Park Ticket Game and the Theme Park Bonus Wheel cannot be simultaneously activated in the main game. In the Theme Park Ticket Game, the player wins tickets by stopping the Theme Park Ticket Wheel. Tickets won allow the player to enter the Theme Park Map to play one or several Theme Park Bonus Games. The Theme Park Ticket Wheel is a wheel divided into 12 positions. Each position awards different amount of tickets. The player stops the Theme Park Ticket Wheel by clicking the "Stop" button to win tickets. Alternatively, the Theme Park Ticket Wheel will be stopped automatically after 30 seconds. When the Theme Park Ticket Wheel stops at a position, the number of tickets indicated on that position is awarded to the player and the Theme Park Ticket Wheel spins again until no more spins remain. Initially, the player has 3 spins of the Theme Park Ticket Wheel. Some positions award extra spins in addition to the tickets won. When no more spins remain, the Theme Park Ticket Game ends. When the Theme Park Ticket Game ends, the player uses the tickets awarded on the Theme Park Map to play the Theme Park Bonus Games. The Theme Park Bonus Games cannot be activated automatically on the Theme Park Map. Each Theme Park Bonus Game costs a certain amount of tickets to play, as indicated on the Theme Park Map. The player continues playing the Theme Park Bonus Games until no more tickets remain. At the end of the Theme Park Bonus Games, the total win from the Theme Park Bonus Games is added to the round that activated the Theme Park Ticket Game. The Theme Park Ticket Game cannot be reactivated. Theme Park Bonus Wheel The Bonus symbol can appear on reel 5 in the main game only and activates the Theme Park Bonus Wheel. The Theme Park Ticket Game and the Theme Park Bonus Wheel cannot be simultaneously activated in the main game. The Theme Park Bonus Wheel is a wheel divided into 11 positions: 6 Theme Park Bonus Games positions, 4 coin win positions and the Theme Park Ticket Game position. The player stops the Theme Park Bonus Wheel by clicking the "Stop" button. Alternatively, the Theme Park Bonus Wheel will be stopped automatically after 30 seconds. If the Theme Park Bonus Wheel activates a Theme Park Bonus Game, the player plays the activated Theme Park Bonus Game regardless of its ticket cost. Only one Theme Park Bonus Game can be activated per spin of the Theme Park Bonus Wheel. If the Theme Park Bonus Wheel activates the Theme Park Ticket Game, the player plays the Theme Park Ticket Game (see the Theme Park Ticket Game section for full explanation). At the end of the Theme Park Bonus Games, the total win from the Theme Park Bonus Games is added to the round that activated the Theme Park Bonus Wheel. If the Theme Park Bonus Wheel lands on a coin win position, the player is awarded a coin win which is the current bet multiplied by the multiplier indicated on the position, and returns to the main game. The Theme Park Bonus Wheel cannot be reactivated. Theme Park Bonus Games The 6 Theme Park Bonus Games are: the Punchbag, the Sledgehammer, the Can Tower, the Skee Ball, the Fishing and the Duck Shoot. In the Punchbag Bonus Game, the player punches the Punchbag and is awarded a coin win between 2 and 25 times the current bet amount. In the Sledgehammer Bonus Game, the player bangs the Sledgehammer and is awarded a coin win between 1 and 100 times the current bet amount. In the Can Tower Bonus Game, the player is presented with 3 towers of 6 cans each. The player throws one ball at each tower to knock over the cans. Each can that is knocked down awards the player with a coin win which is the current bet multiplied by 2. If every can is knocked down, the player is awarded the All Can Towers Down coin win of 864 times the current bet amount in addition to the total coin win from all Can Towers. In the Skee Ball Bonus Game, the player throws 5 balls into pockets. Each pocket awards the player with a coin win which is the current bet multiplied by the number indicated on the pocket. In the Fishing Bonus Game, the player starts with 5 picks of fish. Each Fish awards the player with a coin win between 2 and 50 times the current bet amount. Some of the fish may also award additional picks. Up to 5 additional picks can be won. In the Duck Shoot Bonus Game, the player has 5 shots. Each Duck awards the player with a coin win between 1 and 50 times the current bet amount. In addition to the coin win, the multiplier is awarded. The Total Win Multiplier Meter starts at 1 at the beginning of the Duck Shoot Bonus Game. Each Duck may increase the Total Win Multiplier Meter by 1. The maximum multiplier for the Total Win Multiplier Meter is 4. At the end of the Duck Shoot Bonus Game, the final multiplier is applied to all coin wins won during the Duck Shoot Bonus Game. Theme Park Bonus Games can be activated in two ways: via the Theme Park Ticket Game and via the Theme Park Bonus Wheel. The Theme Park Bonus Games cannot be played automatically. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . If any Wheel is won . Stops Autoplay if any Wheel is won. On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.52% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Scatter Scatter Claw Claw Claw Feature Claw Feature Punchbag Punchbag Sledgehammer Sledgehammer Can Tower Can Tower SkeeBall Skee Ball Fishing Fishing Duck Shoot Duck Shoot Theme Park Map Theme Park Map Theme Park Bonus Game Theme Park Bonus Game Theme Park Bonus Wheel Theme Park Bonus Wheel Theme Park Ticket Game Theme Park Ticket Game Theme Park Ticket Wheel Theme Park Ticket Wheel Last modification date: 12/28/2021