Vikings Vikings Video Slot™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 243 betways video slot. The game features a Hotspot Feature, a Shield Wall Feature, a Raid Spins symbol and a Raid Spins mode with 3 Hotspots on reel 2, 3, and 4. In Raid Spins, the game becomes a 7-reel, 5-row, 78,125 betways video slot. The game is played with 243 Ways to Win (78,125 in Raid Spins), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 243 bet ways in the main game (78, 125 bet ways in Raid Spins), the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet way. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet way paid. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. The Hotspot and Shield Wall Features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the Hotspot and Shield Wall Features. The maximum total win in coins for each game round is capped at 200 000 multiplied by the bet level. If at any point the total win amount of the game round exceeds this value the game round will finish, regardless of whether or not there are Raid Spins remaining, and the win amount of the cap value is awarded. Bet way wins for Viking symbols can either be formed by single or stacked symbols or by mixing the two kinds. Hotspot Feature In the main game, there is a Hotspot that covers reel 3. When a fully stacked Viking symbol lands completely in the Hotspot area, all other Viking symbols in the play area outside of the Hotspot are transformed into the Viking symbol that landed in the Hotspot area. Any one of the 4 symbols with a face on it is a Viking symbol. After transformation, the Viking symbols are evaluated according to the Scatter Pays section in the Paytable with all Viking symbols displayed anywhere on the reels taken into consideration. Scatter Pays wins awards the amount displayed in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. Both single Viking symbols and stacked Viking symbols on the reels are transformed when the Hotspot Feature is activated. After all Viking symbols on the reels are transformed into the symbol in the Hotspot, all wins are evaluated and paid. No wins are paid after the initial activation of the Hotspot Feature. Shield Wall Feature In both the main game and in Raid Spins, the Shield Wall appears as a cluster of mystery symbols that appear on random areas of the reels. Once they have appeared, all wins are evaluated. The Shield Wall Feature can only be activated on a spin when no Hot Spot Feature or Raid Spins are activated or no win occurs. The symbols that can be selected for the Shield Wall Feature are any of the Viking symbols with a face appearing on them. The Shield Wall Feature appears as either a cluster of 3x2 or 5x2 symbols. Raid Spins Three Raid Spin symbols appearing on reels 3, 4 and 5 in the main game activate Raid Spins. In Raid Spins, the game transforms into a 7-reel, 5-row, 78,125 betways playing area. Seven Raid Spins are awarded with 3 Hotspots on reels 3, 4, and 5. When a fully stacked Viking symbol lands completely in one or more of the Hotspot areas, all other Viking symbols in the play area outside of the Hotspots and inside the Hotspots are transformed into the same Viking symbol that landed fully stacked in the Hotspot area. If 2 or 3 fully stacked symbols land in the Hotspots, the symbol furthest to the left will be the one that all of the other Viking symbols inside and outside of the Hotspot transform into. During Raid Spins, wins after a Hotspot transformation can pay both Scatter Pays and Bet ways coinciding on a spin. For those scenarios the wins are evaluated separately and then added together. In Raid Spins, the Shield Wall can be activated after the payout for a Raid Spins spin is evaluated in case of a win or before the completion of the spin if there are no wins already on that spin but never on a spin when the Hotspot transformation occurs. In Raid Spins, the Shield Wall size will either by 4x2, 5x2 or 5x3 symbols. Raid Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Raid Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Raid spins added to any wins from the round that activated Raid Spins. Raid Spins can not be re-activated during Raid Spins and no additional Raid Spins spins can be awarded during Raid Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Raid Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Raid Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.05% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Raid Spins Raid Spins Hotspot Feature Hotspot Feature Shield Wall Feature Shield Wall Feature Scatter Pays Scatter Pays Scatter Scatter Hot Spot Hotspot Viking Viking Shield Wall Shield Wall Last modification date: 12/28/2021