Long Pao Long Pao™ is a 25-line, 3-row video slot with 15 independent reels. The game features Sticky Wins™, Free Spins, and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet line wins are multiplied by the number of coins bet per bet line. All wins are shown in coins. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. In both the main game and during the Free Spins, Wild symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spin symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Sticky Wins™ Feature A winning bet line, or 3 or more Free Spin symbols activate the Sticky Wins™ feature. The reels with winning symbols are held and all other reels re-spin for a chance of bigger wins. The reels keep re-spinning as long as there are new wins. When no new wins are generated and Sticky Wins™ end, all active wins are paid. Free Spins The number of Free Spins won is according to the Paytable. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. Free spin coin wins are tripled (x3). Excludes additional Free spins. Additional Free Spins won are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history. Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Note: Some operators may not offer all of the listed game settings. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Scatter Scatter Sticky Win Sticky Win Wild wild Last modification date: 10/14/2020