Milkshake XXXTreme – Netent Milkshake™ XXXtreme is a 6-reel, 6-row video slot with the Scatter Pays mechanic. The game has the Avalanche™ feature, the Milkshake feature with an increasing Multiplier, and the Booster feature with Multiplier and Color Boosters. The game is played with scattered combinations of symbols and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. 8 or more of the same symbols appearing anywhere on the reels award a scattered win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Only the highest win per scattered combination is paid. Simultaneous scattered wins from combinations of different symbols are added. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible win on a scattered combination according to the Paytable. Wild symbols award a win only in combination with other symbols. Wild symbols completely filling the reels award the highest possible scattered win according to the Paytable. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. A scattered win starts an Avalanche. All symbols in winning scattered combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Milkshake Feature In the Milkshake feature, one Milkshake is added to the play area at the start of each spin replacing any Milkshakes from the previous spin. Each Milkshake added to the play area is randomly assigned one of the four colors (red, green, orange, or blue), a Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30, x40, x50, x75, or x100, and a starting number of points ranging from 2 to 12. A winning scattered combination of symbols disappearing from the reels increases the number of points in all Milkshakes of the same color as the disappearing symbols by the number of symbols in the combination. When the number of points in a Milkshake reaches 20 or more, it disappears from the play area, and two new random Milkshakes are added to the play area up to a maximum of 4. After there are 4 Milkshakes on the play area, each of them that reaches 20 points or more is replaced with a new one, but no additional Milkshakes appear. At the end of each spin, the total win from the spin is multiplied by the sum of Multipliers of all Milkshakes that have disappeared from the play area during the spin. Booster Feature In the Booster feature, a Multiplier Booster or a Color Booster is randomly applied to any Milkshake added to the play area at the start of the spin or after the Avalanche. A Multiplier Booster applied to a Milkshake replaces its Multiplier with a Multiplier of a higher value (x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30, x40, x50, x75, or x100). A Color Booster applied to a Milkshake replaces it with a Rainbow Milkshake with the same Multiplier and the same number of points. Any winning scattered combination of symbols of any color disappearing from the reels increases the number of points in all Rainbow Milkshakes on the play area by the number of symbols in the combination. XXXTREME SPINS You can activate XXXtreme Spins to guarantee the appearance of 1 or 2 Wild symbols and 2 or 4 Milkshakes on the play area at the start of the spin for a higher bet. Activating XXXtreme Spins costs 10 times the bet for 1 Wild symbol and 2 guaranteed Milkshakes of different colors (red, green, orange, or blue) to appear on the play area at the start of the spin. Activating XXXtreme Spins costs 95 times the bet for 2 Wild symbols and 4 guaranteed Milkshakes of different colors (red, green, orange, and blue) to appear on the play area at the start of the spin. Each Milkshake added to the play area is randomly assigned a Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30, x40, x50, x75, or x100, and a starting number of points ranging from 2 to 12. XXXtreme Spins remain active until you deactivate them. Game Functions The table below lists different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Return to Player The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.04% The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins with 2 Milkshakes and 1 Wild symbol is 96.01%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins with 4 Milkshakes and 2 Wild symbols is 96.05%. Note: Game History always shows the theoretical return to player for this game without activated XXXtreme Spins.. Last modification date: 9/21/2023