Santa vs Rudolf Game Rules Santa vs Rudolf™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, video slot featuring Wild substitutions, 2 Bonus features, a Re-spin mode and Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), Win Both Ways and different bet values. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Santa's Gifts. Bonus feature wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Bonus features are played at the same bet value as the round that activated them. Wild Re-Spins Wild Symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 in the main game and all reels during Free Spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. After a Wild symbol appears on the reels and all bet wins are awarded for that spin, each Wild shifts one place horizontally on the reels and a Re-Spin is awarded. Wilds that shift horizontally during Re-Spins are called Walking Wilds. There are 2 different types of Walking Wild symbols: Santa Wilds and Rudolf Wilds. Rudolf Wilds appear on reel 1 and move horizontally one reel to the right at the start of each re-spin while Santa Wilds appear on reel 5 and move one place to the left at the start of each re-spin. If a Santa Wild and a Rudolf Wild are in the same position on the reels, the Wilds will lock into that position and merge together. At the end of the current spin and after any potential bet line wins are awarded, Free Spins are activated. After Free Spins, any Wilds not part of the Wild interaction that activated the Free Spins remain on the reels and continue to activate re-spins until they disappear from the reels. The Wilds that activated Free Spins disappear on the next spin and no more re-spins are activated. Free Spins A Santa Wild and a Rudolf Wild merging together on the reels in the main game activates 10 Free Spins. The maximum amount of Free Spins that can be activated at the same time in the main game are 30. During Free Spins both Santa and Rudolf Wilds can appear anywhere on the reels. If Santa and Rudolf Wilds merge during Free Spins, an additional 4 Free Spins will be added. As with the main game, after this merging occurs, the Wilds that activated the Free Spins will disappear from the reels. During Free Spins, 2 meters appear above the reels. The meters correspond to the Wilds that appear on the reels during Free Spins. When a Santa or Rudolf Wild moves off the reels it fills 1 space on the corresponding meter. Each meter has 8 spaces. If 1 of the meters is filled before Free Spins ends, a corresponding bonus feature is awarded that starts at the end of the Free Spin session. If 1 of the Santa's Gifts or Rudolf Spins meters become full, it is not possible for the other meter to fill up. Bonus Features When either the Santa's Gifts or Rudolf Spins meters are filled during Free Spins, the corresponding bonus feature is activated and starts when Free Spins end. There are 2 bonus features: Rudolf Spins or Santa's Gifts. The Rudolf Spins is activated when the Rudolf Spins meter is filled while the Santa's Gifts is activated when the Santa's Gifts Meter is filled. In Santa's Gifts there are 3 item sets where a player clicks on 1 of 5 items to reveal their prize. The 5 items that a player chooses from in each set are: 3 coin wins of various amounts, 1 multiplier increase and 1 end of stage item. When a player picks a coin win it is added to their running coin total for the Santa's Gifts. The player can have another pick from the remaining items in the current set. The multiplier starts at 1 at the beginning of the Santa's Gifts. When a player picks the multiplier increase symbol the multiplier increases by 1. Player may then make another pick from the remaining items in their set. At the end of the Santa's Gifts, all collected coin wins from the Santa's Gifts are multiplied by the final multiplier amount. The maximum possible multiplier is 4. When a player clicks on an end of stage item they end the current stage and move onto the next one. If the player clicks on the end of stage item while in stage 3 the Santa's Gifts ends. The first item chosen in Stage 1 cannot be an end of stage item. The Rudolf Spins bonus feature consists of 3 spins where 5 randomly placed Reindeer Wilds appear on the reels. The 5 Reindeer Wilds will appear in random positions for each spin during this bonus feature. During the Rudolf Spins bonus feature, no Wilds are on the reel set before the 5 random Reindeer Wilds appear on the reels. The maximum win in the Santa's Gifts is 37,600 coins. The maximum win for each spin during the Rudolf Spins is 90000 coins. As there are 3 spins the total maximum win is 270000 coins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to access the game settings and game information. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to select the number of Autoplay rounds. If Autoplay rounds have been selected, the remaining number of rounds is display on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to open the game rules. Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value: regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Show bet in cash. Click to show bet in cash instead of coins Intro Screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Santa's Gifts or Rudolf Spins are won. Stops Autoplay if the Santa's Gifts or Rudolf Spins are won before the set number of autoplay rounds. Stop if Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.35% Translations of Game Terminology The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Autoplay Autoplay Bonus Game Bonus Game Re-Spin Re-Spin Santa's Gifts Santa's Gifts Rudolf Spins Rudolf Spins Walking Wild Walking Wild Reindeer Wild Reindeer Wild Game rules generated: