Butterfly Staxx Butterfly Staxx™ Game Rules Butterfly Staxx™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-line (fixed) video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Re-Spins and Butterfly Spins. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per 2 bet lines. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Re-Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Re-Spins Whenever a stack of Butterfly symbols lands covering the entire reel, the Re-Spins are activated. All Butterfly symbols fly to the leftmost position on the same row not already occupied by a Butterfly symbol and remain on the reels until the end of the Re-Spins. Before the Re-Spins start, any bet line wins from the round that activated the Re-Spins are paid. All Butterfly symbols landing visible on the reels during the Re-Spin fly to the leftmost position on the same row not already occupied by a Butterfly symbol, award another Re-Spin and remain on the reels until the end of the Re-Spins. Butterfly symbols landing behind the Butterfly symbols are not considered visible. When no more Butterfly symbols land visible on the reels during the Re-Spin, Re-Spins end and any bet line wins are paid out. Any Re-Spins wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Butterfly Spins and Re-Spins cannot be activated simultaneously. Butterfly Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Butterfly Spins. 3 Scatters = 5 Butterfly Spins 4 Scatters = 6 Butterfly Spins 5 Scatters = 7 Butterfly Spins During Butterfly Spins, only Cocoon symbols can land on the reels. Cocoon symbols can be dormant or active. Active Cocoon symbols landing visible on the reels turn into Butterfly symbols. All Butterfly symbols fly to the leftmost position on the same row not already occupied by a Butterfly symbol, all bet line wins are added to the total win, and the Butterfly symbols remain on the reels until the end of the Butterfly Spins. Additional Butterfly Spins cannot be won during Butterfly Spins. Butterfly Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Butterfly Spins. At the end of Butterfly Spins, any wins from Butterfly Spins are added to any wins from the round that activated Butterfly Spins. At the end of Butterfly Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Butterfly Spins. Butterfly Spins and Re-Spins cannot be activated simultaneously. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Butterfly Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Butterfly Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.80% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Butterfly Butterfly Cocoon Cocoon Butterfly Spins Butterfly Spins Re-Spins Re-Spins Last modification date: 1/18/2023