Twin Spin Megaways Twin Spin™ Megaways™ is a 6-reel Megaways™ video slot with the Twin Reel feature, Free Spins and the Avalanche™ feature. The game is played with up to 117649 Megaways™, different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Megaways™ During every spin in the main game and Free Spins, the number of symbols landing on each reel is selected randomly. The number of symbols landing on each reel ranges from 2 to 7. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a Megaways™ win. A Megaways™ win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. When winning combinations are evaluated, each symbol on the reel is counted once regardless of its size on the reel, except for the symbols with a Multiplier. More wins are awarded when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest Megaways™ win. During each spin, the number of Megaways™ is equal to the number of symbols on each of the reels multiplied. The maximum number of Megaways™ is 117649. The total number of Megaways™ for the spin is displayed on the Megaways™ counter. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous Megaways™ wins on different combinations are added. Megaways™ Payout Example When playing with coins at level 1, 4 matching Cherry symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 6 coins. To count the number of winning Megaways™, the number of occurrences of the Cherry symbol on each reel is multiplied. Wild Multipliers add 2 occurrences of the symbol on each of the twin reels: 1 x 1 x (1+2) x (1+2) = 9. Since 4 matching Cherry symbols award 6 coins, the total win is: 9 x 6 = 54 coins. When playing with cash, the Megaways™ payout follows the same logic as when playing with coins, and the calculated outcome depends on the current bet value. Twin Reel Feature In the Twin Reel feature, two or more adjacent reels are randomly chosen at the start of each spin in the main game and in Free Spins to be identical twin reels, linked together for the duration of the spin. During Avalanches, different symbols can appear on twin reels. The number of twin reels linked together is random and occurs independently for each spin. Avalanche™ Feature A winning combination starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. During an Avalanche, symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. During an Avalanche, different symbols can appear on twin reels. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning Megaways™ combination according to the Paytable. In Free Spins, Wild symbols can have an x2 or x3 Multiplier. When a Wild symbol with an x2 or x3 Multiplier becomes a part of a winning combination, it increases the number of occurrences of the winning symbol on the reel it appears on by 2 or 3 respectively. There can only be one Wild Multiplier appearing on the reels at the same time, except when it appears on the twin reels. Wild Multipliers get multiplied if more than one is a part of a win. Wild Multipliers can only appear on the reels if the number of twin reels is no higher than 4. Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 15 Free Spins. 5 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins activate 15 additional Free Spins. If more than 5 Scatter symbols appear on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins, each additional Scatter symbol adds one extra Free Spin. If 5 or more Scatter symbols land on the reels before or during an Avalanche, Free Spins begin after all the Avalanches are finished. In Free Spins, there are always 7 symbols on each of the twin reels. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.04%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Multiplier Multiplier Twin Reel Twin Reel Megaways Megaways Way Way Avalanche Avalanche Free Spins Free Spins Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Game rules generated: