The Invisible Man The Invisible Man™ Game Rules The Invisible Man™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, video slot featuring Wild substitutions, 2 bonus features, a re-spin mode and Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels, Win Both Ways and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Griffin's Rage Bonus Game. Bonus feature wins in currency are equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bonus feature wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Bonus features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Wild Re-spins After a Wild symbol appears on the reels and all bet wins are awarded for that spin, each Wild shifts one place horizontally on the reels and a Re-Spin is awarded. Wilds that shift horizontally during Re-Spins are called Walking Wilds. There are 2 different types of Walking Wild symbols: Police Wilds and Griffin Wilds. Police Wilds appear on reel 1 and move horizontally one reel to the right at the start of each re-spin while Griffin Wilds appear on reel 5 and move one place to the left at the start of each re-spin. If a Griffin Wild and a Police Wild are in the same position on the reels, the Wilds will lock into that position and merge together. At the end of the current spin and after any potential bet line wins are awarded, Free Spins are activated. After Free Spins, any Wilds not part of the Wild interaction that activated the Free Spins remain on the reels and continue to activate re-spins until they disappear from the reels. The Wilds that activated Free Spins disappear on the next spin and no more re-spins are activated. Free Spins A Police Wild and a Griffin Wild merging together on the reels in the main game activates 10 Free Spins. The maximum amount of Free Spins that can be activated at the same time in the main game are 30. During Free Spins both Griffin and Police Wilds can appear anywhere on the reels. If Griffin and Police Wilds merge during Free Spins, an additional 4 Free Spins will be added. As with the main game, after this merging occurs, the Wilds that activated the Free Spins will disappear from the reels. During Free Spins, 2 meters appear above the reels. The meters correspond to the Wilds that appear on the reels during Free Spins. When a Griffin or Police Wild moves off the reels it fills 1 space on the corresponding meter. Each meter has 8 spaces. If 1 of the meters is filled before Free Spins ends, a corresponding bonus feature is awarded that starts at the end of the Free Spin session. If 1 of the Bonus Game or Police Spins meters become full, it is not possible for the other meter to fill up. Bonus Features When either the Bonus Game or Police Spins meters are filled during Free Spins, the corresponding bonus feature is activated and starts when Free Spins end. There are 2 bonus features: a Police Spins feature or a Griffin's Rage Bonus Game. The Police Spins bonus feature is activated when the Police Spins meter is filled while the Griffin's Rage bonus feature is activated when the Bonus Game Meter is filled. The Griffin's Rage Bonus Game takes place in 3 locations where a player clicks on 1 of 5 items to reveal their prize. The 5 items that a player chooses from in each location are: 3 coin wins of various amounts, 1 multiplier increase and 1 end of stage item. When a player picks a coin win it is added to their running coin total for the Bonus Game. The player can have another pick from the remaining items in the location they are in. The multiplier starts at 1 at the beginning of the Bonus Game. When a player picks the multiplier increase symbol their multiplier increases by 1. They may then make another pick from the remaining items in their location. At the end of the Bonus Game, all collected coin wins from the Bonus Game are multiplied by the final multiplier amount. The maximum possible multiplier is 4. When a player clicks on an end of stage item they end the current stage and move onto the next one. If the player clicks on the end of stage item while in stage 3 the Bonus Game ends. The first item chosen in Stage 1 cannot be an end of stage item. The Police Spins bonus feature consists of 3 spins where 5 randomly placed Burning Wilds appear on the reels. The 5 Burning Wilds will appear in random positions for each spin during this bonus feature. During the Police Spins bonus feature, no Wilds are on the reel set before the 5 random Burning Wilds appear on the reels. The maximum win in the Griffin's Rage Bonus Game is 37,600 coins. The maximum win for each spin during the Police Spins feature is 90000 coins. As there are 3 spins the total maximum win is 270000 coins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turn the intro film on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. On feature Win . Stops Autoplay when the feature is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Te Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Autoplay Autoplay Paytable Paytable Bonus Bonus Bonus Game Bonus Game Re-Spin Re-Spin Griffin's Rage Griffin's Rage Police Spins Police Spins Walking Wild Walking Wild Burning Wilds Burning Wilds Last modification date: 10/14/2020