Irish Pot Luck Irish Pot Luck™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Pot Luck feature, Free Spins and the Jackpot Wheel feature. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing in coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all Casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin/cash wins, except for the Jackpot Wheel wins, pay on bet lines only. Multiplier In the main game and in Free Spins, all bet line wins are multiplied by a random Multiplier that is selected each spin. In the main game, the possible Multiplier values are x1, x2, x3 or x5. In Free Spins, the possible Multiplier values are x2, x4, x7 or x15. Pot Luck feature, Jackpot symbols, Scatter symbols and Wild symbols During each spin in the main game and in Free Spins, the Pot Luck feature may be activated. In the Pot Luck feature, up to 5 Wild symbols and up to 3 Scatter symbols or Jackpot symbols may be placed randomly on the reels. Wild symbols cannot be placed over Scatter symbols or Jackpot symbols. Scatter symbols and Jackpot symbols cannot be placed over other Scatter symbols and Jackpot symbols. Scatter symbols and Jackpot symbols can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game and in Free Spins. Scatter symbols and Jackpot symbols cannot appear simultaneously on the same reel. Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols and Jackpot symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins activate 10 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Jackpot Wheel feature 3 Jackpot symbols landing on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate the Jackpot Wheel feature. The Jackpot Wheel is a 3-tiered wheel. Each tier is divided into several sectors. Tier 1 spins first. The following awards can be won on the tiers of the Jackpot Wheel: Arrow: Spins the next tier of the Jackpot Wheel. Multiplier: Awards a win of 2.5 or 10 times the bet. Mini Jackpot, Mini Jackpot x2, Mini Jackpot x3. Midi Jackpot, Midi Jackpot x2. Mega Jackpot. Mini Jackpot awards a win equal to 20 times the bet. Midi Jackpot awards a win equal to 100 times the bet. Mega Jackpot awards a win equal to 5000 times the bet. Unless the Arrow is won, the Jackpot Wheel feature ends after the tier is spun and the wins are evaluated. The Jackpot Wheel feature is played at the same bet as the round that activated the Jackpot Wheel feature. At the end of the Jackpot Wheel feature, the game returns to the round that activated the Jackpot Wheel feature. If the Jackpot Wheel feature was activated during Free Spins, the remaining Free Spins are played after the Jackpot Wheel feature ends. At the end of the Jackpot Wheel feature, the total win from the Jackpot Wheel feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Jackpot Wheel feature. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If Jackpot Wheel is won . Stops Autoplay when Jackpot Wheel is won. If Jackpot is won . Stops Autoplay when Jackpot is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Multiplier Multiplier Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Pot Luck Pot Luck Jackpot Jackpot Jackpot Wheel Jackpot Wheel Mini Mini Midi Midi Mega Mega Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Game rules generated: Last modification date: 12/28/2021