Copy Cats Game Rules Copy Cats™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25-line (fixed) video slot featuring Free Spins, Bonus symbols, Wild substitutions, Stacked symbols, Stacked Wilds and a Copy Cats feature. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Copy Cats feature wins are added to the balance. Copy Cats Feature There are four different types of cat symbols: a red cat, a pink cat, a blue cat and a golden cat. The golden cat symbolizes the Wild symbol. A full stack of any of the cat symbols or a Stacked Wild covering all positions on reel 1 in the main game, activates the Copy Cats feature. A Stacked symbol is a symbol that covers 3 positions on a reel. In the Copy Cats feature, all cat symbols appearing on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only, turn into the same cat symbol as the one that activated the feature. All cat symbols return to their original state at the beginning of the next spin. Free Spins 3 Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 only, in the main game, activate 10 Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols = 10 Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded is according to the Paytable. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 an 5 only, in Free Spins, activate 10 additional Free Spins. During Free Spins there are no cat symbols on reel 1, except for the golden cat (the Wild symbol). The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. Wild Symbol A full Stacked Wild symbol covering all positions on reel 1 in Free Spins, activates the Copy Cats feature, turning all cat symbols into Wild symbols. A Stacked Wild symbol is a Wild symbol that covers 3 positions on a reel. All cat symbols return to their original state at the beginning of the next spin. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.76% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Free Spins Free Spins Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Stacked Bonus Bonus Game rules generated: Last modification date: 5/23/2017