Strolling Staxx Cubic Fruits Strolling Staxx: Cubic Fruits™ Game Rules Strolling Staxx: Cubic Fruits™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 10 line (fixed) video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Colossal symbols, Bonus Bet with Extra Chance and Strolling Staxx Re-Spins. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear as stacks or Colossal symbols anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Strolling Staxx Re-Spins, and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Colossal Symbols Any symbol can appear as a single symbol or a 2x3 or 3x3 Colossal symbol. Colossal symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Strolling Staxx Re-Spins. Colossal symbols are fully or partially displayed depending on how the reels land. After landing, the Colossal symbol splits into 2 to 9 single symbols. Any part of a Colossal symbol included in a winning bet line pays according to the Paytable. Strolling Staxx Re-Spins If one or more reel is covered with the same symbol, creating a stack of symbols, Strolling Staxx Re-Spins are activated. The Staxx Sign shows the symbol that can land covering an entire reel during each spin. Wild symbols do not substitute for any other symbol for creating a stack of symbols. During the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins all stacks of symbols and connected symbols move one reel to the left on each spin until all stacks disappear from the leftmost reel. A symbol is connected to the stack if it is the same symbol as the stack and is adjacent to the stack or a reel with a connected symbol. Example of connected symbols: After each Strolling Staxx Re-Spin the wins are evaluated. If during the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins more stacks of symbols appear on the reels, Strolling Staxx Re-Spins are re-activated. When the last stack of symbols disappears from the leftmost reel, the reels re-spin one more time. If during this Strolling Staxx Re-Spin no more stacks of symbols appear on the reels, the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins end. Strolling Staxx Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins. The Total Win field includes any wins during the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins added to any wins from the round that activated the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins. Bonus Bet & Extra Chance If Bonus Bet is activated, the game is played with 15 coins per bet level and the Extra Chance can be activated. The Extra Chance is activated when Strolling Staxx Re-Spins are activated not by landing a 3x3 Colossal symbol. Any bet line wins are evaluated before the Extra Chance spin. During the Extra Chance, overlay 3x3 Colossal symbols can fully or partially land on the reels. After the Extra Chance spin, no wins are evaluated and the Strolling Staxx Re-Spins start. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to activate/deactivate the Bonus Bet. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.98% / 95.95% (Bonus Bet). Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Colossal Colossal Strolling Staxx Re-Spins Strolling Staxx Re-Spins Bonus Bet Bonus Bet Extra Chance Extra Chance Staxx Sign Staxx Sign Game rules generated: 2018-12-07 12:12:13