Mercy Of The Gods Mercy of the Gods™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line (fixed) video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Gift of Life Re-Spins with Gift of Double Wilds, Free Spins and a Gift of Wealth Jackpot. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins during the Gift of Wealth Jackpot. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Gift of Life Re-Spins & Gift of Double Wilds In the main game and Free Spins, one or more Wild symbols landing on the reels activate Gift of Life Re-Spins after the wins are evaluated. In Gift of Life Re-Spins, each Wild symbol moves one row down on each spin until all Wild symbols disappear from the reels. After each Gift of Life Re-Spin the wins are evaluated. If during the Gift of Life Re-Spins more Wild symbols appear on the reels, Gift of Life Re-Spins are re-activated. When the last Wild symbol disappears from the reels, the reels re-spin one more time. If during this Gift of Life Re-Spin no more Wild symbols appear on the reels, the Gift of Life Re-Spins end. Gift of Life Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated the Gift of Life Re-Spins. Gift of Life Re-Spins wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Gift of Double Wilds A Wild symbol landing behind another Wild symbol in the Gift of Life Re-Spins expands to cover the entire reel and re-activates the Gift of Life Re-Spins after the wins are evaluated. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game or Gift of Life Re-Spins activate Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols = 5 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 8 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols = 12 Free Spins In Free Spins, a Wild symbol landing anywhere on the reels expands to cover the entire reel and activates the Gift of Life Re-Spins after the wins are evaluated. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The Total Win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. If Free Spins are activated during the Gift of Life Re-Spins, Free Spins are played first, and then the Gift of Life Re-Spins continue. Gift of Wealth Jackpot Bonus symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and the Gift of Life Re-Spins. 3 or more Bonus symbols collected during the main game and Gift of Life Re-Spins activate the Gift of Wealth Jackpot after the Gift of Life Re-Spins end and the wins are evaluated. Gift of Wealth Jackpot is not played automatically. Gift of Wealth Jackpot is a 5-reel, 3-row game with each position being a separate reel. At the start of the Gift of Wealth Jackpot all collected Bonus symbols are randomly placed on the reels. Gift of Wealth Jackpot starts with 3 spins. One or more Bonus symbols landing on the reels during a Gift of Wealth Jackpot spin reset the number of Gift of Wealth Jackpot spins to 3. Bonus symbols landing on the reels remain on the reels until the end of the Gift of Wealth Jackpot. Each Bonus symbol has a random coin value of 10-200 times the bet level. When no more spins remain, the Gift of Wealth Jackpot ends and the wins are evaluated. One of three Jackpots can be won in the Gift of Wealth Jackpot: The Minor Jackpot is awarded if one row is completely filled with Bonus symbols. The Minor Jackpot is fixed and awards 20 times the bet of the round that activated the Gift of Wealth Jackpot. The Major Jackpot is awarded if two rows are completely filled with Bonus symbols. The Major Jackpot is fixed and awards 100 times the bet of the round that activated the Gift of Wealth Jackpot. The Mega Jackpot is awarded if three rows are completely filled with Bonus symbols. The Mega Jackpot is progressive. The Total Win field includes any wins during the Gift of Wealth Jackpot added to any wins from the round that activated the Gift of Wealth Jackpot. The total win from the Gift of Wealth Jackpot in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. At the end of the Gift of Wealth Jackpot, the game returns to the round that activated the Gift of Wealth Jackpot. Jackpot Rules The Mega Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player a portion of the bet is added to the Mega Jackpot. Progressive Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second jackpot is the new re-seeded jackpot. All players playing the game when a jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable. There will be no contributions or claims towards the Jackpot. The Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the casino server. The Jackpot is denominated in Euro and the Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. The currency conversion is based on currency exchange rates provided by SIX - the financial information provider. If you win a Jackpot and are playing casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. Mercy of the Gods™ contains Minor, Major and Mega Jackpots. The following contributions are made from each bet: 3.7% of the bet is contributed to the MEGA Jackpot. 20% of the contributions are set aside for the next Jackpot. The next Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 10,000 Euro plus the 20% set aside. The current Jackpot amount for each type of jackpot is displayed at the top of the game. The Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to start a Gift of Wealth Jackpot round, all spins are free (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history. Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.64%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Gift of Life Re-Spins Gift of Life Re-Spins Gift of Double Wilds Gift of Double Wilds Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Bonus Bonus Gift of Wealth Jackpot Gift of Wealth Jackpot Jackpot Jackpot Last modification date: 12/31/2021