Who's the Bride Touch Who's the Bride Touch™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 9-bet line multiple-coin video slot featuring Scatter wins, Free Spins, Wild substitutes, and a Sticky Wild feature during Free Spins. You can play 9 bet lines at 1 to 4 bet levels. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. The Scatter symbol does not appear during Free Spins. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines won. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the Paytable. Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any bet line wins. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. All wins from Free Spins including re-triggered Free Spins, pay X2. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 12 Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Sticky Wilds Wild symbols become Sticky Wild symbols during Free spins. Sticky Wild symbols hold their positions on the reels for the remainder of the Free Spins session. During Free Spins, one or more Sticky Wild symbols appearing on all the reels only activate 5 extra Free Spins. Sticky Wild symbols on the reels at the end of Free Spins are not transferred to the main game. Free Spins sessions start with zero Sticky Wild symbols. Re-triggered Free Spins keep the Sticky Wild symbols from the triggering Free Spins session. Free Spins can be re-triggered once per Free Spin session. Main Game Spin Button Tap to start playing at the current bet lines, bet level and coin value. In landscape mode, touch the game area to hide the Spin button. Quick Stop : Tap the game area during a spin to stop the reels. In portrait mode, tapping the Spin button also stops the reels. Menu Tap to access the game settings and game information. Sound Tap to turn Sound on or off without going to the settings menu. Quick settings menu Tap the plus sign to access the Quick settings menu. Quick Spin Tap to turn Quick spin on or off without going to the settings menu. Autoplay Tap to turn Autoplay on or off without going to the settings menu. Sets 50 rounds by default. Exit Tap to leave the game. Game Settings and Game Information Sound Settings · Game sounds : Tap the switch to turn sounds on or off. Spin Settings Autoplay : Drag or tap the slider to enable Autoplay to set the autoplay settings and the number of rounds. Autoplay plays the game for the selected number of spins. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Quick spin : Tap the switch to turn Quick spin on or off. Left Hand Mode : Tap to turn the left hand mode on or off. Bet Settings Bet in cash : Shows your bet amount in selected currency. Bet in coins : Shows your bet amount in coins. Bet level : Drag or tap the slider to select the number of coins to bet per bet line. Coin value : Drag or tap the slider to select the coin value. Paytable Tap to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Rules Tap to view the game rules. Game history Tap to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Back Tap to go back to the main game. Autoplay and Quick Spin Autoplay Tap to start Autoplay. The number of spins selected is displayed on the button. Stop Autoplay Tap to stop Autoplay. The number of spins remaining is displayed on the button. Quick Spin Tap to start Quick spin. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.82%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Multiplier Multiplier