Cosmic Fortune™ Game Overview Cosmic Fortune™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 15-line video slot with a Jackpot Game with 5 different Jackpots, 2 Bonus Games, Avalanche™ feature, Free Falls, Scatter symbols and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 15 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet line wins, and Coin Win Cup wins only. Wild In the main game and in Free Falls, Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on reels 2-4 only and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Avalanche™ Feature In the main game and in Free Falls, the symbols fall into position on the reels, instead of spinning. A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. All symbols in winning combinations apart from Scatter symbols, light up and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. Wins with Scatter symbols are valid only once during the Avalanche feature. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Free Falls 3 Scatter symbols appearing randomly anywhere on the reels in the main game only, activate 10 Free Falls according to the PAYTABLE . Each additional Scatter symbol appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game only, activates an additional 5 Free Falls. Free Falls starts when there are no more bet line wins and the Avalanche™ feature ends. In Free Falls, all symbols on winning bet lines are transformed into marbles. The number of marbles collected is shown on the display panel. A Free Falls Bonus Game is activated if any marbles have been collected. The Free Falls Bonus Game starts at the end of Free Falls. In the Free Falls Bonus Game, the marbles won cascade down through the Bonus game, and can land randomly in a Coin Win Cup or the Jackpot Collector Cup. The chance of either landing in a Coin Win Cup or the Jackpot Collector Cup, or of missing the cups is equal for every marble. Marbles landing in the Coin Win Cups award coin wins according to the PAYTABLE . Marbles landing in the Jackpot Collector Cup are collected and displayed on the Jackpot Meter. If 3 marbles are collected in the Jackpot Collector Cup during Free Falls, the Jackpot Game is activated. The Jackpot Game starts after the Free Falls Bonus Game. Free Falls are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round activating Free Falls. Free Falls wins are added to any initial bet line wins. The TOTAL WIN field includes any wins from the the round that activated Free Falls added to any wins from Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls and any Jackpot Game, the game returns to the round that activated Free Falls. Jackpot Game At the start of the Jackpot Game, 50 marbles will fall through a Bonus Game and can randomly activate a coin win and/ or win one of 5 different Jackpots. The Jackpot Game has 4 Coin Win Cups and 5 Jackpot Collector Cups. If a marble lands in the same Jackpot Collector Cup 3 times, that Jackpot is won. Each Jackpot Collector Cup has a meter, which increases with every marble that lands in the cup. Marbles landing in the Coin Win Cups award coin wins according to the PAYTABLE . The chance to win the progressive Jackpots correlates positively with the increase in the size of the bet. A maximum of 1 Jackpot can be won in the Jackpot Game. The Jackpot Game contains 3 progressive Jackpots and 2 fixed value Jackpots. The current Jackpot amount for each type of jackpot is displayed at the top of the game. The Jackpot Bonus Game has 3 progressive Jackpots, meaning that every time the game is played, a portion of the bet is added to these Jackpots. The progressive Jackpots are the MEGA, MAJOR and MIDI Jackpots. 6.3% of each bet contributes to these Jackpots as described below: 3.3% of the bet is contributed to the MEGA Jackpot. 1.4% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. 1.0% of the bet is contributed to the MIDI Jackpot. At the end of the Jackpot Game, the game returns to the main game. At the end of the Jackpot Game, the total win from the Jackpot Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Jackpot Game. At the end of the Jackpot Game, the total bonus win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Progressive Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second jackpot is the new re-seeded jackpot which (on very rare occasions) is smaller than the previous jackpot won. All players playing the game when a jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable. There will be no contributions or claims towards the Jackpot. The Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the casino server. The Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. If you win a Jackpot and are playing casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If Free Falls is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Falls is won. If Bonus Game is won. . Stops Autoplay when Bonus Game is won. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or re-spin, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.9% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Falls Free Falls Scatter Scatter Autoplay Autoplay Paytable Paytable Avalanche Avalanche Bonus Game Bonus Game Jackpot Game Jackpot Game Mega Mega Major Major Midi Midi Mini Mini Rapid Rapid Last modification date: 11/3/2020