Wild Bazaar Wild Bazaar™ Game Rules Wild Bazaar™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 26 bet lines (fixed). The game features 4 Wild Spin features: Stacked Wilds, Colossal Wilds, Linked Wilds and X2 Multiplier Wilds. The game is played with 26 bet lines (fixed), a bet of 20 coins per bet level (1-10), and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbols pay the highest possible winning combination on a betline. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols for coin payout. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Spins Wild Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Wild Spins. The number of Wild Spins awarded is according to the Paytable. The Total Win field includes any wins during Wild Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Wild Spins. Wild Spins Features 3 or more matching chest symbols appearing consecutively on a winning betline in the main game, award one of 4 Wild Spins features per spin: Stacked Wilds, Colossal Wilds, Linked Wilds and X2 Multiplier Wilds. Stacked Wilds – Red Chest Symbol. When this feature is activated, Wilds on the reels appear in stacks of length 4. Colossal Wilds – Green Chest Symbol. When this feature is activated, all Wilds appear as 2x2 Colossal symbols. Linked Wilds – Pink Chest Symbol. When this feature is activated, the leftmost and rightmost Wilds appearing on the same horizontal row transform all symbols, including chest symbols, between them into Wilds. X2 Multiplier Wilds – Blue Chest Symbol. When this feature is activated, all wins which include at least one Wild are multiplied by 2. The number of Wild Spins awarded is equal to the number of chest symbols in a win. For every Wild Spin won, the corresponding Wild Spin counter is filled. It is possible to win 1 – 4 different Wild Spins in one game round. For example, if you get a win with 3 red chest symbols and 5 blue chest symbols, then you will get 3 spins with both Stacked Wilds and X2 Multiplier Wilds, and the 2 additional spins containing only X2 Multiplier Wilds. Wild Spins Retrigger Wins on chest symbols in Wild Spins award extra Wild Spins with the corresponding feature, one Wild Spin for each occurrence of the chest symbol on the winning betline. In Wild Spins, Wild symbols substitute for all symbols for coin payout, however they are not counted in Chest wins when additional spins are calculated and awarded. The same chest symbol can only be counted once, so wins on multiple betlines do not increase the number of extra Wild Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Wild Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Wild Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.15% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Spins Wild Spins Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Colossal Wild Colossal Wild Linked Wild Linked Wild Multiplier Wild Multiplier Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021