Serengeti Kings Serengeti Kings™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 26-line (fixed) video slot with the Lion Feature and the Panther Feature, Free Spins and the Buy Free Spins feature. The game is played with 26 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values and coin values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Lion Feature & Panther Feature The game starts with the Lion Spins and then the Panther Spins. They last for 12 spins each. The number of the Lion Spins and the Panther Spins played is displayed on the indicators above the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. During the spins, all Lion and Panther symbols appearing on the reels are collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. The game starts with 3 symbols in the Lion Counter and 0 symbols in the Panther Counter. The number of Lion Spins and Panther Spins and the number of symbols collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter are linked to the bet and saved with it. Each bet is saved separately. Whenever you change your bet in cash or coins, your Lion Counter and Panther Counter and your Lion and Panther Spins are reset to the starting values. Whenever you change your bet to a bet you already played at, your Lion Counter and Panther Counter and your Lion and Panther Spins are restored together with the bet. On the 12th Lion Spin, no Lion symbols are collected, and the Lion Feature is activated. In the Lion Feature, all Lion symbols collected into the Lion Counter are randomly placed on the reels after the reels stop. On the 12th Panther Spin, no Panther symbols are collected, and the Panther Feature is activated. In the Panther Feature, all Panther symbols collected into the Panther Counter are randomly placed on the reels after the reels stop. If a Lion symbol or a Panther symbol is placed on top of the same symbol or a Wild symbol, +1 is added to the Multiplier of the symbol on the reels. If a Lion symbol is placed on top of a Panther symbol or vice versa, a Wild symbol is created. In Free Spins, if the symbol on the reels has a Multiplier, the Wild symbol will have the same Multiplier. Lion Feature and Panther Feature are activated before the wins are evaluated. After all collected symbols are placed on the reels, the wins are evaluated. Each bet line has a starting x1 Multiplier. All Multipliers on winning symbols of each winning bet line are added to the starting Multiplier, and any wins from that bet line are multiplied by the resulting Multiplier. After the Lion Feature is activated, the Lion Counter resets to 0. After the Panther Feature is activated, the Panther Counter resets to 0. After the Lion Feature, all Panther symbols on the reels are collected into the Panther Counter. After the Panther Feature, all Lion symbols on the reels are collected into the Lion Counter. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 12 Free Spins. If Free Spins are activated with 3 Scatter symbols, Free Spins start with 0 symbols in both the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. If Free Spins are activated with 4 Scatter symbols, Free Spins start with the same number of symbols as collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter at the moment of Free Spins activation. If Free Spins are activated with 5 Scatter symbols, Free Spins start with the number of symbols as collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter at the moment of Free Spins activation plus 5 symbols to both the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. In Free Spins, all Lion and Panther symbols appearing on the reels are collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. On the last Free Spin, all symbols collected into both the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter are randomly placed on the reels after the reels stop. Symbols from the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter can be placed on the reels on top of each other. If a Lion symbol is placed on top of a Panther symbol or vice versa, a Wild symbol is created. If a Lion symbol or a Panther symbol is placed on top of the same symbol or a Wild symbol, +1 is added to the Multiplier of the symbol on the reels. After all collected symbols are placed on the reels, the wins are evaluated. Each bet line has a starting x1 Multiplier. All Multipliers on winning symbols of each winning bet line are added to the starting Multiplier, and any wins from that bet line are multiplied by the resulting Multiplier. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Buy Free Spins You can activate Free Spins with the Buy Free Spins feature (not available in all Casinos). You can buy 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols and activate Free Spins with the respective number of symbols collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. The cost of each option is displayed in the Buy Free Spins pop-up. The cost is updated after each spin and depends on your bet and the number of symbols collected into the Lion Counter and the Panther Counter. The cost is linked to the bet and saved with it. Each bet is saved separately. Whenever you change your bet in cash or coins, the cost is reset. Whenever you change your bet to a bet you already played at, the cost is restored together with the bet. When you activate Free Spins with the Buy Free Spins feature, you start Free Spins without a main game spin. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn Quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value: regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game in the main game is 96.2%. The theoretical return to player in the Buy Free Spins feature for buying Free Spins with 3 Scatter symbols is 96.1%. The theoretical return to player in the Buy Free Spins feature for buying Free Spins with 4 or 5 Scatter symbols using the optimal strategy is 96.7%. The optimal moments are highlighted with flames on the Buy Free Spins pop-up.