Glow Touch Glow™ Game Rules Glow™ is a highly energetic video slot with 5-reels, 3-rows and 15-bet lines. Classic features include Wild substitutions with a x2 multiplier and a Free Spins multiplier of x2. The game is played with 15 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. MAX BET plays the game at 15 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. In both the main game and during the Free Spins, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. All bet line wins with Wild symbols pay x2. Only one Wild multiplier is applied per bet line win. Only the highest win per active bet line is selected to be paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Free Spins Bet line wins with matching animal symbols award Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins any winning combinations with matching symbols award extra Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins end when there are no remaining Free Spins and no new wins are generated. Bet line wins in Free Spins pay x2. In Free Spins, bet line wins with Wilds pay Wild multiplier x Free Spins multiplier. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay if a round is won. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.7 % Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Last modification date: 5/16/2018