Grand Spinn Superpot Grand Spinn Superpot™ is a 3-reel, 3-row 1-line video slot with Multiplier Wilds, Nudge feature, and 3 Jackpots, including the progressive Super Jackpot! Each and every spin can potentially trigger a jackpot win, and Multiplier Wilds combined with nudging reels may, with luck, bring the rain of golden coins down! Nudge Each time there is a winning combination on the reels, the Nudge feature is activated. After the win count up, if the top symbol on the first reel is the same as the winning symbol, the first reel moves symbol down and the win is awarded again. The reel will nudge until the symbol above the winning one is different. This process is then repeated for the second reel and eventually the third reel. When a reel stops nudging, there might be an up arrow symbol at the top of the reel. In this case, the reel will be moved to the bottom of the current stack of winning symbols. The reels will then start nudging and paying from this position as described above. Multiplier Wild Multiplier Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1-3 and substitute for all symbols, except up arrow symbol and Jackpot Symbols. One Multiplier Wild on the winning bet line multiplies the win by 2,two Multiplier Wilds multiply the win by 4 and three Multiplier Wilds multiply the win by 8. Jack pots When all the reels are done nudging, there might be Jackpot symbols present at the top of the reels. If each reel has a Jackpot symbol on the top of a winning stack and the win is greater than zero, the player is awarded the lowest paying Jackpot out of the present Jackpot symbols. If there is no winning combination on the reels, but 3 Jackpot symbols land on the bet line, the relevant Jackpot is awarded with the above rule. Mini Jackpot is a fixed Jackpot which awards a coin win of 40 multiplied by the bet level. Midi Jackpot is a fixed Jackpot which awards a coin win of 200 multiplied by the bet level. Super Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player, a portion of the bet is added to the Jackpot. PAYOUT RULES IN MAIN GAME A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Nudge feature wins are added to the balance. Jackpot wins are added to the balance. Theoretical return to the player is 96.21 Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 9/27/2022