Planet of the Apes Planet of the Apes Game Rules Planet of the Apes is a two play areas video slot, each with 5-reel, 3-row, 20-lines (fixed) and featuring 2 different types of Free Spins, Bonus symbols, Scatter symbols, Wild substitutions, a Stacked Wild feature, 2 Bonus features and a Dual feature. The game is played with two play areas, each with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. When the game spins, the two areas play simultaneously and the player cannot choose between them. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel per play area. The win in coins for Scatter symbols is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wins from the Dual Feature, Stacked Wild feature, Rise Bonus feature, Dawn Bonus feature, Rise Free Spins, and Dawn Free Spins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Rise Free Spins and Dawn Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. The Stacked Wild feature, the Rise Bonus feature, the Dawn Bonus feature and the Dual feature can be activated in the main game only. The Rise Bonus feature, Dawn Bonus feature, and Stacked Wild feature can be activated at the same time. Free Spins can also be activated additionally to the Bonus features. The Total Win field displayed on the screen during both Rise Free Spins and Dawn Free Spins includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Stacked Wild Feature The Stacked Wild feature is triggered on the Rise play area when a reel is fully covered by Wilds. The Stacked Wilds are then duplicated onto the Dawn play area in the corresponding position. Rise Bonus Feature If the Rise Bonus symbol lands on the first reel, the Rise Bonus feature is triggered. The Rise Bonus feature is an additional coin win that is awarded for every human and ape symbol displayed on the screen except for the Scatter symbol and only appears on the Rise play area. The coin win is paid in addition to any bet line wins on the reels when the feature is activated. The maximum coin win for the Rise Bonus feature at bet level 1 is 1590 coins or the equivalent of 79.5 times the bet. Dawn Bonus Feature If the Dawn Bonus symbol lands on the last reel, the Dawn Bonus feature is triggered. The Dawn Bonus feature is a feature that transforms ape and human symbols into the same symbol and only appears in the Dawn play area. If there is already one or more valid winning combinations the symbol selected is the highest value symbol from the combination. Otherwise the symbol is chosen at random. The transformed symbols are only in the Dawn play area. The selected symbol for transformation is chosen from the ape or human symbols. The transformation occurs first, then the bet line wins are calculated. The Scatter symbol will not be transformed. Dual Feature Before each spin there is a chance that the Dual feature is triggered. If the Dual feature is triggered, one symbol is chosen for each play area with the same symbol not able to be chosen for both play areas and Wild and Scatter symbols also unable to be chosen. The reels only contain these two symbols, the rest of the reels are blank spaces. If a symbol lands in its corresponding play area when the reels stop, it sticks. If a symbol lands in the other play area, it transfers over to the correct play area into the corresponding position. If at least one new symbol appears in its corresponding play area, the game re-spins. If a symbol lands in the other play area, and the corresponding position is already filled in the correct play area, the symbol cannot transfer. The game re-spins until there are no more new symbols in either area. The Dual feature cannot be activated with any other feature. The bet level and coin value during the Dual feature is the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated the Dual Feature. Scatter Wins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game award a win. Scatter symbols on the Rise and Dawn play areas are treated as two separate symbols and counted separately. The Rise Scatter and Dawn Scatter symbols can only appear in the main game. Rise Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Rise play area activate the Rise Free Spins. Only the Rise play area is active during the Rise Free Spins. 10 Free Spins are awarded. During the Rise Free Spins the number of Wild symbols that land on each spin are collected in a Wild meter on the screen. Each Wild symbol landing on reels will add to the meter by 1. On the last spin, after the reels stop spinning (but before any wins are evaluated) all collected Wild symbols are randomly placed on the play area and, once this has finished, the win will be evaluated. The maximum number of Wild symbols that can be collected during the Rise Free Spins is 15. Wild symbols landing on the screen during the last Rise Free Spin will not be added to the Wild collected meter. After the last spin the overlay Wild symbols from the collected meter may be placed on top of the existing Wild symbols that landed on the reels during the last spin. Dawn Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Dawn play area activate the Dawn Free Spins. Only the Dawn play area is active during the Dawn Free Spins. 15 Free Spins are awarded. In the Dawn Free Spins, there are 3 different collect symbols that activate a corresponding meter: Multiplier, Extra Wild and Extra Free Spins. When a collect symbol lands, it fills the corresponding meter by 1. When the meter is full, it activates a feature with each meter requiring 3 symbols to become full. The Extra Free Spins meter awards 3 extra Free Spins every time it is filled. The player starts the Dawn Free Spins with multiplier 1. Each time the Multiplier meter is filled the multiplier is increased by 1, until the x5 multiplier is reached. The current multiplier/Wild symbol will be highlighted on the game screen. The Extra Wild meter turns one of the human symbols into an Extra Wild symbol every time it is filled for the remainder of the Free Spins. In the event that either the Multiplier cap is reached or all 3 symbols have been turned to Extra Wild, further occurrences of the Multiplier/Extra Wild collect symbols will be displayed as Extra Free Spins collect symbols. Extra Wild symbols will substitute for all symbols, except Multiplier, Extra Wild and Extra Free Spins collect symbols. Multiple Free Spins If 3 or more Scatter symbols land on both play areas in the same spin, both Free Spins are triggered and play one after the other starting with the Rise Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. TM and © 2017 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.33% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Multiplier Multiplier Rise Rise Dawn Dawn Dual Dual Rise Bonus Rise Bonus Dawn Bonus Dawn Bonus Extra Free Spins Extra Free Spins Extra Wild Extra Wild