Happy Riches Happy Riches™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Double symbols, Wild substitutions, and Free Spins with Stacked Wild symbols. The game is played with 30 bet lines (fixed), 1-5 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins and Double symbols. Wild symbols appearing with Double symbols on a winning bet line pay the value of a single symbol. Wild symbol can count as a single symbol only. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spins symbols. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. Double symbols Free Spins symbols and medium win symbols can be either single or Double symbols. Double symbols count as 2 single symbols. Double Free Spins symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wins are determined by the total number of symbols appearing on a bet line. With Double symbols, a winning bet line can have from 3 to 10 symbols in total. Free Spins with Stacked Wild The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. Free Spins symbols can appear as single or Double symbols. 4 or more Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. The bet that activates Free Spins is multiplied according to the table based on the number of Free Spins symbols. This amount is added to any bet line wins on that spin. Free Spin Symbols Bet Multiplier Free Spins Won 8 10 30 7 4 25 6 2 20 5 2 15 4 2 10 3 2 - *Double symbols count as 2 single symbols. Free Spins coin wins are tripled (x3). Additional Free Spins won are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. In Free Spins, 4 or more Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free Spins. During Free Spins, Stacked Wild symbols can appear on the reels for a chance at bigger wins! Any Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Bet line wins are tripled in Free Spins, excluding additional Free Spins won. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history. Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Note: Some operators may not offer all of the listed game settings. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.32%. The maximum win from a single game is £250.000 Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Double Double Double Free Spins Double Free Spins Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild