Archangels Salvation Archangels: Salvation™ is a 6-reel, 12-row video slot with Free Spins, Wild Substitutions and 2 Wild Features. The game is played with 100 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (40 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. All Wild symbols (2x2 Wild, stacks of Wild symbols, and singleton Wilds) substitute for all symbols, except Scatter symbol. The high win symbols in the game are individual symbols, but for the sake of convenience they are represented as stacks of symbols i.e. heaven and hell characters. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. 2x2 Wild The 2x2 Wild symbol is a symbol block of 2x2 symbols. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Any part of a Wild symbol included in a winning bet line pays the highest possible winning combination according to the Paytable. Hot Spot Areas There are 2 separate hot spot areas in the game. The first consists of the top 2 rows of the game area, and the second consists of the bottom 2 rows of the game area. In Free Spins, both hot spot areas are increased to 3 rows. Each of the areas has its own Wild Feature. The top hot spot area activates the Heaven Feature, the bottom hot spot area - the Hell Feature. If the 2x2 Wild lands on the reels so that any of its part is in the hot spot area, the respective Wild Feature is activated. The Wild Feature is activated for each position on the reels that is occupied by the 2x2 Wild. For example, if the 2x2 Wild lands completely in the hot spot area, the feature is activated 4 times. The feature can be reactivated again if either a stack of Wild symbols (or its part) or a singleton Wild symbol lands in the hot spot area again. Either 1 stack of Wild symbols or 4 singleton Wild symbols are generated for each Wild symbol in the hot spot area. The same feature cannot be activated 2 times in a row. Only 1 feature can be active at a time. For example, if the Hell Feature was activated at first, then the next to be reactivated will be the Heaven Feature. There can only be 2 types of Wild symbols present on the reels during the features: singleton Wild symbols and stacks of Wild symbols. The features end when either no new Wild symbols land in the hot spot areas or when the Wild symbol has no free position to land on the reels. The win from the Wild Features is evaluated and paid out after the features have been played. Wild Feature wins are added to any bet line wins. Heaven Feature The Heaven Feature is activated, when a 2x2 Wild symbol lands fully or partially in the top hot spot area. If the 2x2 Wild lands partially in the hot spot area, 2 stacks of Wild symbols are generated. If the 2x2 Wild symbol lands fully, 4 stacks of Wild symbols are generated. The length of the stacks of Wild symbols varies from 3 to 5 symbols. The stacks of Wild symbols can fully cover Scatter symbols, singleton Wild symbols and fully/partially smaller stacks of Wild symbols. The stacks of Wild symbols cannot land in the top hot spot area. Hell Feature The Hell Feature is activated, when a 2x2 Wild symbol lands fully or partially in the bottom hot spot area. Should this happen, the hell area starts shooting singleton Wild symbols that land randomly on the reels. Singleton Wild symbols cannot land on top of Scatter and other Wild symbols, and in the bottom hot spot area. The number of Wild symbols shot is either 8 or 16, depending on whether the Wild symbol landed partially or fully in the hot spot area. Free Spins 3 or more stacked Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free Spins. The Scatter symbols are 2-stacked, meaning they occupy 2 positions on the reels. Each stack of Scatters counts as one symbol, even though it occupies 2 positions on the reels. If only a part of the stack is visible, it will still count as a whole Scatter symbol. If the Scatter symbol is covered with a stack of Wild symbols, the Scatter symbol will still activate Free Spins. If Free Spins and Wild Features are activated at the same time, Wild Features are played first. 3, 4, 5, and 6 Scatter symbols award 10, 15, 20, and 25 Free Spins respectively. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.08% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild 2x2 Wild 2x2 Wild Heaven Heaven Hell Hell Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Game rules generated: 2018-02-08 14:08:31 (UTC) Last modification date: 12/28/2021