Emoji Planet Emoji Planet Video Slot™ is a 6-reel, 5-row video slot with the Cluster Pays™ mechanics. The game boasts of the Avalanche™ Feature, Wild and Sticky Wild substitutions, and 5 Emoji Features: the Bomb Feature, the Pizza Feature, the Kiss Mark Feature, the Rocket Feature, and the Two Hearts Feature. The game is played with clusters of symbols, 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. 5 or more same symbols in a cluster award a win. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A cluster win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A cluster win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. If the total win from a game round exceeds 100000 times the bet level, the win of exactly 100000 times the bet level is awarded and the game round ends. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into position in the reels, instead of spinning. A cluster win starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. Emoji Features There are 5 Emoji Meters: the Bomb Meter, the Pizza Meter, the Kiss Mark Meter, the Rocket Meter and the Two Hearts Meter. For each destroyed symbol, the corresponding Emoji Meter will be filled by one space. Wild symbols destroyed as part of wins do not count towards filling the Emoji Meter of the symbol that they substituted for. For each time an Emoji Meter is filled up by 12 spaces, a corresponding Emoji Feature will be activated once, when there are no more winning combinations. The sticker on each Emoji Meter indicates how many times the Emoji Meter was filled. All Emoji Meters are reset to zero at the end of each game round. If 2 or more Emoji Meters are filled up at the same time, the Emoji Features are activated by turn in the following order: Bomb Feature, Pizza Feature, Kiss Mark Feature, Rocket Feature, and Two Hearts Feature. At the end of the Emoji Features, any wins from the Emoji Features are added to any wins from the round that activated the Emoji Features. Bomb Feature When the Bomb Feature is activated, 8 random symbols on the reels are destroyed and a random coin win of between 5 and 100 times the bet level is awarded for each destroyed symbol. The symbols destroyed in the Bomb Feature do not fill the Emoji Meters. Sticky Wild symbols cannot be destroyed in the Bomb Feature. Pizza Feature When the Pizza Feature is activated, a 3x3 overlay of a random symbol, except for the Wild symbol, randomly appears on the reels. Sticky Wild symbols cannot be overlaid in the Pizza Feature. Kiss Mark Feature When the Kiss Mark Feature is activated, 3 Sticky Wild symbols randomly appear and remain on the reels. Each Sticky Wild symbol has 3 lives. Whenever a Sticky Wild symbol is a part of one or more simultaneous winning combinations, it loses a life. When all 3 lives are lost, the Sticky Wild symbol disappears. Sticky Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, including other Sticky Wild symbols with less than 3 lives. Rocket Feature When the Rocket Feature is activated, a stack of 10 Wild symbols appears on and above one of the reels creating a winning combination. In each next Avalanche, new Wild symbols from the stack land on the reels until no more Wild symbols remain in the stack. Sticky Wild symbols cannot be replaced by Wild symbols in the Rocket Feature. Two Hearts Feature The Two Hearts Feature is only activated when there are no more winning combinations and no more other Emoji Features to be activated. When the Two Hearts Feature is activated, the total win is multiplied by the number of times the meter is filled up plus one. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays™ Cluster Pays™ Avalanche Avalanche Wild Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Emoji Meters Emoji Meters Emoji Features Emoji Features Bomb Meter Bomb Meter Bomb Feature Bomb Feature Pizza Meter Pizza Meter Pizza Feature Pizza Feature Kiss Mark Meter Kiss Mark Meter Kiss Mark Feature Kiss Mark Feature Rocket Meter Rocket Meter Rocket Feature Rocket Feature Two Hearts Meter Two Hearts Meter Two Hearts Feature Two Hearts Feature Last modification date: 9/28/2021