Robin Hood Shifting Riches Robin Hood: Shifting Riches™ is a 5-reel, 20-line video slot featuring Shifting Reels™ with increasing Multiplier up to x5, Wild substitutions, and Free Spins that are awarded when 4 Money Bags are collected in a chest. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Money Bag symbols and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 before the Shifting Reels™ feature begins. During Free Spins, Wild symbols can only appear on reels 3, 4, and 5. Wild and Extra Wild pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Changes in the bet amount affect the coin value in Free Spins. All wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Shifting Reels™ Feature Any bet line win activates the Shifting Reels™ feature for a chance to win with an increasing Multiplier up to x5. When the x5 Multiplier is reached, all subsequent shifts will also have a x5 Multiplier. Shifting Reels™ continue until no new wins are generated. The reels shift one position to the right, making way for a new reel on the left, and possible winning combinations. Money Bag symbols are replaced by Wild symbols when Shifting Reels™ feature is active. The Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols during Shifting Reels™ feature. Shifting Reels™ feature can also be activated during Free Spins. Free Spins In the main game, there is one chest under each of the reels. Money Bags randomly appear on the reels in the main game and are added to the corresponding chest below the reel. 4 Money Bags in a single chest award 10 Free Spins. At the start of Free Spins, you can get more than one chest full of 4 Money Bags. Each extra chest awards 10 additional Free Spins. When Free Spins start, one of the main characters is randomly selected as the Extra Wild symbol. In Free Spins, the Extra Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 3, 4, and 5. Money Bags cannot be collected in Free Spins. Collected Money Bags that have not been used, are saved for future game play for up to one year. 2 or more Free Spins symbols activate extra Free Spins. 2 Free Spins symbols award 5 additional Free Spins. 3 Free Spins symbols award 10 additional Free Spins. When Free Spins end, the total win in Free Spins is displayed according to the active coin value in the main game. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins and Shifting Reels™ can be activated in the same game round. If this occurs, Free Spins are played first, followed by Shifting Reels™ upon returning to the main game. Free Spins Coin Value Calculation The Free Spins coin value is based on the average of the bets placed when the Money Bags were collected. To see the bet level and coin value for each of the Money Bags collected, click a chest in the main game. The formula for calculating the Free Spins coin value with 4 Money Bags is: Y1x Z1⁄4 + Y2x Z2⁄4 + Y3x Z3⁄4 + Y4x Z4⁄4 Where each Y is the coin value and each Z is the bet level that was active when the corresponding Money Bag was collected. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Note : Some operators may not offer all of the listed game settings. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.75%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Extra Wild Extra Wild Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Shifting Reels Shifting Reels Money Bags Money Bags Extra Free Spins Extra Free Spins