American Roulette American Roulette™ is a classic roulette game that features inside bets, outside bets, and favorite bets. The roulette wheel has 38 slots numbered 0-36 with an additional 00. The object of the game is to predict which slot the ball will land in after the wheel is spun. The minimum and maximum bets for the game are displayed on the MIN/MAX section of the table. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. To view the Paytable, click the i-button in the keypad, alternatively see the Payout section below. How to Play Select a chip value, place your bets, spin the wheel, and wait to see if you have correctly predicted the winning number. Selecting a chip value. To select the desired chip value, click a chip in the keypad area. If there are active arrows to the left and right of the chips, click these to see additional chip values. You can point at different positions of the table to highlight the bets. When a bet position is highlighted, a window appears and displays the minimum and maximum bet limits for that bet. Placing one or several bets. To place a bet, select the chip value and click either a number or a betting position on the table. Additional clicks add the required number of chips of the same value to the selected bet area. After a bet is placed, you can point at the chips on the table to view the total value of the bet and the total payout if the bet wins. Spinning the wheel. When you have finished betting, click the spin button to start a game round. The ball is then launched into the roulette wheel. The amount you bet is deducted from your account. The ball lands in a slot and the number on the slot is the winning number. A player can stop the roulette wheel anytime while it is spinning, by clicking the spin button. This function is not available during Autoplay (not available in all casinos). It is possible to spin the wheel without placing any bets (not available in all casinos). Checking the winning number. When the ball lands in a slot, the winning number is announced and all winning bets are paid. The winning number is displayed on the roulette wheel. Your winnings are also displayed in the game panel and are added to your Cash amount. All losing bets are cleared from the table. Playing again. Click the rebet button to place the same bet as in the previous round. Alternatively, click the clear all bets button to clear the table of all previous bets, place any new bets, and then click the spin button. For more information, refer to the Game Functions section below. Auto Adjust Bet If a bet exceeds the bet limit or table limit, or if the player is out of money, the Auto Adjust Bet function automatically adjusts the bet to the highest possible amount. If the bet consists of several bet positions, it will be scaled down proportionally over the included bet positions. If the scaled down bet is too small to cover all desired bet positions, chips will be placed on as many of these positions as possible. If all desired bet positions cannot be covered, the game will randomly choose which positions should receive chips. To activate this function, open the Game settings menu. Favorite Bets The game has a favorite bets feature, which allows you to save bets of any configuration and place them automatically. To open the Favorite bets panel, click the Favorite bets button. To save a bet as a favorite, place all your bets on the table and then open the Favorite bets panel. Click the + sign, enter a name for your bet and then click . You can save up to a maximum of 10 favorite bets. To place one of your favorite bets, open the Favorite bets panel and select a bet from your list. All chips are placed automatically. To delete a favorite bet, click the x button given next to the bet name in the favorite bets list. Statistics and Billboard The statistics panel displays the game round results, hot and cold numbers, and statistics for the table. To open the statistics panel, click the statistics button. Wheel Statistics . This section of the panel displays the distribution of the winning numbers for the last 500 rounds. Hot numbers . Displays the 4 most drawn numbers in the last 500 spins. The second row shows how many times the hot numbers were drawn in the last 500 spins. Cold numbers . Displays the 4 least drawn numbers in the last 500 spins. The second row shows how many times the cold numbers were drawn in the last 500 spins. Bar charts . This section of the panel lists Red/Black and Even/Odd bets and displays the percentage of game rounds that ended with either result. The rest is shown green, representing 0 and 00. You can make straight bets on hot and cold numbers and on the statistics wheel, or make outside bets by placing chips directly on the billboard or panel. Results. This section of the billboard displays the winning numbers for the last 15 rounds. Bet Types Inside Bets Inside bets . Bets made on numbers or on the lines between numbers on the internal area of the table. Straight. A straight bet is a bet placed on a single number. To make a straight bet, place a chip on a number on the table. Split . A split bet is a bet placed on 2 adjoining numbers. To make a split bet, place a chip on the line between any 2 adjoining numbers, except for 0 and 2 or 00 and 2. Three Line (Street). A three line (street) bet is a bet on a row of 3 numbers. To make a street bet, place a chip on the line at the start of one of the 12 rows. You also can make a three line (street) bet on 0, 1, 2 or 00, 2, 3 or 0, 00, 2 by placing a chip on the intersecting corner of the 3 numbers. Top Line. A top line bet is a bet on the first five numbers 0, 00, 1, 2, 3. To make a top line bet place the chip on the corner of 0 and 1. Corner. A corner bet is a bet on 4 numbers. To make a corner bet, place a chip on the intersecting corner of 4 numbers. Six Line. A six line bet is a bet on 6 numbers; 2 rows of 3 numbers, excluding 0 and 00. To make a six line bet, place a chip on the start of the line that separates the 2 rows. Outside Bets Outside bets are bets placed on the areas of the table that represent groups of numbers. Outside bets include: Column. A column bet is a bet on 12 numbers; 1 column of 12 numbers. To make a column bet, place a chip on one of the 3 areas labelled 2:1 . Dozen. A dozen bet is a bet on 12 numbers; 4 rows of 3 numbers. To make a dozen bet, place a chip on one of the areas labelled, 1st -12 , 2nd - 12 or 3rd - 12 . Red/Black . A red or black bet is a bet on 18 numbers; either all the black numbers or all the red numbers. To make a red or black bet, place a chip on either of the unlabelled red or black areas. Even/Odd . An even or odd bet is a bet on 18 numbers; either all of the even numbers, excluding 0 and 00, or all of the odd numbers. To make an even or odd bet, place a chip on the area labelled EVEN or the area labelled ODD . 1-18/19-36 . A 1-18 or 19-36 bet is a bet on 18 numbers; either the first 18 numbers, excluding 0 and 00, or the last 18. To make 1-18 or 19-36 bet, place a chip on the area labelled 1-18 or the area labelled 19-36 . Racetrack Bets · Racetrack bets are one or more inside bets on a series of numbers as they appear on the roulette wheel. · Racetrack bets are made by placing chips directly on the roulette racetrack. · To open the racetrack, click the racetrack button in the keypad. · Racetrack bets include: Number and neighbors . A number and neighbors bet is by default a bet on 5 numbers; 1 number plus the 2 numbers that appear on both sides of that number on the wheel. To make a number and neighbors bet, place a chip on a number on the racetrack. To increase or decrease the number of neighbors included in a number and neighbors bet, click the (+) and (-) buttons located on the racetrack. The maximum number of neighbors is 8. Payouts Bet Minimum chips Payout Straight 1 35:1 Split 1 17:1 Three Line (Street) 1 11:1 Top Line 1 6:1 Corner 1 8:1 Six Line 1 5:1 Column 1 2:1 Dozen 1 2:1 Red/Black 1 1:1 Even/Odd 1 1:1 1-18/19-36 1 1:1 Number and neighbors 1 35:1 Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to spin the wheel and start a game round. Click to start a quick spin. This button is visible in the keypad when you select the Quick spin option in the Game settings menu (not available in all casinos). Click to open or close the Paytable. Click to open or close the roulette racetrack. Click to open or close the statistics panel. Click to open or close the Favorite bets panel. Click to double the value of all the bets currently on the table. This is not applicable for the bet that has exceeded the maximum bet limit. Click to undo the last bet placed on the table. Click to clear all bets from the table. Click to repeat the same bet as the previous round. Once you click the rebet button, the rebet mode starts and the same bet will be repeated until you click again on the rebet button to end the mode. Click to open the Game Settings menu and configure various game options. The menu contains options for: Dealer's voice Background music Sound effects Soundtrack Quick spin (not available in all casinos) Auto Adjust Bet Intro movie Game history Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of rounds to Autoplay or open the Advanced settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to open the game rules. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Dealer's voice . Turns the Dealer's voice on or off. Background music. Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Soundtrack . Choose a game soundtrack. Quick spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Auto Adjust Bet . Turns the Auto Adjust Bet function on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.74% The theoretical return to player for this game when making Top Line bet is 92.11% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 8/23/2023