Gold Money Frog Gold Money Frog™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, and 25-bet line video slot. The game features triple Jackpot Bonus game with Bonus Wheel, Wild substitutions, Scatter wins, and Free Spins. The game offers 3 local Jackpots. The game is played with 25 bet lines (fixed), 1-4 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines won. Scatter wins pay total bet multiplied by the payout displayed in the Paytable. Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any bet line wins. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols and wins during the Bonus Wheel in the Bonus Game. Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 20 Free Spins 5 Scatters = 30 Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, all wins are tripled including Scatter coin wins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. The number of additional Free Spins won is not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. The Bonus Game can be won during Free Spins. Bonus game winnings are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Bonus Game 3 or more Bonus symbols, if in succession from leftmost to right, on a bet line start the Bonus Game. The Bonus Wheel appears during a Bonus Game where the player can either win coins or the Jackpot. The Bonus Wheel has 12 division. The Bonus Wheel automatically starts spinning as the Bonus Game begin. After a short period of time, the stop button gets activated with 10 seconds countdown to stop the Bonus Wheel. To stop the Bonus Wheel, either click the auto-stop countdown or wait for 10 seconds for Bonus Wheel to stop automatically. If the Bonus Wheel stops on a coin value, the value is awarded, and the Bonus Game ends. If the Bonus wheel stops on a Jackpot, the Jackpot is won and the Bonus Game ends. A Jackpot can only be won during the Bonus Game. The Bonus Wheel in the Bonus Game does not represent a "real", physical wheel and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular spot is determined by the game's random number generator, and not the number of positions on each wheel. The chance to win a Jackpot correlates positively with the Jackpot size and bet size. The coin wins in the Bonus Game are proportional to the bet level in the round that activated the Bonus Game. All coin win divisions on the Bonus Wheel award the same value. The coin win value is equal to the total bet in coins. The highest possible coin win on max bet level during the Bonus Game is 100 At the end of Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. At the end of the Bonus Game, the total bonus win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. At the end of the Bonus Game, the game returns to the main game or Free Spins round that activated the Bonus Game. The player can win Only one Jackpot during each Bonus Game round. Jackpot Rules The Jackpot is a progressive jackpot, where every time the game is played by a player, a portion of the bet is added to the Jackpot. Progressive Jackpot wins are subject to verification by the Casino Operator and the Software Supplier. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two Jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second Jackpot is the new re-seeded Jackpot which (on very rare occasions) is smaller than the previous Jackpot won. All players playing the game when a Jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the Jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable.There will be no contributions or claims towards the Jackpot. The Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the Casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the Casino server. Note: The displayed Jackpot win can due to rounding marginally differ from actual win. The Jackpot is denominated in Euro and the Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. The currency conversion is based on currency exchange rates provided by SIX - the financial information provider. If you win a Jackpot and are playing Casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. Gold Money Frog™ contains Super, Major, and Minor Jackpots. The following contributions are made from each bet: 2.4% of the bet is contributed to the MINOR Jackpot. 10% of the contributions are set aside for the next Jackpot. 1.6% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. 10% of the contributions are set aside for the next Jackpot. 4% of the bet is contributed to the SUPER Jackpot. 10% of the contributions are set aside for the next Jackpot. When a Jackpot is won, the start-up value for the next Jackpot is: MINOR : 50 Euro plus the 10% contributions set aside for the next MINOR Jackpot. MAJOR : 500 Euro plus the 10% contributions set aside for the next MAJOR Jackpot. SUPER : 5000 Euro plus the 10% contributions set aside for the next SUPER Jackpot. The current Jackpot amount for each type of Jackpot is displayed at the top of the game. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. The Jackpot cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN . Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If Bonus Game is won . Stops Autoplay when Bonus Game is won. If Jackpot is won . Stops Autoplay when Jackpot is won. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 92.31%-92.96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Bonus Bonus Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Super Super Major Major Minor Minor Bonus Game Bonus Game Jackpot Jackpot Bonus Wheel Bonus Wheel The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2020