The Wolf's Bane Game Rules The Wolf’s Bane™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 10-line (fixed) video slot with 4 different Wild features, Free Spins, and a Pick and Click feature. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. COIN VALUE section. --> BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Regular Wild symbols act as Wild symbols only and substitute for all symbols, except for Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. PAYTABLE are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. --> Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only except for coin wins during the Pick and Click feature. At the end of the Pick and Click feature, the total win from the Pick and Click feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Pick and Click feature. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. FREE SPINS 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins activate Free Spins according to the Paytable. 3 Scatters = 10 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 20 Free Spins 5 Scatters = 30 Free Spins Before the Free Spins session starts, the Wild Board will appear and select one of 4 random Wild features. During Free Spins, an Overlay Wild symbol randomly appears on reels 1-3 in every spin and works the same as the active Wild feature. The Overlay Wild symbol randomly appears on a reel position that is not already covered by a Wild feature. Scatter symbols are counted before any Overlay Wild symbol or Wild feature is activated. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins session without a new Wild Board. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. Each Free Spins session randomly features one of the four different Wild features that can appear anywhere on the reels: Wild Regular Wild Regular Wild symbols act as Wild symbols only and substitute for all symbols, except for Scatter symbols. Expanding Wild Expanding Wild symbols automatically expand to cover the entire reel they appear on if resulting in a bet line win. X2 Multiplier Wild Wins with X2 Multiplier Wild symbols are multiplied x2 when completing a winning bet line. Spreading Wild The Spreading Wild symbol turns 1 adjacent or diagonal symbol into an additional Wild symbol. Pick and Click Feature The Pick and Click feature is activated when 3 Bonus symbols appear on the reels, in the main game only. The Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. The player clicks on one of the Bonus symbols to reveal a coin win. Only 1 prize is awarded per Pick and Click game. After the player has been presented with the win, the coin win amounts for the 2 other Bonus symbols not picked are revealed. The coin win in the Pick and Click game varies between x5 - x50 X bet. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to access the game settings and game information. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to select the number of Autoplay rounds. If Autoplay rounds have been selected, the remaining number of rounds is display on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Click up and down arrows to change coin value. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to open the game rules. Click to view your latest game history. Game History (not available when Playing for Fun) Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value: regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the cogwheel icon in the menu. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash . Click to show bet in cash instead of coins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. Stop if Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won before the set number of autoplay rounds. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Pick and Click is won. Stops Autoplay if Pick and Click is won. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.74% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Pick and Click Pick and Click Expanding Wild Expanding Wild Multiplier Wild Multiplier Wild Spreading Wild Spreading Wild Wild Board Wild Board Overlay Wild Overlay Wild Big Win Big Win! Mega Win Mega Win! Super Mega Win Super Mega Win! Win Win Balance Balance Bet Bet Last modification date: 12/28/2021