Jackpot 6000 Game Rules Jackpot 6000 Touch™ is a 3-reel 5-line slot machine featuring Jokers, a Heads or Tails double up game as well as a Supermeter mode. You can play 5 fixed bet lines with 2 coins per bet line at different coin values. You must win to qualify for the Supermeter mode. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. If the total coin win is equal to 20 coins or less, and you tap the Transfer button, then the win amount is added to your credit and you return to the main game. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. The Joker paytable displays winnings for 3 Jokers on a bet line. Payouts including the wins in Supermeter mode, are made according to the PAYTABLE in the game. Doubling is applicable on all wins, except for the wins from Jokers. Each time you win Jackpot 6000, you have the possibility to bet all or part of your winnings on Heads or Tails for a 50/50 chance to double them. If you bet 10 coins in Jackpot 6000 Touch and win, you also have the option to enter Supermeter mode. This does not include wins with jokers. Regardless of bet, all 5 bet lines are selected. Supermeter mode gives you the chance to win on 2 visible Jokers anywhere on the reels, as well as three regular symbols on a bet line. The player then has a chance to play another game or collect the winnings. If the game is lost then the remaining coins, excluding the bet amount for the game played, will be added to the credit meter and the Supermeter mode ends. In Supermeter mode each combination of 2 Jokers pays a mystery win between 10 and 6000 coins. Once the Supermeter mode reaches 6000 or more coins, the amount is automatically collected and the player is returned to the base game. Heads or Tails Double Up Your winnings are automatically bet on Heads or Tails. To play for the entire win amount, tap the Heads or the Tails button. To play part of your win amount, tap Transfer once for each sum of 20 coins from the win amount you want to save. Then tap the Heads or Tails button to play for the remaining win amount. If you don't want to play Heads or Tails, tap Collect to add the win to your credit and return to the slot machine. When you have selected Heads or Tails, the coin is tossed and the winning side of the coin is highlighted. The Heads or Tails double up automatically ends when the win amount goes past 3000 coins. If you win, continue to play Heads or Tails or return to the slot machine. Main Game Spin Button Tap to start playing at the current bet lines, bet level and coin value. In landscape mode, touch the game area to hide the Spin button. Quick Stop : Tap the game area during a spin to stop the reels. Menu Tap to access the game settings and game information. Sound Tap to turn Sound on or off without going to the settings menu. Quick settings menu Tap the plus sign to access the Quick settings menu. Quick Spin Tap to turn Quick spin on or off without going to the settings menu. Heads or Tails Tap to play heads or tails. Transfer Tap once for each sum of 20 coins from the win amount you want to save. Collect Tap to add the winnings to the balance and return to the main game. Return Tap to go back to the Supermeter game. Exit Tap to leave the game. Game Settings and Game Information Sound Settings Game Sounds : Tap the switch to turn sounds on or off. Spin Settings Left Hand Mode : Tap to turn the left hand mode on or off. Bet Settings Bet in cash : Shows your bet amount in selected currency. Bet in coins : Shows your bet amount in coins. Coin value : Drag or tap the slider to select the coin value. Paytable Tap to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Rules Tap to view the game rules. Game History Tap to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Back Tap to go back to the main game. Quick Spin Quick Spin Tap to start Quick spin. Note: Some operators may not offer all of the listed game settings. Return to Player Return to player for bet of 10 coins (Max Bet), including the Supermeter mode: 95.1% - 98.9% Note: Playing the Supermeter mode is skill based and you need to choose the level to collect your winnings. The range of Return to player is due to the skill component of the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Supermeter mode Supermeter mode Jackpot Jackpot Last modification date: 4/24/2017