Willy's Hot Chillies Willy’s Hot Chillies™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot that features Multiplier Wild symbols and Willy's Hot Wheel feature. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all Casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin/cash wins, except for Willy's Hot Wheel feature wins, pay on bet lines only. Multiplier Wild Symbols Stacks of Multiplier Wild symbols can appear on reels 2-5. Stacks of Multiplier Wild symbols can cover from one position to the entire reel, depending on how the reel lands. Multiplier Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, except for other Multiplier Wild symbols and the Bonus symbol. Each Multiplier Wild symbol has one of the following multipliers: x2, x3, x4 or x5. All bet line wins with a Multiplier Wild symbol are multiplied by the corresponding Multiplier. If two or more Multiplier Wild symbols appear on a winning bet line, their Multipliers are added. Willy's Hot Wheel A Bonus symbol landing on reel 1 together with one or more stacks of Multiplier Wild symbols covering the entire reel 2, 3, 4 or 5 activates the Willy's Hot Wheel feature. The Willy's Hot Wheel feature is activated after the wins are evaluated. In the Willy's Hot Wheel feature, there is the Willy's Hot Wheel and the Chillie Multiplier. All wins during the Willy's Hot Wheel feature are multiplied by the Chillie Multiplier. The Chillie Multiplier value starts at x1. Every time a Chillie Multiplier appears on the Willy's Hot Wheel, the Chillie Multiplier value is increased by 1 till the end of the Willy's Hot Wheel feature. Any wins are evaluated after the Chillie Multiplier value is increased. Willy’s Hot Wheel is a 2-tiered wheel that spins horizontally. Both tiers spin simultaneously. Reels fully covered with Multiplier Wild symbols become Fire Pointers. The sum of all Multipliers on the Multiplier Wild symbols in the Fire Pointer is the amount of Willy’s Hot Wheel spins awarded for this Fire Pointer. This amount is displayed on each Fire Pointer. Each Willy’s Hot Wheel spin decreases the number of Willy’s Hot Wheel spins on the Fire Pointer by 1. When there are no Willy’s Hot Wheel spins left on the Fire Pointer, the Fire Pointer disappears. Each Fire Pointer can land on the following awards on Willy’s Hot Wheel: Coin Win: Awards a random coin win between x1 and x30 times the bet. +3 Spins symbol: Add 3 Willy’s Hot Wheel spins to the Fire Pointer that landed on this symbol. Extra symbol: Turns one of the reels into a Fire Pointer with the same amount of spins as on the Fire Pointer that landed on this symbol. If all reels are Fire Pointers, the Extra symbol adds 3 Willy’s Hot Wheel spins to the Fire Pointer that landed on this symbol. Chillie Multiplier symbol: Increases the Chillie Multiplier by 1 till the end of the Willy's Hot Wheel feature. After the Willy's Hot Wheel feature, the total win from the Willy's Hot Wheel feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Willy's Hot Wheel feature. After the Willy's Hot Wheel feature, the game returns to the round that activated the Willy's Hot Wheel feature. Willy's Hot Wheel feature is played at the same bet as the round that activated the Willy's Hot Wheel feature. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Willy's Hot Wheel is won . Stops Autoplay if the Willy's Hot Wheel is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Willy's Hot Wheel Willy's Hot Wheel Bonus Bonus Multiplier Wild Multiplier Wild Multiplier Multiplier Fire Pointer Fire Pointer Chillie Multiplier Chillie Multiplier +3 Spins +3 Spins Extra Extra Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Game rules generated: Last modification date: 12/28/2021