Casino Holdem Casino Hold'em Game Rules Casino Hold’em is played with a standard pack of cards with 52 cards (Jokers are excluded). The individual cards are ranked in the following falling order: Ace (high or low), King, Queen, Jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2. Players have the opportunity to place a separate bet; "AA-Bonus”. AA-Bonus winnings are paid when your hand contains a pair of aces or higher after the first three community cards are dealt (See: AA-Bonus Winnings Paytable). Players must finish playing the first round in order to receive any AA-bonus winnings. Players place bets on the “Ante”, and optionally on the “AA-Bonus”. The dealer deals out 2 cards (face up) to each player and 2 cards (face down) to himself. In addition, 3 ‘community’ cards are dealt face up in the middle of the table, this is called the ‘Flop’ and will eventually contain 5 cards. Players now continue by either ”Betting” or ”Folding”. If the player wishes to remain in the game, they place a bet on “Call” and the game continues (“Call” is always double the “Ante” amount). If the player chooses to ”Fold” the player forfeits the round and the player loses all his bets as well as any possible “AA-Bonus” winnings. If the player decides to continue ( “Bet” ), any possible “AA-Bonus” winnings will be paid out. If the player doesn’t have an “AA-Bonus” winning hand, all “AA-Bonus” bets will be lost. The dealer deals an additional 2 community cards (called the “Turn" and “River”) as well as shows his own hand. To find a winner the dealer now compares his hand against the players. The dealer must have a pair of 4s or higher to qualify. If the dealer doesn’t qualify: The player keeps his ”Ante” and ”Call” bet and wins with his ”Ante” according to the “Ante Winnings Payout Table”. If the dealer qualifies: If the dealer and the player have the same hand it is a ”Push” and the player gets back his ”Ante” and “Call” bet. If the dealer has a better hand, the player loses all of his bets. If the player has a better hand, the player keeps his ”Ante" and ”Call” bet and wins the "Ante" according to the "Ante Winnings Pay Table" and the "Call" which pays 1 to 1. Hands are counted in the following falling order: Royal flush Straight flush 4 of a kind Full house Flush Straight 3 of a kind 2 pairs Pair Results Dealer qualifies? Hand “Ante” Bet “Call” bet No Doesn’t apply According to “Ante Winnings Payout Table” Returned to player Yes Dealer and player have same hand Returned to player Returned to player Yes Player beats dealer According to “Ante Winnings Payout Table” Pays: 1 to 1 Yes Dealer beats player Lost Lost Ante Winnings Payout Table Hand Pays Royal flush 100 to 1 Straight flush 20 to 1 4 of a kind 10 to 1 Full house 3 to 1 Flush 2 to 1 Straight or lower 1 to 1 AA-Bonus Winnings Payout Table Hand Pays Flush or higher 25 to 1 Pair of Aces to Straight 7 to 1 Note: To zoom in on the Paytable, move the pointer over the Paytable image. Game settings To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for different events in the game. Fast play. Turn on or off fast play presentation. Game history. Click to view your latest game history Note: Some casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 98.75% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Paytable Paytable Straight Straight Flush Flush Straight Flush Straight Flush Royal Flush Royal Flush Three of a Kind Three of a Kind Four of a Kind Four of a kind Full House Full house Straight or Less Straight or Less Winning Winning Bonus Bonus Player wins Player wins Dealer Wins Dealer Wins Equal Hands Equal Hands Pays Pays Bet Lost Bet lost Pair Pair Flush or Higher Flush or higher Pair of Aces to Straight Pair of Aces to Straight AA Bonus Bet Max AA Bonus Bet Max DEALER QUALIFIES ON A PAIR OF 4S OR BETTER DEALER QUALIFIES ON A PAIR OF 4S OR BETTER Last modification date: 12/17/2018