Imperial Riches Game Overview Imperial Riches™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game featuring Avalanche™, Free Falls, the Lucky Pond Bonus Game, Jackpot Game with 5 different Jackpots and Wild substitution. The game is played with 15 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. All coin wins pay on bet lines only, except coin wins during the Lucky Pond Bonus Game and the Jackpot Game. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Wild Symbol In the main game and in Free Falls, Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on reels 2-4 only and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Avalanche™ Feature In the main game and in Free Falls, the symbols fall into position on the reels, instead of spinning. A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. All symbols in winning combinations apart from Scatter symbols, light up and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. Wins with Scatter symbols are paid only once during the Avalanche feature. The Scatter symbol wins will be awarded in total after the last Avalanche is played. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Free Falls 3 Scatter symbols appearing randomly anywhere on the reels in the main game, activate 10 Free Falls according to the Paytable. Each additional Scatter symbol appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game only, activates additional 5 Free Falls. Free Falls starts when there are no more bet line wins and the Avalanche™ feature ends. In Free Falls all winning symbols from winning bet lines are counted as jewels. The Lucky Pond Bonus Game is activated if any jewels have been collected. The Lucky Pond Bonus Game starts at the end of Free Falls. Jewels collected in Free Falls are falling down into the pond and they can be eaten by the Bonus Fish or the Coin Fish. The chance of either be eaten by the Coin Fish, the Bonus Fish, or fall down on the bottom of the pond is equal for every jewel. Jewels eaten by the Coin Fish award coin wins according to the Paytable and this win is multiplied by the bet level. Jewels eaten by the Bonus Fish are displayed on the indicators on the Bonus Fish. If the Bonus Fish have eaten 3 jewels during the Lucky Pond Bonus Game, the Jackpot Game is activated. The Lucky Pond Bonus Game ends only if all collected jewels are played. The Jackpot Game starts after the Lucky Pond Bonus Game. Free Falls are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round activating Free Falls. Free Falls wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Jackpot Game At the start of the Jackpot Game 50 jewels will fall down into the pond and can randomly trigger coin win or/and one of the 5 Jackpots. The Jackpot Game has 1 Coin Fish and 5 Jackpot Fishes. If 3 jewels have been eaten by the same Jackpot Fish, that Jackpot is won. Each Jackpot Fish has an indicator (right under the respective Jackpot counter), which increases with every eaten jewel. Jewels eaten by the Coin Fish award coin wins according to the Paytable and this win is multiplied by the bet level. Jewels eaten by the Jackpot Fish are displayed on the indicators under the Jackpot counter. The chance to win the progressive Jackpots correlates positively with the increase in the size of the bet. A maximum of 1 Jackpot can be won in the Jackpot Game. The Jackpot Game ends only if all jewels are played. The Jackpot Game has 3 progressive Jackpots and 2 fixed value Jackpots. The current Jackpot amount for each type of Jackpot is displayed at the top of the game. The Jackpot Game has 3 progressive Jackpots, meaning that every time the game is played, a portion of the bet is added to these Jackpots. The progressive Jackpots are the MEGA, MAJOR and MIDI Jackpots. 3.8% of the bet is contributed to the MEGA Jackpot. 13.2% of the contributions are set aside for the next Jackpot. 1.5% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. 6.7% of the contributions are set aside for the next Jackpot. 1% of the bet is contributed to the MIDI Jackpot. When a Jackpot is won, the start-up value for the next Jackpot is: MEGA: 4,500$ plus the 13.2% contributions set aside for the next MEGA Jackpot. MAJOR: 1,00 $ plus the 6.7% contributions set aside for the next MAJOR Jackpot. MIDI: 500 Euro. None of Jackpots can be won when PLAYING FOR FUN . There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. At the end of the Jackpot Game, the total win from the Jackpot Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Jackpot Game. Two fixed Jackpots are Mini Jackpot and Rapid Jackpot. The value for these Jackpots are: MINI: 500$ RAPID: 100$ Jackpot values displayed in the game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. On exceptionally rare occasions, it may happen that two Jackpots are won within those 30 seconds, in which case the win of the second Jackpot is the new re-seeded Jackpot which (on very rare occasions) is smaller than the previous Jackpot won. All players playing the game when a Jackpot is won will receive a notification within 30 seconds about the Jackpot amount being won. When one game round makes a claim for a certain Jackpot, it is locked for that game round and simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Jackpot. Therefore, it is technically not possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Jackpot. If the communication between the Casino and Jackpot server fails, the game becomes unavailable. There will be no contributions or claims towards the Jackpot. The Jackpot amount remains the same until the communication is resumed. The Progressive Jackpot amount paid out is the Progressive Jackpot value on the Casino server when a jackpot is won. Every effort is made to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game is the same as the one on the Casino server. The Jackpot is denominated in Euro and the Jackpot counter might be displayed in a currency other than that you are playing in. The currency conversion is based on currency exchange rates provided by SIX - the financial information provider. If you win a Jackpot and are playing Casino games with a different currency, the amount won is converted to the currency in which you are playing and is added to your account. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Falls is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Falls is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.88% Last modification date: 3/22/2022