Sparks™ Sparks™ Game Rules Sparks™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Win One Way mode, Win Both Ways mode, Wild substitutions and an Expanding Cloning Wild. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The game can be played in either Win One Way mode or in Win Both Ways mode. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. In Win One Way mode, only the highest win per active betline is paid. In Win Both Ways mode, only the highest win per active bet line from both ways is paid. In Win One Way mode, bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel only. In Win Both Ways mode, bet line wins pay if in succession from both the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel and from the rightmost reel to the leftmost reel. When playing in Win One Way mode, or in Win Both Ways mode the applicable paytable is displayed in the game. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.2 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Wild and Expanding Cloning Wild Wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on the reels and substitute for all symbols except for Expanding Cloning Wild symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Expanding Cloning Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 2 and 4 only and substitute for all symbols. Expanding Cloning Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE. When the Expanding Cloning Wild symbol appears on the reels, it will either stay the same, expand up or expand down, or expand in both directions. The Expanding Cloning Wild clones the adjacent symbol/s from the reel on its left onto the reel to its right in both Win One Way and Win Both Ways modes. If Expanding Cloning Wilds appear on reels 2 and 4 in the same spin, and expand to appear on the same row, the original cloned symbol/s are cloned again onto the rightmost reel. For example, the original cloned symbol/s (from reel 1 to reel 3) can be cloned again (from reel 3 to reel 5). The Expanding Cloning Wild symbols will appear as an overlay on the spinning reels. Cloned symbols also appear as an overlay on the reels. The Expanding Cloning Wild symbols expand in the same way for the play One Way mode and the Win Both Ways mode. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the single arrow to play the game in One Way mode. Click the double arrows to play the game in Win Both Ways mode. Click to choose which way to play (from Intro screen). Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game in Win One Way mode is 96.56%. The theoretical return to player for this game in Win Both Ways mode is 96.54% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Expanding Cloning Wild Expanding Cloning Wild Last modification date: 1/31/2017