Grand Spinn Touch Grand Spinn™ Game Rules Grand Spinn™ is a 3-reel, 3-row video slot with Multiplier Wilds, Nudge feature, and 3 Jackpots. The game is played on 1 bet line (fixed), 1 - 10 levels (2 coins per level), and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Nudge Feature Each time there is a winning combination on the reels, the Nudge feature is activated. After the win count up, if the top symbol on the first reel is the same as the winning symbol, the first reel moves 1 symbol down and the win is awarded again. The reel will nudge until the symbol above the winning one is different. This process is then repeated for the second reel and eventually the third reel. When a reel stops nudging, there might be an up arrow symbol at the top of the reel. In this case, the reel will be moved to the bottom of the current stack of winning symbols and the win will be counted up. The reels will then start nudging and paying from this position as described above. The up arrow symbol will be removed after one use and replaced by a blank symbol. Once the reel is at the top of the stack of winning symbols, the nudging will continue on the next reel as usual, until the third reel has been nudged fully. Blank symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1-3. Blank symbols do not pay. Nudge feature is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during the Nudge feature. Nudge feature wins are added to the balance. Multiplier Wilds Multiplier Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1-3 and substitute for all symbols, except up arrow symbol and Jackpot symbols. One Multiplier Wild on the winning bet line multiplies the win by 2, two Multiplier Wilds multiply the win by 4 and three Multiplier Wilds multiply the win by 8. The Jackpot wins are not affected by the Multiplier Wild symbol. Jackpot Rules When all the reels are done nudging, there might be Jackpot symbols present at the top of the reels. If each reel has a Jackpot symbol on the top of a winning stack, the player is awarded the lowest paying Jackpot out of the present Jackpot symbols. For example: 3 Mega Jackpot symbols will pay out the Mega Jackpot; 2 Mega Jackpot symbols and 1 Midi Jackpot Symbol will award the Midi Jackpot; and 1 Mega Jackpot symbol, 1 Midi Jackpot symbol and 1 Mini Jackpot symbol will award the Mini Jackpot. If there is no winning combination on the reels, but 3 Jackpot symbols land on the bet line, the relevant Jackpot is awarded with the above rule. Mini Jackpot is a fixed Jackpot which awards a coin win of 40 multiplied by the bet level. Midi Jackpot is a fixed Jackpot which awards a coin win of 200 multiplied by the bet level. Mega Jackpot is a fixed Jackpot which awards a coin win of 10000 multiplied by the bet level. Jackpot wins are added to the balance. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Quick Stop : Click the spin button to stop the reels spinning. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Scroll up and down to view the information. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If Jackpot is won . Stops Autoplay when Jackpot is won. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.19% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Jackpot Jackpot Mini Mini Midi Midi Mega Mega Multiplier Wild Multiplier Wild Nudge Nudge Game rules generated: Last modification date: 7/24/2019