Football: Champions Cup Game Rules Football: Champions Cup™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Wild and Overlay Wild substitutions, Free Spins and a Bonus Game. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The players can pick the team they want to play for by clicking the respective team's flag in the country selector. Alternatively, players can click the Random button to choose a team randomly. The player can change the team to play for during the main game by clicking the flag icon. The chosen team does not affect the winnings or the game flow. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Wild symbols can appear on any reel and will substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays a winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Overlay Wild Between 2 and 5 Overlay Wilds can appear in the main game. The first Overlay Wild randomly appears on reels 1-3. The second Overlay Wild randomly appears on reels 1-4. If there are additional Overlay Wilds, they land anywhere where there is no Wild symbol already. Overlay Wilds can not land on top of other Wild symbols. Overlay Wilds can not land on top of a Scatter or a Bonus symbol. Bonus Game 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels, activate the Bonus game. The Bonus Game is a pick and click penalty shootout game that initially consists of 5 rounds. Each round, in turn, consists of two parts. In the first part, the player picks one of the 4 positions on the screen to try and score. In the second part, the player acts as a goalkeeper and picks one of 4 positions to try and save the opponent's shot. If the player scores, their team's score increases by 1, and a coin win is awarded. If the player saves the opponent’s shot, a win multiplier is awarded. Every time the player saves the opponent's shot, the win multiplier increases by 1. If the player fails to save the opponent’s shot, the opponent’s score increases by one. If the player fails to score, neither the coin win nor the multiplier are awarded, and the shootout continues. If after the 5 rounds the score is tied, an additional round is played until one team wins. The coins collected at the end of the Bonus Game are multiplied by the final multiplier. The number of coins is awarded as the total Bonus win. The coin win range and the multiplier are dependent on the number of Bonus symbols that activated the Bonus Game. The more Bonus symbols activate the Bonus Game, the better. If the Bonus Game is activated with 3 Bonus symbols, the initial multiplier is 1, and can range from x1 to x11. The coin win for a scored goal in the Bonus Game that was activated with 3 Bonus symbols can range from x1 to x3 times bet. If the Bonus Game is activated with 4 Bonus symbols, the initial multiplier is 3, and can range from x3 to x 13. The coin win for a scored goal in the Bonus Game that was activated with 4 Bonus symbols can range from x2 to x4 times bet. If the Bonus Game is activated with 5 Bonus symbols, the initial multiplier is 5, and can range from x5 to x15. The coin win for a scored goal in the Bonus Game that was activated with 5 Bonus symbols can range from x5 to x7 times bet. The maximum number of penalty rounds can reach up to 10. If the score is tied after 9 rounds, the next round will be the final one, where the player is guaranteed to score and save. When the player saves the opponent’s shot on the 10th round, the win multiplier can increase either by 1 or by 2. The Bonus Game ends when one of the teams has won. The player is guaranteed to receive a coin win. The minimum and maximum wins in the Bonus Game are 20 and 98 000 coins respectively. At the end of the Bonus Game, the total Bonus win is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing in the main game anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The Free Spins Tournament imitates the knockout stage in the football Championship. Each Free Spins round is a separate football game, where by winning the match the player advances to the next round and plays another match, thus reactivating the Free Spins. The goal is to win the Tournament, as coin prizes are awarded for 3rd, 2nd, and 1st place. The maximum number of Free Spin rounds is 4, since the player advances from the round of 16 to the Quarterfinal, then to the Semifinal and the Final. Each round consists of 6 spins. Free Spins feature regular Wilds and Scoring Wilds that trigger goals for the player's and the opponent's teams, depending on what reel they land. Wilds and Scoring Wilds both substitute for all symbols. Regular Wilds can land on any reel. Blue Scoring Wild symbols land only on reels 1 and 2 and trigger a goal for the player's team, red Scoring Wild symbols land only on reels 4 and 5 and trigger the goal for the opponent's team. If the score is tied after the initial 6 spins in each round, an extra spin is given. This continues until one team wins. If the player's team wins, the player advances to the next stage of the Tournament and wins 6 more Free Spins. If the player loses the Semifinal, a consolation bronze match is played. The coin win depends on what place the player has won. The first place awards the player with a x500 bet multiplier, second place - x100 bet multiplier and the third place - x20 bet multiplier. No Scatter or Bonus symbols can appear on the reels during all rounds of the Free Spins Tournament. All bet line wins during each of the Free Spins Tournament round are added to any wins from the round that activated the Free Spins together with the coin win, the amount of which depends on the place the player has taken. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click to randomly choose the team to play for. Click to change the team to play for (the icon displays the flag of the previously chosen team). Click to navigate between the teams' flags. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Bonus Game is won . Stops Autoplay when Bonus Game is won. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.82% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Overlay Wild Overlay Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Bonus Game Bonus Game Last modification date: 12/28/2021