Super Nudge 6000 Game Rules Super Nudge 6000™ is a 5-line, multiple coin slot with two 3x3 reels, featuring basic mode and supermeter mode with an automated nudge function. You can bet 1 or 10 coins in the basic mode. Click to set the coin value to €1. Click to set the coin value to €0.10. Click to set the coin value to €0.20. At bet 1, only bet line 1 is active and wins are automatically collected. At bet 10, all 5 bet lines are active, and you can collect your winnings or play in the supermeter mode. Win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added, in both basic and supermeter mode. All wins pay on selected bet lines only. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . Payouts are made according to the paytable in the game. For more information see Payout Schedule. Winning Bet Lines Supermeter Mode Max bet (bet 10) is required to enter the supermeter mode. If you play max bet in Super Nudge 6000 and win, you also have the option to enter Supermeter mode. You can bet 20, 40 or 60 coins in the supermeter mode. All 5 bet lines are active at the pre-selected coin value. The Supermeter features an automated nudge function. Bet 20 = Maximum 1 nudge. Bet 40 = Maximum 2 nudges. Bet 60 = Maximum 3 nudges. Note: If the highest possible win can be attained with less than the maximum given nudges, the remaining nudges will not be used. 3 Crowns get a mystery win (MYSTERY WIN) ranging from 300-6000 coins. All supermeter credits are stored in the supermeter. Supermeter credits can be collected and returned to the basic game. The player then has a chance to play another game or collect the winnings. If the game is lost then the remaining coins, excluding the bet amount for the game played, will be added to the credit meter and the Supermeter mode ends. Supermeter wins are paid out according to the highlighted paytable that displays to the left and right of the supermeter reels. Once the Supermeter mode reaches 6000 or more coins, the amount is automatically collected and the player is returned to the base game. How to Play Click a coin to select your coin value. BET allows you to select the bet (1 or 10 in basic mode, and 20, 40 or 60 in supermeter mode). MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines, bet level, and pre-selected coin value. COLLECT moves your credit from the supermeter game to the basic game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Sound effects. Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Fast play. Turns on or off fast play. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player Return to player for bet of 1 coin: 74.9% Return to player for bet of 10 coins (Max Bet), including the Supermeter mode: 93.2% - 96.8% Note: Playing the Supermeter mode is skill based and you need to choose the bet size and the level to collect your winnings. The range of Return to player is due to the skill component of the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Supermeter Supermeter Nudge Official term for Nudge Last modification date: 10/14/2020