Bee Hive Bonanza GAME RULES Bee Hive Bonanza™ is a 5-row, 5-reel video slot with the Scatter Pays mechanic. The game has the Money Bee feature, the Avalanche™ feature, as well as Free Spins with an increasing Multiplier. The game is played with scattered combinations of symbols and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. 6 or more of the same symbols appearing anywhere on the reels award a scattered win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A scattered win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Only the highest win per scattered combination is paid. Simultaneous scattered wins from combinations of different symbols are added. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 5000 times the bet. When the current total win hits the win cap, the game round ends, and the win amount of the cap value is awarded. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. All symbols in winning scattered combinations, Bee symbols in the Money Bee feature, as well as Scatter symbols collected into the collect meter in Free Spins, explode and disappear from the reels at the same time, starting an Avalanche. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Money Bee Feature In the main game and in Free Spins, Beehives, Adder Beehives, and Multiplier Beehives, as well as Bee symbols with values of 1, 2, 5, or 10 times the bet can randomly appear on the reels during the spins and the Avalanches. In the Money Bee feature, every Bee symbol appearing on the reels with at least one Beehive, Adder Beehive or Multiplier Beehive, disappears from the reels and its value is added to each Beehive, Adder Beehive, and Multiplier Beehive on the reels, awarding a respective win. Multiplier Beehive multiplies values of all Bee symbols appearing on the reels by 2 before they are added to each Beehive, Multiplier Beehive, or Adder Beehive on the reels. Adder Beehive increases values of all Bee symbols appearing on the reels by the bet value before they are added to each Beehive, Multiplier Beehive, or Adder Beehive on the reels. If a Multiplier Beehive and an Adder Beehive appear on the reels at the same time, the effect of the Multiplier Beehive is applied first. Only one Adder Beehive and one Multiplier Beehive can appear on the reels in the same spin. The Money Bee feature wins are added to any wins from the spin. Free Spins 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in the main game activate 10, 15, or 20 Free Spins respectively. In Free Spins, Scatter symbols appearing on the reels are collected into the collect meter and then disappear from the reels. Each 3 collected Scatter symbols award 2 additional Free Spins and a Multiplier as follows: Number of Scatter symbols Multiplier 3 x2 6 x3 9 x4 12 x5 The maximum number of Scatter symbols that can be collected in Free Spins is 12. Scatter symbols are collected into the collect meter before the wins are evaluated. The values of all Bee symbols are multiplied by the awarded Multiplier before they are collected into Beehives, Multiplier Beehives, and/or Adder Beehives, but after the Multiplier Beehive and/or Adder Beehive effect applies. All scattered wins are then also multiplied by the awarded Multiplier. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0 or when the current total win hits the win cap. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.09%. Last modification date: 11/30/2022