Let it Burn GAME RULES Let It Burn™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot featuring 4 types of action Wild symbols, moving Rolling Reels with bet ways increase, and Free Spins with expanding rows. The game is played with 1024 bet ways in the main game, 3125 bet ways in Free Spins, and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Example as follows: More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Diamond symbols is 5 symbols on reels 1-5. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Diamond symbols on each of these reels: 4 x 1 x 4 x 1 x 1 = 16 winning bet ways. Wild Symbols Wild symbols, Wild +3 symbols, Wild Up symbols, Wild Left symbols, and Wild Right symbols can only land on the Rolling Reels in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild symbols, Wild +3 symbols, Wild Up symbols, Wild Left symbols, and Wild Right symbols substitute for all symbols except for each other and Scatter symbols. Wild symbol, Wild +3 symbol, Wild Up symbol, Wild Left symbol, and Wild Right symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Rolling Reels Rolling Reels can randomly appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and in Free Spins and are assigned an initial value of 1x. The position occupied by a Rolling Reel spins inpidually during every spin in the main game and in Free Spins. A Wild +3 symbol landing on a Rolling Reel increases the value of that Rolling Reel by 3. During the next spin, the value of the Rolling Reel increases by 1 and it moves one position down. A Wild Up symbol landing on a Rolling Reel moves that Rolling Reel to the highest position on its reel and increases its value by 1 during the next spin. If a Wild Up symbol lands on a Rolling Reel that already occupies the highest position on its reel, that Rolling Reel does not move during the next spin, but its value still increases by 1. A Wild Left symbol landing on a Rolling Reel moves that Rolling Reel one position to the left and increases its value by 1 during the next spin. A Wild Right symbol landing on a Rolling Reel moves that Rolling Reel one position to the right and increases its value by 1 during the next spin. Any symbol other than Wild +3 symbol, Wild Up symbol, Wild Left symbol, or Wild Right symbol landing on a Rolling Reel moves that Rolling Reel one position down during the next spin and increases its value by 1. A Rolling Reel reaching the lowest position on its reel disappears during the next spin unless a Wild Up symbol, Wild Left symbol, or Wild Right symbol lands on it. If two or more Rolling Reels move to the same position on the reel, they merge into one Rolling Reel during the next spin and their values are added after they have been increased. If a symbol on a Rolling Reel becomes a part of a bet way win, the symbol count on the bet way increases by the value of that Rolling Reel. For example, the longest winning combination of Diamond symbols is 5 symbols on reels 1-5. The winning symbol count on reel 3 increases by the value of the Rolling Reel: 3 + 4 = 7. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Diamond symbols on the reels: 3 x 1 x 7 x 1 x 1 = 21 winning bet ways. All Rolling Reels values and positions are linked to the bet and saved with it. Each bet is saved separately. Whenever you change your bet to a bet you have not played at, all Rolling Reels are cleared from the reels while their respective symbols are left in the same positions except for Wild +3 symbols, Wild Up symbols, Wild Left symbols, and Wild Right symbols which are replaced with Wild symbols. Whenever you change your bet to a bet you already played at, the Rolling Reels values and positions are restored together with the bet. Free Spins 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in the main game activate 10, 15, or 20 Free Spins respectively. 2, 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels during Free Spins award 3, 5, 8, or 12 additional Free Spins respectively. The reel area in Free Spins increases to 5 rows. The Rolling Reels from the main game do not transfer to Free Spins. Instead, they are saved to be restored when Free Spins end. At the start of Free Spins, 1 to 3 Rolling Reels are randomly placed on the play area and are assigned an initial value of 1x. The Rolling Reels do not move during the first Free Spin. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. The Rolling Reels from Free Spins do not transfer to the main game. Game Functions The table below lists different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.02%. Last modification date: 4/11/2023