Silverback Gold GAME RULES Silverback Gold™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with Silverback Attack feature, Bonus Game, and Free Spins featuring symbol upgrade and Multiplier Wild symbols. The game is played with 1024 bet ways and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Matching symbols in any position on two or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel result in a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Example as follows: Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Silverback symbols is 5 symbols on reels 1-5. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Silverback symbols on each of these reels: 3 x 2 x 1 x 1 x 2 = 12 winning bet ways. Wild Symbol and Multiplier Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and in Free Spins. A Wild symbol appearing on the reels in Free Spins randomly turns into an x2 or x3 Multiplier Wild symbol. All bet way wins with a Multiplier Wild symbol are multiplied by its value. If two or more Multiplier Wild symbols appear on a winning bet way, the bet way win is multiplied by the product of their values. Wild symbols and Multiplier Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol and Multiplier Wild symbol substitutions pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Silverback Attack Feature The Silverback Attack feature may be randomly activated in the main game and in Free Spins. When the Silverback Attack feature is activated, 6 to 20 Silverback symbols are randomly placed on the reels at the start of the spin. When the Silverback Attack feature is activated in Free Spins, Silverback symbols may randomly appear on the reels with tokens. In Free Spins, if the Silverback symbol is upgraded to Golden Silverback symbol when the Silverback Attack feature is activated, 6 to 20 Golden Silverback symbols are randomly placed on the play area while the reels are spinning. Bonus Game 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in the main game activate Bonus Game and Free Spins. The Bonus Game is played first. The starting number of spins in the Bonus Game is 3. All spins in the Bonus Game are free. The positions with Scatter symbols that activated the Bonus Game turn into tokens of the random value of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, or 25 and become locked. In the Bonus Game, every position on the reels spins individually. The locked positions do not spin. Only tokens can land on the reels in Bonus Game. Every time a token falls on the reels, it flips to reveal its random value of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, or 25, the position with the token becomes locked, and the number of spins is reset back to 3. Bonus Game ends when the spins counter reaches 0, when all positions become locked, or when the total value of all collected tokens reaches 300 or more. At the end of the Bonus Game, the total value of all tokens is saved, and Free Spins start. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in the main game activate 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins activate 3, 10, 15 or 20 additional Free Spins respectively. At the start of Free Spins, the total value of the tokens awarded in Bonus Game is added to the collect meter. The maximum total value of the tokens awarded in Bonus Game that can be added to the collect meter is 300. Anything over 300 is annulled. In Free Spins, tokens may randomly appear on Silverback symbols. The tokens are assigned a random value of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, or 25. At the end of each Free Spin, the values of all tokens on the reels are added to the collect meter. When the number on the collect meter reaches certain points, the corresponding symbols are upgraded to Silverback symbols as follows: Collect meter point Symbol to upgrade 30 60 120 200 When the number on the collect meter reaches 300, all Silverback symbols are upgraded to Golden Silverback symbols. Golden Silverback symbols can appear on the reels only as an upgrade for Silverback symbols in Free Spins. Symbols are upgraded after the bet way wins are evaluated. The upgrades remain active until Free Spins end. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Note: If Free Spins are activated during Autoplay, Autoplay stops, and the Bonus Game and Free Spins are played manually. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.11%. Last modification date: 1/20/2022