Elements: The Awakening™ Game Rules Elements: The Awakening™ is a 5-column, 3-row, 20-line video slot with an Avalanche™ feature and 4 different Free Fall modes each with a different Wild. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the columns during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost column to the rightmost column. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into position on the columns, instead of spinning. A winning bet line will start an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. Free Fall modes activated by winning Avalanches start when there are no more wins and the Avalanche feature ends. Each new game round starts with an empty Avalanche meter. Avalanche Meter The Avalanche meter in the main game increases by one for each successive fall containing at least one bet line win up to a maximum of 4 Avalanches. The colours shown on the Avalanche meter match the leading element in the current round. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins; each new game round starts with an empty Avalanche meter. Energy Meter In the main game there is an element Energy meter that displays the leading element, the section of the Energy meter with the most energy indicates which Free Falls mode is entered if Free Falls is activated. The Energy meter is divided into four sections, one for each element, which fills up following a winning bet line. The Play button changes to the Energy Meter during a game round or when a game round starts and fills with energy from one or more winning Elements from the winning bet line combinations. The colours shown on the Energy meter match the winning element in the current round. If the energy for 2 elements is equal the Free Falls mode will be chosen randomly. Each new game round starts with an empty Energy Meter. Free Falls 4 or more consecutive Avalanches in a game round appearing anywhere on the columns in the main game activate one of the Free Fall modes. Free Falls are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round activating Free Falls. There are 4 separate Free Falls modes called Fire Storm mode, Air Storm mode, Earth Storm mode, and Water Storm mode. Each Free Falls mode has a unique Wild symbol feature that can appear on the columns for a chance at bigger wins. Each Free Fall mode awards 10 Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the game returns to the round that activated Free Falls. At the end of Free Falls, the total win from Free Falls is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Falls. Wild In the main game Wild symbols can only appear on columns 2, 3, 4 and 5, and substitute for all symbols. All Wild symbols substitute for all symbols in the main game and in Free Falls. All Wild symbol substitutions in the main game and in Free Falls pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet line. Fire Storm Wild Fire Storm Wild symbols appear on columns 2, 3 and 4 in Fire Storm mode and can expand to include columns 1 and 5. Fire Storm Wild symbols can spread in any direction on the columns, transforming any two adjacent symbols into Wild symbols for a chance of bigger wins. Air Storm Wild 2 Air Storm Wild symbols fall randomly on the columns in the first Free Fall and remain on the columns for the entire Air Storm mode. After the first fall, the Wild symbols move randomly to an adjacent position on the columns for each fall or Avalanche. The Wild symbols spin before moving into the next position on the columns to show the direction they will move. Earth Storm Wild Earth Storm Wild symbols can only appear on columns 2, 3 and 4 in Earth Storm mode. Earth Storm Wild symbols remain on the columns until they have been included in one or more winning betlines, in three Avalanches, or until there are no more wins. Water Storm Wild Water Storm Wild symbols can only appear on columns 2, 3 and 4 in Water Storm mode. The Water Storm Wild is an Expanding Wild and expands vertically to cover the entire column transforming symbols into Wild symbols. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of rounds to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the centre button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick play . Turns the quick play on or off. (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics Quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to play . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Falls is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Falls is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Falls, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.0% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology English Term Translated Term Avalanche Avalanche Free Falls Free Falls Wild Wild Air Storm Wild Air Storm Wild Fire Storm Wild Fire Storm Wild Water Storm Wild Water Storm Wild Earth Storm Wild Earth Storm Wild Last modification date: 10/14/2020