Flowers HTML Game Rules Flowers™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Double symbols, Wild substitutions, and Free spins with stacked Wild symbols. You can play 1-30 bet lines at different bet levels. The spin button plays the game at the current lines, bet level, and coin value. The bet lines are set using the LINES selector. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the pre-selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spin and Double symbols. Wild symbols substituting Double symbols pay the value of a single symbol when appearing on a winning line. Wild symbol can count as a single symbol only. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Bet lines win if the winning symbols are in succession from the leftmost reel to right. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. Some features may not be available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Double symbols Free spin symbols and medium win symbols can be either single or Double symbols. Double symbols count as 2 single symbols. Double Free Spin symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wins are determined by the total number of symbols appearing on a bet line. With Double symbols, a winning bet line can have from 3 to 10 symbols in total. Free spins with stacked Wild The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. Free spin symbols can appear as single or Double symbols. 4 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate Free spins. Additional Free Spins won are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. In Free Spins, 4 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate additional Free Spins. Free Spins wins are x3. Free spins symbols* Bet multiplier Free spins won 8 10 30 7 4 25 6 2 20 5 2 15 4 2 10 3 2 - Double symbols count as 2 single symbols. Free spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free spins. During Free spins, stacked Wild symbols can appear on the reels for a chance at bigger wins! Any Free spins won are automatically added to the current Free spins. Bet line wins are tripled in Free Spins, excluding additional Free Spins won. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Game history . Click to view your latest game history Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.32% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Double Double Double Free Spins Double Free Spins Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Last modification date: 3/10/2022