Lost Relics Game Overview Lost Relics™ is a 5-reel, 5-row video slot with Cluster Pays™ mechanic featuring Coin Win, Extra Wild, Extra Scatter and Free Spins. The game is played with clusters of symbols, 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. There are no bet lines. 6 or more symbols appearing in a cluster award a win according to the Paytable. A symbol is part of a cluster if it is horizontally or vertically adjacent to the same symbol. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other pay as separate clusters. Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added. Only the highest win per cluster is paid. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A cluster win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. Paytable multiplied by the bet level. --> A cluster win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Random Features In the main game, when a spin results in a winning combination, up to five instances of three random features in any combination may be activated after the reels stop, but before any wins are paid out. The main game contains the following random features: Coin Win feature, Extra Wild feature and Extra Scatter feature. In the main game, random features may be randomly hidden under the symbols which are a part of a winning cluster. Coin Win Feature When the Coin Win feature is activated, one of the symbols in a winning combination awards a coin win of between 3 and 30 times the bet. The symbol awarding the coin win is still a part of the winning cluster. Any wins from the Coin Win feature are added to any wins from the round that activated the Coin Win feature. Extra Wild Feature When the Extra Wild feature is activated, three extra Wild symbols are awarded and randomly placed on the reels in the positions that are not part of the winning cluster and not occupied by Scatter or Wild symbols. Three extra Wild symbols placed on the reels may result in activating another feature. Up to 15 Wild symbols may appear on the reels as a result of the Extra Wild feature. Wild symbols may contribute to a cluster of any symbol and may be a part of more than 1 cluster. Wild symbols award a win only in combination with other symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a cluster according to the Paytable. Extra Scatter Feature When the Extra Scatter feature is activated, one of the symbols in a winning combination awards an extra Scatter symbol. No more than 3 Scatter symbols may be awarded in total from base game and the Extra Scatter feature. After 3 Scatter symbols are awarded in either base game and/or by the Extra Scatter feature, the Extra Scatter feature cannot be activated. The symbol awarding the Extra Scatter is still a part of the winning cluster. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols collected in the main game activate 10 Free Spins. Scatter symbols can appear anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game (except Scatter symbols awarded by the Extra Scatter feature which appear in the winning clusters in the main game). Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Hidden Chest Feature Hidden Chest feature is available in Free Spins only. In Free Spins, a chest occupying a number of spaces is randomly hidden behind the reels. Spaces under the winning clusters become uncovered and may reveal the hidden chest. Uncovered spaces carry over to the next spin until the chest is fully uncovered. Once all spaces covering the chest have been uncovered, the chest is awarded and a random number and combination of the following features are granted to the player: Extra Free Spins, Sticky Wild and Coin Win. When the Extra Free Spins feature is granted in a chest, an additional Free Spin is automatically added to the current Free Spins. The maximum number of Extra Free Spins that can be awarded in a single Free Spins session is 25. After awarding the total of 25 Extra Free Spins, the chests stop granting Extra Free Spins in the given Free Spins session. When the Sticky Wild feature is granted in a chest, a Wild symbol randomly takes position of another symbol on the reels and remains there until the end of Free Spins. A Sticky Wild cannot replace another Sticky Wild. The maximum number of concurrent Sticky Wilds present on the reels is 6. When the Coin Win feature is granted in a chest, a coin win of between 1 and 30 times the bet is awarded. After a chest has been found, the uncovered spaces are reset and must be uncovered again, and a new chest is hidden in a random location. There are 3 types of chests: small, medium and large. The type of the chest is randomly picked from the 3 types, except for the first two chests which are always either small or medium. Small Chest Small chests grant 3 to 5 instances of features. Small chests always grant at least 1 Extra Free Spin. Small chests grant up to 1 Sticky Wild per chest. Small chests are 2 spaces wide and 1 space tall. Medium Chest Medium chests grant 6 to 10 instances of features. Medium chests always grant at least 2 Extra Free Spins. Medium chests grant up to 2 Sticky Wilds per chest. Medium chests are 2 spaces wide and 2 spaces tall. Large Chest Large chests grant 11 to 15 instances of features. Large chests always grant at least 3 Extra Free Spins. Large chests grant up to 3 Sticky Wilds per chest. Large chests are 3 spaces wide and 2 spaces tall. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.30% Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Cluster Pays™ Cluster Pays Coin Win Coin Win Wild Wild Extra Wild Extra Wild Sticky Wild Sticky Wild Scatter Scatter Extra Scatter Extra Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Extra Free Spins Extra Free Spins Hidden Chest Hidden Chest Last modification date: 12/28/2021