Starburst XXXtreme Starburst™ XXXtreme is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Starburst™ Wild symbol with Re-Spins and Multipliers, Random Wilds feature, and XXXtreme Spins. The game is played with 9 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 200 000 times the bet. Starburst™ Wild Symbol Starburst™ Wild symbols can appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Starburst™ Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Starburst™ Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. RE-SPINS One or more Starburst™ Wild symbols appearing on the reels expand to cover the entire reel and award a Re-Spin. Any additional Starburst™ Wild symbol appearing on the reels during the Re-Spin also expands and awards another Re-Spin. During Re-Spins, the reels covered with Starburst™ Wild symbols are locked while the other reels spin. Re-Spins end when no additional Starburst™ Wild symbols appear on the reels during the Re-Spin. Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating the Re-Spins. At the end of Re-Spins, the total win from Re-Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Re-Spins MULTIPLIER Each Starburst™ Wild symbol awards a random Multiplier of the following value: x2, x3, x5, x10, x25, x50, x100, x150. The Multiplier applies to the bet line win of the spin during which it was awarded and the Re-Spin. If more than one Multiplier is awarded during the spin and Re-Spins, any bet line wins from this spin and the following Re-Spin are multiplied by the sum of these Multipliers. The wins are evaluated at the end of each spin and each Re-Spin. If Starburst™ Wild symbols appear on the reels, the wins are evaluated at the end of each spin and each Re-Spin, after Starburst™ Wild symbols expand and Multipliers are awarded. Random Wilds Feature The Random Wilds feature can be randomly activated after a spin or a Re-Spin. When the Random Wilds feature is activated, 1 to 3 Starburst™ Wild symbols randomly land on reels 2,3, and 4. In the Random Wilds feature, Starburst™ Wild symbols cannot land on top of other Starburst™ Wild symbols. XXXtreme Spins You can activate XXXtreme Spins to guarantee the appearance of Starburst™ Wild symbol(s) on reels 2, 3, or 4 for a higher bet. Activating XXXtreme Spins costs 10 times the bet for 1 guaranteed Starburst™ Wild symbol per spin and 95 times the bet for 2 guaranteed Starburst™ Wild symbols per spin. XXXtreme Spins remain active until You deactivate them. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.26%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins is 96,45%. Note: Game History always shows the theoretical return to player for this game without activated XXXtreme Spins. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off. (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Activate XXXtreme Spins Click to activate XXXtreme Spins. Deactivate XXXtreme Spins Click to deactivate XXXtreme Spins. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off. (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by : Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by : Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.26%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins is 96,45%. Note: Game History always shows the theoretical return to player for this game without activated XXXtreme Spins. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Starburst™ Wild Starburst™ Wild Multiplier Multiplier Random Wilds Random Wilds Re-Spin Re-Spin Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win XXXtreme Spins XXXtreme Spins XXXtreme Win XXXtreme Win Super XXXtreme Win Super XXXtreme Win COMBO COMBO SUPER COMBO SUPER COMBO MEGA COMBO MEGA COMBO Last modification date: 5/4/2022