Wilderland Wilderland™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line (fixed) video slot featuring the Forest Treasure feature with 4 different Walking Wild symbols, the Magic Wild feature and Free Spins. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values and coin values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Forest Treasure Feature In the main game, there is an Activation Zone covering the middle row. In Free Spins, the Activation Zone covers all three rows. Two or more Wild symbols appearing horizontally adjacent to one another in the Activation Zone activate the Forest Treasure feature. In the Forest Treasure feature, each of the regular Wild symbols activating the Forest Treasure feature transforms into one of four Walking Wild symbols: a Walking Wild, an Expanding Walking Wild, an x2 Walking Wild, or a Scatter Walking Wild. A regular Wild symbol landing in the Activation Zone next to any Walking Wild symbol also activates the Forest Treasure feature and transforms into one of the Walking Wild symbols. Horizontally adjacent Wild symbols appearing on the reels as the result of the Forest Treasure feature activation do not transform into Walking Wild symbols. Whenever you change your bet in cash or coins, all Walking Wild symbols are saved with the bet value and disappear from the reels. Whenever you change your bet back, all Walking Wild symbols are restored on the reels together with the bet value. All wins are evaluated after the Forest Treasure feature is activated. Wild & Walking Wild Symbols There are 5 types of Wild symbols in the game: a regular Wild, a Walking Wild, an Expanding Walking Wild, an x2 Walking Wild and a Scatter Walking Wild. Regular Wild symbols can appear on any reel in the main game and in Free Spins. All Walking Wild symbols can appear only when the Forest Treasure feature is activated. All Walking Wild symbols move one reel to the left at the start of each spin. Expanding Walking Wild symbol transforms into a stack of Walking Wild symbols covering the entire reel. All bet line wins with an x2 Walking Wild symbol are multiplied by 2. If two or more x2 Walking Wild symbols appear on a winning bet line, the win is multiplied by 2 for each x2 Walking Wild symbol. Regular Wild, Walking Wild, Expanding Walking Wild and x2 Walking Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols and other Walking Wild symbols. Scatter Walking Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for other Walking Wild symbols. Regular Wild, Walking Wild, Expanding Walking Wild, x2 Walking Wild and Scatter Walking Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Magic Wild Feature In the main game, when a stack of 3 Walking Wild symbols disappears from reel 1 and there are no Walking Wild symbols on the reels, the Magic Wild feature may be activated and the disappearing Walking Wild symbols may reappear on reel 5. In Free Spins, when any number of Walking Wild symbols disappear from reel 1 and there are no Walking Wild symbols on the reels, the Magic Wild feature may be activated and the disappearing Walking Wild symbols may reappear on reel 5. Free Spins Regular Scatter symbols can appear on the top and bottom rows in the main game. 3 or more Scatter and/or Scatter Walking Wild symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. 3 Scatter and/or Scatter Walking Wild symbols activating Free Spins award one Walking Wild symbol in the middle of reel 5 during the first Free Spin. Each additional Scatter symbol activating Free Spins awards one additional randomly placed Walking Wild or x2 Walking Wild symbol during the first Free Spin. In Free Spins, the Activation Zone covers all three rows. Two or more Wild symbols appearing horizontally adjacent to one another on any row in the Activation Zone activate the Forest Treasure feature. In Free Spins, Scatter Walking Wild symbols cannot be awarded in the Forest Treasure feature. In Free Spins, if an Expanding Walking Wild symbol appears on the same reel as an x2 Walking Wild symbol, the entire reel is covered with x2 Walking Wild symbols. Free Spins end when there are no Walking Wild symbols on the reels. The minimum number of Free Spins is 6. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the main game. All Walking Wild symbols that were on the reels at the end of the round that activated Free Spins are restored. If Free Spins and the Forest Treasure feature are awarded at the same time, the Forest Treasure feature is activated first. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn Quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick Spin : Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.16%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Forest Treasure Forest Treasure Activation Zone Activation Zone Wild Wild Walking Wild Walking Wild Expanding Walking Wild Expanding Walking Wild x2 Walking Wild x2 Walking Wild Scatter Walking Wild Scatter Walking Wild Scatter Scatter Free Spins Free Spins Magic Wild Magic Wild Last modification date: 12/28/2021