Joker Pro™ Game Rules Joker Pro™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Joker Pro Re-Spins and the Hot Spot Win. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only. Joker Pro Re-Spins In the main game, one or more Scatter symbols landing on reels 2, 3, or 4 activate the Joker Pro Re-Spins. Scatter symbols can only appear in the main game on reels 2, 3 and 4. If three Scatter symbols land in the middle of reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game, the Hot Spot Win of 1000 times the total bet is awarded. Joker Pro Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the Joker Pro Re-Spins. During Joker Pro Re-Spins, reels 1 and 5 turn into Wild reels and three Hot Spot positions appear in the middle of reels 2, 3, and 4. The Scatter symbols that activated the Joker Pro Re-Spins turn into Wild symbols that stick on the reels, and the reels re-spin. If three Wild symbols land in the Hot Spot positions, the Hot Spot Win of 1000 times bet is awarded and the Joker Pro Re-Spins end. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the Joker Pro Re-Spins and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. One or more additional Wild symbols landing on the reels during a Joker Pro Re-Spin award another Joker Pro Re-Spin and stick to the reels until the end of the Joker Pro Re-Spins. The total win from the Joker Pro Re-Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated the Joker Pro Re-Spins. If the total Joker Pro Re-Spins win, including any wins from the round that activated the Joker Pro Re-Spins, exceeds 1000 times the total bet, the win of exactly 1000 times the total bet is awarded and the Joker Pro Re-Spins end. If no additional Wild symbols land on the reels during a Joker Pro Re-Spin, the Joker Pro Re-Spins end. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.80%. Last modification date: 12/28/2021