Cash Noire Cash Noire™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 1024 bet ways featuring the Avalanche™ Feature, a Mystery symbol, a Crime Zone, and Free Spins with a Multiplier. Toggle VoiceOver and Subtitles in Game Settings to turn off and on the narrative of Cash Noire™. The game is played with 1024 bet ways and different bet and coin values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet value is set with the arrows next to the COIN VALUE section. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Example as follows: Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers.Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Example of a bet way payout when playing a bet in coins MYSTERY SIMBOL When there are no wins on the reels after a spin or an Avalanche, the Mystery Symbol transforms into a random regular symbol. Only 1 Mystery Symbol may land on the reels on any spin in the main game or in Free Spins each time this feature is activated. If this symbol lands outside the Crime Zone, it reveals a random symbol from the Paytable. If the Mystery Symbol lands inside the Crime Zone, it clones itself throughout all the spots of the pattern revealing a random symbol from the Paytable. Avalanche™ Feature A winning bet way starts an Avalanche. Symbols in a winning combination are removed from the reels so that more symbols fall into the empty spots. The Avalanches continue within the same spin until there are no more wins. The winnings from the Avalanches are counted and paid out after each Avalanche. During Free Spins mode, the winnings you get from Avalanches are paid and multiplied by the Multiplier. CRIME ZONE & CLUE LIST The Crime Zone is a red pattern of differently shaped hotspots that gets activated on every spin. It has an initial size of 3 spots on the reels but increases to 4 and 5 when specific clues are activated. For more information about the number of spots the Crime Zone expands into, check the Clue List section. Each winning symbol inside the Crime Zone activates an item from the Clue List. The Clue List is a meter that shows the progression of the game towards Free Spins. If there are no further winning combinations, the clues fade out and the meter resets to 0. When 3 - 6 clues get activated, the Crime Zone expands, covering 4 spots on the reels (within the same spin). When 7 or more clues get activated, the Crime Zone expands, covering now 5 spots on the reels (within the same spin). When 13 clues have been activated, and there are no winning combinations on the reels, 6 Free Spins are awarded. FREE SPINS WITH CITY CHASE MAP & MULTIPLIER Free Spins are played with the same bet and coin value as the round activating Free Spins. While in Free Spins mode, the Crime Zone: Always covers 5 spots and it's active throughout Free Spins. Has the same pattern that activated Free Spins, though it may randomly change position on the reels. Once the game enters Free Spins mode, the play area displays a: CITY CHASE MAP This meter displays the positions in which the Multiplier progresses and the Extra Free Spins are awarded. Symbols in the Crime Zone that are part of a winning bet way unlock the same amount of locations on this City Chase map. Unlike in the main game, this meter doesn't reset to 0 if no wins occur, but instead, it continues increasing throughout Free Spins. Every time that the car reaches 13 locations, a marker indicates that 2 Extra Free Spins are awarded. MULTIPLIER It's located on the right side of the play area. It shows the current multiplier for all your wins. This Multiplier starts at the value x1, and grows in increments of 1 every 7 locations. I.e.- when reaching the 7th location, your wins are multiplied x2 from the next spin. When reaching the final location on the City Chase map, the case is closed. The Multiplier then stops at x10, and you are awarded the last 3 Extra Free Spins in the current Free Spins cycle. At the end of Free Spins: The total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. The game returns to main game. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Coin Value Click up and down arrows to change coin value. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. • Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). • Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. • Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. • VoiceOver : Turns the story narration on or off. • Subtitles (English only) : Turns the subtitles on or off Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. • On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. • If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. • If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. • If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. • If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note : If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note : Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Avalanche Avalanche Crime Zone Crime Zone Clue List Clue List Mystery Symbol Mystery Symbol Free Spins Free Spins City Chase City Chase Multiplier Multiplier Extra Free Spins Extra Free Spins Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win