King of 3 Kingdoms King of 3 Kingdoms™ is a 5-reel video slot that offers 243 ways to win. In addition, the game has Free Spins and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 243 ways to win, 1-10 levels (25 coins per level) and different coin values. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet way paid. All wins pay on bet ways only, except for wins with Free Spin symbols. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost reel to right. In both the main game and Free Spins, the Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2 and 4. Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol. Wins with Free Spin symbols pay total bet x payout displayed in the Paytable. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added Free Spins 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing randomly on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. Free Spin symbols must appear in succession, starting from the leftmost reel. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded are according to the Paytable. Free spin coin wins are tripled (x3). Free Spin wins are added to any bet way wins. The number of extra Free Spins are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Extra Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin. Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin. Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history. Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY, and then click Advanced settings. On any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.88%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free spins Last modification date: 10/14/2020