Fishing Reels Unlocked Game Rules: The game is played with 40 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.20%. Freddy, the Fisherman: Freddy can land only on reel 3 middle position. Freddy acts as wild. Freddy substitutes for all symbols, excluding the Credit, Jackpot and Bonus symbols. All symbols except Credit and Bonus can land on reel 3 middle position. Unlock Feature: On every spin, there is a probability of triggering one or more Credit, Jackpot or Bonus symbols in a locked state. The condition to unlock one or more Credit, Jackpot or Bonus symbols is to land Freddy in the same spin. Credit Feature: When one or more Credit symbols along with Freddy land, all the Credit symbols are unlocked and summed up and then multiplied by total bet. Jackpot Feature: When one or more Jackpot symbols along with Freddy land, all the Jackpot symbols are unlocked and then win amount is awarded. There are 4 fixed Jackpots: Mini Jackpot – 5x total bet Minor Jackpot – 15x total bet Major Jackpot – 75x total bet Grand Jackpot – 500x total bet Nudge Feature: If a non-winning combination and at least one Credit symbol land, there is a potential to award Nudge feature. In this feature, the reel 3 middle position rewinds and lands Freddy. Free Spins Feature: When one or more Bonus symbols along with Freddy land, all the Bonus symbols are unlocked. Each Bonus symbol has a fixed number of spins written on it. A total of these spins is awarded as Free Spins. Freddy is sticky during Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered. Credit and Jackpot symbols can land during Free Spins too. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch sound on/off Click to spin Click to max bet on a round Click to open auto-bet Click the X button to return to the game Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 7/10/2025