Easter Bonanza - Fortune Pick How to Play: Choose your preferred bet level by clicking on one of the bronze, silver, or gold eggs. The bronze egg represents the lowest bet level, the silver egg the medium bet level, and the gold egg the highest bet level. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. The Total Win is displayed in the win section on the screen. Game Rules: In the base game, between 13 and 15 eggs are displayed on the screen. Each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin to play. Each egg may reveal one of the following: a credit value, eggstra picks, coloured eggs, or no reward. Coloured eggs can trigger one of three bonus games: Easter Egg Loot, Easter Egg Paint, or Easter Egg Roll. Eggstra picks may award either a credit value or additional coloured particles. Any coloured eggs revealed are collected and allocated to their respective bonus games: Easter Egg Loot, Easter Egg Paint, or Easter Egg Roll. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.15%. Easter Egg Loot: 5 bushes are displayed on the screen. When tapped, each bush may reveal a credit value, a combination of a credit value and a map, or the bunny. If a combination of a credit value and a map is awarded, the credit value is collected, and the player advances to the next level. The player can progress up to level 5. Players are guaranteed to reach level 2. If the bunny is revealed, the bonus round ends. The total win is awarded to the player, and the player returns to the base game. Easter Egg Paint: The Easter Egg Paint feature starts with a 4x5 grid and 7 exciting spins. Each row has an assigned multiplier: 1x, 2x, 4x, 7x, and a Mystery Multiplier. Before the spins begin, 2–4 Eggs with credit values are placed in random columns. During each spin, individual cells on the bottom row may reveal an Egg, a Brush, or nothing: Egg – Adds a new Egg with its credit value to that column. Brush – Moves all Eggs in that column up by one row. Eggs that reach the top row remain there. Brush symbols have no effect if there is no Egg in that column. At the end of all spins, if there is one or more Eggs on the top row, the Mystery Multiplier (9x, 10x, 12x, 14x, 15x, 18x, or 20x) is revealed. All Egg credit values are then multiplied by their respective row multipliers. Finally, all multiplied Egg credit values are summed and awarded to the player. Easter Egg Roll: Tap the ROLL button to start rolling the egg down the hill. As the egg rolls, it passes milestones that reveal multipliers ranging from 1x to 50x. All revealed multipliers are accumulated in the collection box. When the egg crosses the finish line flag, the bonus round ends. The total multiplier is applied to the bet, and the final win is awarded to the player. If the game is interrupted due to a connection issue during Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Play Game Rules: Auto Play is similar to a regular play, you can choose Auto Play by tapping on the AUTO button. Select the BET amount and then select the required number of auto play rounds. Auto Play automatically plays the game with selected bet and for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Play begins, the AUTO button is replaced with the STOP button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Plays. Auto Play can be stopped at any time by tapping the STOP button. Auto Play will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Play will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature is covered under the Paytable section of the respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 2/17/2026