Shamrock Trio - Hold and Respin How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from the left most reel to right in consecutive order, excluding Green, Red and Blue Clover coins. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, excluding Red, Green and Blue Clover coins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Clover Coin Symbol: Green, Red and Blue Clover coins can appear anywhere on the reels. Each Green, Red and Blue Clover coin is stored in their respective colour pot. Each pot will reset when returning from their respective pot feature. Appearance of one or more of Green, Red and Blue Clover coins can award one of the 7 available features. Hold and Respin is guaranteed for all 7 features. Green, Red and Blue Clover coins on the screen can trigger Multiplier, Double and Extra Spins respectively. A combination of two or more of these colour coins can trigger the combination of features. Hold and Respin and MEGA SHAMROCK: Hold and Respin starts with 3 or 4 respins. The respins count resets to the initial count every time at least one credit coin symbol lands on the screen. This feature ends when no respins remain or all positions on game(s) are filled with credit coin symbols. When this feature is over, the credit coin values are multiplied by the bet amount and divided by 100. A player wins the MEGA SHAMROCK (5000xbet) along with the sum of all credit coin values, when all positions on the game(s) are filled with credit coin symbols. Multiplier is not applied to MEGA SHAMROCK value. Multiplier: Appearance of one or more Green Clover coins can trigger the Multiplier feature. A wheel with multiplier values (2x-10x) on its wedges appears. The player is prompted to spin the wheel. The multiplier value landing on the pointer is stored. A new game with 15 empty positions appears on the screen. The game starts with 3 respins. The total credit coins won during the feature are multiplied by the multiplier value and the final Hold and Respin win is calculated. Double: Appearance of one or more Red Clover coins can trigger the Double feature. 2 new games with 15 empty positions each appear on the screen. The feature starts with 3 respins for each game playing independently. Extra Spins: Appearance of one or more Blue Clover coins can trigger Extra Spins feature. A new game with 15 empty positions appears on the screen. The game starts with 4 respins. Double & Extra Spins: Appearance of one or more Red and Blue Clover coins can trigger Double & Extra Spins feature. 2 new games with 15 empty positions each appear on the screen. The games start with 4 respins each. Multiplier & Extra Spins: Appearance of one or more Green and Blue Clover coins can trigger Multiplier & Extra Spins feature. A wheel with multiplier values (2x-10x) on its wedges appears. The player is prompted to spin the wheel. The multiplier value landing on the pointer is stored. A new game with 15 empty positions appears on the screen. The game starts with 4 respins. The total credit coins won during the feature are multiplied by the multiplier value. Multiplier & Double: Appearance of one or more Green and Red Clover coins can trigger Multiplier & Double feature. A wheel with multiplier values (2x-10x) on its wedges appears. The player is prompted to spin the wheel. The multiplier value landing on the pointer is stored. 2 new games with 15 empty positions each appear on the screen. The feature starts with 3 respins for each game playing independently. The total credit coins won during the feature are multiplied by the multiplier value and the final Hold and Respin win is calculated. Multiplier, Double & Extra Spins: Appearance of one or more Green, Red and Blue Clover coins can trigger Multiplier, Double & Extra Spins feature. A wheel with multiplier values (2x-10x) on its wedges appears. The player is prompted to spin the wheel. The multiplier value landing on the pointer is stored. 2 new games with 15 empty positions each appear on the screen. The game starts with 4 respins. The total credit coins won during the feature are multiplied by the multiplier value and the final Hold and Respin win is calculated. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 2/11/2025