3 Fortune Pandas By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 5 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from leftmost reel to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long-term expected payback is 94.43%. Wild Features: Mystery Wild: When a Wild symbol lands on reel 1, it awards a Mystery reward ranging from 1x to 10x of the total bet. Expanding Wild: When a Wild symbol lands on reel 2, it expands to cover the entire reel and then the win is awarded. Multiplier Wild: When a Wild symbol lands on reel 3, a multiplier 3x is applied to all the wins. If 2 or more Wilds land simultaneously, their features are combined. Fortune Spins: 3 Fortune Spins can be awarded when there is at least 1 Wild visible on the reels. - 1 Wild gives less chance to award Fortune Spins. - 2 Wilds gives higher chance to award Fortune Spins. - 3 Wilds guarantee Fortune Spins. During each Fortune Spin at least 1 Wild is guaranteed to appear on any 1 of the reels, additional Wilds can land naturally. If 2 Mystery Wilds appear on reel 1, their mystery wins are summed up. If 2 Multiplier Wilds appear on reel 3, their multipliers are multiplied together and then applied to all the wins. Fortune Spins cannot be retriggered. Buy Bonus: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 50xTotal Cash Bet. Buy Bonus feature guarantees entry into Fortune Spins feature. The long-term expected payback is 94.69% with the Buy Bonus feature. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Spin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by tapping the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Mlafunction void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/3/2026