Zeus's Thunderbolt 5000 By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the plus or minus buttons next to BET. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.14%. Thunderbolt Double Re-spins: 6 or more coin credit symbols trigger the Thunderbolt Double Re-spins. The feature launches with GAME 1 and GAME 2. Coin credit symbols from GAME 1 are replicated on to GAME 2. Both games start with 3 re-spins on each game, playing independently. All coin credit symbols that land remain on the screen until the end of the re-spins. Every time at least one coin credit symbol lands, the number of re-spins reset to 3. This feature ends when no re-spins remain or all positions on both games are filled with coin credit symbols. When this feature is over, the values of all coin credit symbols are added and multiplied with the total bet amount. A player wins the Grand Jackpot along with the sum of all coin credit values, when all positions on both the games are filled with coin credit symbols. This feature is also available during Thunderbolt Free Spins. Jackpot Rewards in this feature are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 250x total bet Grand – 5000x total bet Thunderbolt Free Spins: 3 Bonus symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. 10 Free Spins can be re-triggered if 3 Bonus symbols land. Lightning Ladder feature is only available during Free Spins. Lightning Ladder: 5 or less coin credit symbols landing on the reels contribute to the Lightning Ladder. Progress through the Lightning Ladder throughout the Free Spins by accumulating the coin credit symbols. A player wins the credit value corresponding to the accrued milestone at the end of the Free Game along with any additional wins from the Free Spins. Jackpot Rewards in this feature are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 250x total bet Grand – 5000x total bet Buy Bonus Feature: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 80xTotal Cash Bet. The player can opt to buy either Re-spins or Free Spins. The long-term expected payback is 94.38% with the Buy Bonus feature. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch sound on/off Click to spin Click to max bet on a round Click to open auto-bet Click the X button to return to the game Stop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total win in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total loss in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any Feature round (Free Spin/Bonus Round). If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 9/24/2024