Infinity Battle Return of Heroes By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 10 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline prizes are multiplied by coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding the Bonus symbols. Highest win only paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long- term expected payback is 95.43%. Bonus Symbol: Landing 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols in the main game starts Free Spins with 3, 4 or 5 Bonus Picks. 3 Bonus Symbols - 10 Free Spins with 3 Bonus Picks. 4 Bonus Symbols - 10 Free Spins with 4 Bonus Picks. 5 Bonus Symbols - 10 Free Spins with 5 Bonus Picks. Landing 3, 4, or 5 Bonus Symbols in Free Spins awards an additional 1, 2 or 3 Bonus Picks. Free Spins: At the start of Free Spins, the prize pool forms. There are five categories of prizes. I. Multipliers: x2, x3, x4. II. Additional Free Spins: +2, + 3, + 4, + 5. III. Wild symbol: Blue Bolt/Green Archer/Firestrike. IV. Expanding symbol: Blue Bolt/Green Archer/Firestrike. V. Special Quest: Three character wins/5 wins in a row/10 Scatters (Bonus symbols) collect. Special Quest Rewards: I. Instant 200x bet win payout. II. One Ultra Spin at the end of Free Spins. During the Ultra Spin, all characters are Wilds and expand on all reels. A x1 Multiplier is active during the Ultra Spin, even if there was a higher Multiplier during Free Spins. III. Trigger Free Spins with five Bonus Picks at the end of the current session. The Special Quest Category is not available during this Bonus Pick. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch Sound on/off Click to Spin Click to Max bet on a round Click to open Auto-bet Click the Arrows, pointing towards left or right, to scroll through the paytable pages Click the X button to return to the game You can place restrictions on gameplay by following any of these options: Stop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when the total win in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when the total loss in a session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to regular spins, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any feature round (Free spins/Bonus Round). If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes that you place are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the particular game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable shows symbol payouts as the multipliers on the total bet amount, which is calculated as 'total bet = (coin value * number of fixed coins)'. Hence the actual payouts will be coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win' information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 9/19/2023