Bellagio - Fortune Pick Bellagio - Fortune Pick Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play: Choose a bet level you want to play with by clicking the green, yellow or pink chips. The green chip displays the lowest bets, the yellow chip displays medium bets and the pink chip displays the highest bets. Click or tap on the chips to place bets. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the win section on the screen. Game Rules: The base game displays between 13 and 15 chips on the screen. Each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin. Each chip may award one of the following, a credit value, additional chips, diamond, a Pearl bonus, a Gold bonus or a Platinum bonus. Additional chips may award a credit value or diamonds. Awarded diamonds are accumulated in one of the 3 bonuses, Pearl, Gold or Platinum. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long-term expected payback is 94.17%. Pearl Bonus: Pearl bonus screen appears with a 9X12 grid of random numbers. After the player clicks on 'START’, numbers on the grid begin to disappear. The remaining numbers freeze on the grid and are summed up. The final number is multiplied by the bet and awarded to the player. Gold Bonus: A wheel is displayed containing multipliers. When the wheel stops on one of the multipliers, it is multiplied by the bet and awarded to the player. Platinum Bonus: 5 land-based slot machines are displayed on the screen, upon clicking the SPIN button, each slot machine may award a multiplier or a combination of a multiplier and a Bellagio platinum card. The round ends if 'GAME OVER' is displayed on the screen. If a Bellagio platinum card is awarded, the player moves to the next level. Player can reach up to 5 levels. Players are guaranteed to reach level 2. If the game is over, all the collected multipliers are summed up and multiplied with the bet. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch Sound on/off Click the X button to return to the game If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 11/26/2024