Vegas Blitz By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 4096 ways in the main game and Free Spins. Each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from leftmost reel to right in consecutive order, except the Scatter symbol. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except Scatter, Coin and Collect symbol. Wilds can appear only on reels 2-6 in the base game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.11%. Collect: The Coin symbol (COR) awards the value they bear only when screen also has a Collect symbol. Collect symbol can land only on 1st and/or 6th reel. Jackpot can be won only via the Collect feature. The Jackpot values are: Each Collect symbol will individually and independently accumulate all the Coins (CORs) that are on the screen. If coins are carrying a Jackpot on them, they will also get collected in the same manner. The Collect feature is active only in the base game and the Blitz spins Scatter: 3 or more Scatter symbols in the base game show the feature selection screen. Player gets 2 options to choose from Option 1 – 3, 4, 5 and 6 Scatters award 8, 12, 20 and 30 free spins, respectively. Option 2 – 3, 4, 5 and 6 Scatters award 3, 4, 6 and 8 Blitz spins, respectively. Free Spins: Free Spins feature can be retriggered with 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 Scatters, awarding additional 5, 8, 12, 20 and 30 free spins, respectively. Wilds can appear only on reels 2-4 in free spins. Wild always carry a multiplier (2x, 3x or 5x) in each free spin. If more than one Wild lands, all the Wild multipliers are multiplied, and the total Wild multiplier is applied to the win. The total Wild multiplier is applied to the win regardless of whether it participates in the winning combination or not. Wild multiplier is not applied to the Scatter wins. Coin and Collect symbols cannot appear during free spins. Blitz Spins: Only Coins (CORs), Jackpot and Collect symbols can land on the screen. Each Blitz spin guarantees at least 1 Coin (COR) and 1 Collect symbol. Buy Bonus: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. There are 3 Buy Bonus options in the game to trigger the features with 4, 5 and 6 Scatters. Buy Bonus Scatters count Cost of Buy Bonus Free Spins Feature Blitz Spins Feature Option 1 4 80x 94.32% 94.32% Option 2 5 95x 94.18% 94.18% Option 3 6 110x 94.33% 94.33% If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins . Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto S pin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Ways/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by tapping the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 10/28/2025