Mansa Musa's Golden Journey Mansa Musa’s Golden Journey Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 3125 ways in the main game and Free Spins. Each game costs a minimum of 25 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding the Free Spins symbol. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Free Spins symbol. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long-term expected payback is 96.00%. Mansa Musa’s Stamp Feature: 3 random positions are highlighted on reels 2, 3 and 4, 1 per reel signifying Mansa Musa's Stamp. If a win occurs and the winning symbol is adjacent (vertically or horizontally) to a Mansa Musa's Stamp, there is a chance for that position to turn into a Mansa Musa's Stamp. The number of Mansa Musa’s Stamps revert to 3 following a Gold Dust Trigger Symbol in the base game. The latest state of all Mansa Musa’s Stamps is preserved per bet level. The session starts from the latest state of Mansa Musa’s Stamps each time. Gold Dust Trigger Symbol: If there is no win or no Free Spins are triggered, there is a chance of the Gold Dust Trigger Symbol landing in the base game. The Gold Dust Trigger Symbol can only appear on reel 5. It can be any symbol except Scatter or Wild. When the Gold Dust Trigger Symbol lands, all the existing Mansa Musa’s Stamps are transformed into that symbol (including any Wilds and Scatters). After the Gold Dust Trigger Symbol lands, the feature is completed, the win is awarded and 3 new positions are selected to become Mansa Musa’s Stamps for the next spin. Free Spins: 3 or more Free Spins symbols landed anywhere on the reels trigger Free Spins. 3 Free Spins symbols award 7 Free Spins 4 Free Spins symbols award 10 Free Spins 5 Free Spins symbols award 15 Free Spins During Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols award 3, 4 or 5 additional Free Spins respectively. When Free Spins start, 3 random Mansa Musa’s Stamps are placed on the reels 2, 3 and 4, 1 per reel. Every Free Spin has a chance to award a Gold Dust Trigger Symbol. In Free Spins, Mansa Musa’s Stamps do not reset when the Gold Dust Trigger Symbol lands. They accumulate throughout the Free Spins duration. On the last Free Spin there is a 100% chance of the Gold Dust Trigger Symbol landing. You can place restrictions on game play by following any of these options: Stop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total win in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total loss in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any Feature round (Free spins/Bonus Round). If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/ Ways/ Bonus Feature/ Wild/ Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 3/10/2026