Zeus's Thunderbolt How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Thunderbolt Re-spins: 6 or more coin credit symbols trigger the Thunderbolt re-spin feature. The other symbols fade away and only the coin credit symbols, that triggered the feature, remain. The feature starts with 3 re-spins. All coin credit symbols that hit after each re-spin remain on the screen until the end of the re-spins. Every time at least one coin credit symbol hits, the number of re-spins are reset to 3. This feature ends when no re-spins remain or all positions on the screen are filled with coin credit symbols. When this feature is complete, the values of all coin credit symbols are added and multiplied with the total bet amount. Player gets the Mini Jackpot along with the sum of all coin credit values when all positions on the screen are filled with coin credit symbols. This feature is also available during Thunderbolt Free Spins. Jackpot Rewards in this feature are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 250x total bet Grand – 1000x total bet Thunderbolt Free Spins: 3 Bonus symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. 10 Free Spins can be re-triggered during Free Spins if 3 Bonus symbols land. Lightning Ladder feature is only available during Free Spins. Lightning Ladder: 5 or less coin credit symbols landing on the reels contribute to the Lightning Ladder. Keep accumulating the coin credit symbols to climb the Lightning Ladder throughout the Free Spins. A player gets the credit value corresponding to the accrued milestone at the end of the Free Game. Jackpot rewards in this feature are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 250x total bet Grand – 1000x total bet Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 5/14/2025