Zeus's Thunderbolt 10000 By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from leftmost reel to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long-term expected payback is 94.07%. Thunderbolt Power Re-spins: 6 or more coin credit symbols trigger Thunderbolt Power Re-spins. The feature begins with GAME 1, GAME 2, GAME 3 and GAME 4. At the start, GAME 1 and GAME 2 are unlocked, while GAME 3 and GAME 4 remain locked. Coin credit symbols from GAME 1 are replicated onto GAME 2. Each unlocked game begins with 3 re-spins, played independently. Locked games display a counter showing how many special symbols are needed to unlock them: - GAME 3 unlocks after collecting 3 special symbols. - GAME 4 unlocks after collecting 8 special symbols. Each special symbol landing in re-spin will contribute to the counter of every locked game window. When a game is unlocked, it starts fresh with an empty window, and the triggering special symbol converts into a coin credit symbol. All coin credit symbols that land remain on the screen until the end of the re-spins. Each time one or more coin credit symbols land, the re-spin counter resets to 3. Randomly, the Zeus Bolt feature will be activated, which will award a special symbol. Thunderbolt Power Re-spins feature ends when no re-spins remain or all positions on all game windows are filled with coin credit symbols. At the end of the feature, the total value of all coin credit symbols is summed and multiplied by the total bet. Fill all positions across all 4 game windows with coin credit symbols to win the Grand Jackpot of 10,000x your total bet, plus all coin credit values collected. This feature is also available during Thunderbolt Free Spins. Jackpot Rewards in this feature are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 500x total bet Grand – 10000x total bet Thunderbolt Free Spins: 3 Bonus symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. 10 Free Spins can be re-triggered if 3 Bonus symbols land. Lightning Ladder feature is only available during Free Spins. Lightning Ladder: 5 or less coin credit symbols landing on the reels contribute to the Lightning Ladder. Progress through the Lightning Ladder throughout the Free Spins by accumulating the coin credit symbols. A player wins the credit value corresponding to the accrued milestone at the end of the Free Game along with any additional wins from the Free Spins. Jackpot Rewards in this feature are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 500x total bet Grand – 10000x total bet Buy Bonus Feature: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 80x Total Cash Bet. The player can opt to buy either Re-spins or Free Spins. The long-term expected payback is 94.16% with the Buy Bonus feature. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Spin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by tapping the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 11/18/2025