Fiery Chilli How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Piñata symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.05%. Wild Multiplier Feature: The Chilli symbol is the Wild in this game. If a winning combination consists of a Wild , the win will be doubled. Win will be doubled only once even if the winning combination is formed of more than one Wild. Win will not be doubled if the winning combination is formed only of Wilds. Free Spins Feature: 3 or more Piñata symbols trigger 15 Free Spins at x3 multiplier. 15 Free Spins can be re-triggered during Free Spins. But the Free Spins multiplier remains the same, x3. If the Wild lands during the Free Spin, your line win can potentially be multiplied x6. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 6/11/2025