Mysterious Queens of Africa How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 15 paylines and each game costs a minimum of 15 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding the Bonus symbol. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. Highest win is only paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Mystery Replace Feature: One or more Mystery symbols appearing on the reels in the main game or Free Spins will start the Mystery Replace feature. Mystery symbols will be replaced with any one of the symbols presented on the reels. Free Spins: 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger Free Spins. The Mystery Replace feature can deliver up to 15 Bonus symbols on the reels. The number of Free Spins awarded is calculated with 15+ (Number of Bonus symbols - 3). During Free Spins, Bonus symbols can appear on the reels normally or through the Mystery Replace feature. During Free Spins, 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing on the screen will award additional Free Spins. The number of additional Free Spins is equal to the number of Bonus symbols on the reels, starting with a minimum of 3. If 3 Bonus symbols appear on the reels during Free Spins, an additional 3 Free Spins will be awarded. If 10 Bonus symbols appear on the reels during Free Spins, an additional 10 Free Spins will be awarded. Wild Symbol: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. You can place restrictions on gameplay by following any of these options: Stop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total win in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total loss in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. All games are tested to level 3 standards in accordance with the UKGC Testing Strategy for Compliance with the Remote Gambling and Software Technical Standards. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin; you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any Feature round (Free Spin/Bonus Round). If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/ paylines/ Bonus feature/ Wild/ Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access the same by clicking on the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game, paytable shows symbol payouts as the multipliers on the total bet amount, which is calculated as 'total bet = (coin value * number of fixed coins)'. Hence, the actual payouts will be coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 7/1/2025