Wickederrr Wins- Fortune Pick Hold and Respin By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play: Choose a bet level that you would like to play with by clicking the green, yellow or red pumpkins. Green pumpkins display the lowest bets, yellow pumpkins display medium bets, and red pumpkins display the highest bets. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the win on the screen. Game Rules: The base game displays between 13 and 15 pumpkins on the screen. Each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin. Each pumpkin may reveal one of the following: a credit value, additional picks, potion trails, or various bonus combinations including Creepier Multi, Scarier Extra, Spookier Double - either individually, in pairs, or all three together. Some pumpkins may also reveal no award. Additional picks can reveal either a credit value or potion trails. Awarded potion trails are collected in one of three potion bottles: Creepier Multi, Scarier Extra, or Spookier Double. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long-term expected payback is 94.25%. Potion Trails: Green, yellow, and red pumpkins can trigger green, blue, red potion trails or a combination of two or more potion trails. Each potion trail, green, blue, or red, is collected in its corresponding potion bottle. Once a bottle triggers its feature, it resets. The green, blue, and red potion bottles activate the Creepier Multi, Scarier Extra, Spookier Double features, respectively. Triggering two or more potion bottles in a single round activates a combination of features. Hold & Respin is guaranteed in all seven feature combinations. Hold & Respin and MEGA JACKPOT: Hold & Respin begins with 3 or 4 respins. The respin counter resets to its initial value whenever at least one multiplier lands on the reels. The feature ends when no respins remain or when all positions on the reel(s) are filled with multipliers. If all positions are filled with multipliers, the player is awarded the MEGA JACKPOT (1000x bet) in addition to the total value of the multipliers. The awarded multiplier is not applied to the MEGA JACKPOT. Creepier Multi: The Green potion bottle triggers the Creepier Multi feature. A magical pot appears on screen. Tap the START button to reveal a random multiplier between 2x and 6x. A new Hold & Respin game begins with 15 empty positions and 3 respins. The feature plays out as a standard Hold & Respin round. At the end, the sum of all multipliers is multiplied by the awarded multiplier and then applied to the total bet. Scarier Extra: The Blue potion bottle triggers the Scarier Extra feature. A new Hold & Respin game begins with 15 empty positions and 4 respins, giving players an extra chance to land more multipliers and boost their total win. Spookier Double: The Red potion bottle triggers the Spookier Double feature. Two separate Hold & Respin games, each with 15 empty positions, appear on the screen. Both games start with 3 respins each and are played independently, offering double the chances to collect multipliers and boost your total win. Creepier Multi & Scarier Extra: A combination of green and blue potion bottles can trigger the Creepier Multi & Scarier Extra feature. A magical pot appears on screen. Tap the START button to reveal a random multiplier between 2x and 6x. A new Hold & Respin game begins with 15 empty positions and 4 respins, giving players an extra chance to land more multipliers and boost their total win. The feature plays out as a standard Hold & Respin round. At the end, the sum of all multipliers is multiplied by the awarded multiplier and then applied to the total bet. Creepier Multi & Spookier Double: A combination of green and red potion bottles can trigger the Creepier Multi & Spookier Double feature. A magical pot appears on screen. Tap the START button to reveal a random multiplier between 2x and 6x. Two separate Hold & Respin games, each with 15 empty positions, appear on the screen. Both games start with 3 respins each and are played independently, offering double the chances to collect multipliers and boost your total win. The feature plays out as a standard Hold & Respin round. At the end, the sum of all multipliers is multiplied by the awarded multiplier and then applied to the total bet. Scarier Extra & Spookier Double: A combination of blue and red potion bottles can trigger the Scarier Extra & Spookier Double feature. Two separate Hold & Respin games, each with 15 empty positions, appear on the screen. Both games start with 4 respins each and are played independently, offering double the chances to collect multipliers and boost your total win. Creepier Multi, Scarier Extra & Spookier Double: A combination of green, blue and red potion bottles can trigger the Creepier Multi, Scarier Extra & Spookier Double feature. A magical pot appears on screen. Tap the START button to reveal a random multiplier between 2x and 6x. Two separate Hold & Respin games, each with 15 empty positions, appear on the screen. Both games start with 4 respins each and are played independently, offering double the chances to collect multipliers and boost your total win. The feature plays out as a standard Hold & Respin round. At the end, the sum of all multipliers is multiplied by the awarded multiplier and then applied to the total bet. Buy Bonus: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 80x Total Cash Bet. Buy Bonus feature guarantees entry into any one of the following 7 features: - Creepier Multi - Scarier Extra - Spookier Double - Creepier Multi & Scarier Extra - Creepier Multi & Spookier Double - Scarier Extra & Spookier Double - Creepier Multi, Scarier Extra & Spookier Double The long-term maximum expected payback is 94.30% with the Buy Bonus feature. Game Controls: This lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Tap to open menu Tap to open the PAYTABLE Tap to open the RULES Tap to open the SETTINGS Tap to turn on/off sounds Tap on the toggle button to turn on/off game sounds Tap on the toggle button to turn on/off music Tap to view game HISTORY Tap to return to the game If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Respins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Respins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature/Respins is covered under the Paytable of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 10/22/2025