Vegas Time Vegas Time! Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 25 fixed paylines and each spin costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding the Scatter (Free Spins) Symbol. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, excluding the Scatter symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long-term expected payback is 95.19%. Stacked Wild Multiplier Feature: Each fully Stacked Wild symbol on a single reel will award x2 multiplier irrespective of winning combination. The Wild multipliers are multiplied with each other. 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Wild stacks will award x2, x4, x8, x16, x32 multipliers respectively. The wild multiplier is applicable for Scatter wins as well. Free Spins: 3 or more Scatter (Free Spins) symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger 8 Free Spins with multiplier x2. Any two of the following additional Free Spins or Multipliers will be chosen at random prior to commencing the Free Spins. +4 Free Spins +8 Free Spins +12 Free Spins Added multiplier of x1 Added multiplier of x3 3 or more Scatter symbols (Free Spins) during Free Spins award 8 additional Free Spins while keeping the existing multiplier. The wild Stacked Multiplier feature is available during Free Spins too. Max win potential on this game is capped at 10,000 times the total bet. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch Sound on/off Click to Spin Click to Max bet on a round Click to open Auto-bet Click the Arrows, pointing towards left or right, to scroll through the paytable pages Click the X button to return to the game You can place restrictions on gameplay by following any of these options: Stop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total win in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total loss in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bets minus wins. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin; you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any Feature round (Free Spins/Bonus Round). If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded Last modification date: 6/9/2023