The Price Is Right - Fortune Pick By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play: Choose your preferred bet level by clicking on one of the blue, pink, or orange dollar icons. The blue icon represents the lowest bet level, the pink icon the medium bet level, and the orange icon the highest bet level. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. The Total Win is displayed in the win section on the screen. Game Rules: In the base game, between 13 and 15 dollar icons are displayed on the screen. Each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin to play. Each dollar icon may reveal one of the following: a credit value, free picks, petals, or no reward. Petals can trigger one of three bonus games: Big Wheel, Plinko, or Cliffhangers. Free picks may award either a credit value or additional petals. Any petals revealed are collected and allocated to one of the three bonus games: Big Wheel, Plinko, or Cliffhangers. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long term expected payback is 94.17%. Big Wheel: A wheel appears with multipliers displayed on its wedges. Click the wheel to spin it. When the wheel stops, the multiplier it lands on is applied to the bet amount, and the resulting win is awarded. Plinko: Tap the arrows to release the Plinko chip from the top. The Plinko chip bounces through the pegs and lands in one of the sections at the bottom. The following combinations are possible at each level: Level 1: Multiplier, Multiplier + Key Level 24: Multiplier, Multiplier + Key, 0 (Game Over) Level 5: Multiplier, 0 (Game Over) Landing on a Multiplier + Key grants the win and unlocks the next level. Landing on a 0 ends the feature round. Level 2 is guaranteed in this feature. Each collected multiplier is applied to the total bet and added to the Total win. Cliffhangers: Tap the ROLL button to roll the die and make the Yodely Guy move forward between 1 and 6 steps. Each stop awards a multiplier. The awarded multiplier is multiplied by the total bet and added to the Total win. The feature ends when the Yodely Guy falls off the cliff. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature is covered under the Paytable section of the respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are nonrefundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 9/9/2025