3 Wild Jokers Carnival By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 5 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from leftmost reel to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. This game can be played in Boost Bet mode or normal mode. When Boost Bet mode is activated the additional bet amount doesn’t contribute towards any wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long term expected payback is 94.16%. Wild Features: Mystery Wild: When a Mystery Wild lands, it awards a random Mystery reward. In the base game, it appears only on reel 1. In Super Spins, it appears only in the 1st window, but on any reel. Each Mystery Wild grants a multiplier between 1x–10x. Expanding Wild: When an Expanding Wild lands, it expands to cover the entire reel before win evaluation. In the base game, it appears only on reel 2. In Super Spins, it appears only in the 2nd window, but on any reel. Multiplier Wild: When a Multiplier Wild lands, it carries a 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier, applied to, wins that include this Wild, and any other wins in the same spin. In the base game, it appears only on reel 3. In Super Spins, it appears only in the 3rd window, but on any reel. If two or more Wilds land at the same time, their features are combined. In the base game, if a Mystery Wild and a Multiplier Wild appear together on their respective reels, the multiplier is also applied to the Mystery reward. Super Spins: 8 Super Spins can be awarded whenever at least 1 Wild lands on the reels: 1 Wild = lower chance to trigger Super Spins 2 Wilds = higher chance to trigger Super Spins 3 Wilds = Super Spins are guaranteed Super Spins start with 3 game windows. At the beginning, only the 1st window is unlocked. Here, Mystery Wilds can land on any of the 3 reels. If 2 or more Mystery Wilds land, their rewards are added together. Each Mystery Wild awards a random value between 1x–10x. The 2nd and 3rd windows are initially locked. Collect 10 Wilds from the 1st window to unlock the 2nd window and gain +2 Super Spins. Only Expanding Wilds can land on this window on all 3 reels. Collect 8 more Wilds from the 1st and 2nd windows combined to unlock the 3rd window and gain +2 Super Spins. Only Multiplier Wilds can land on this window on all 3 reels. Each Multiplier Wild awards 2x, 3x, or 5x. Multipliers apply only to wins in the 3rd window. If 2 or more Multiplier Wilds land, their multipliers are multiplied together and applied to all wins in that window. Super Spins cannot be retriggered. Buy Bonus: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 80xTotal Cash Bet. Buy Bonus feature guarantees entry into Super Spins feature. The long-term maximum expected payback is 94.16% with the Buy Bonus feature. Boost Bet: The Boost Bet is played at double the normal bet. In the Boost Bet mode, the chances of triggering Super Spins double. The long-term maximum expected payback is 94.265% with Boost Bet feature. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Spin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by tapping the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 1/13/2026