Santas Wild Reels By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 40 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.00%. Wild Reels Spin: The game works in a cycle of 10 spins. Wild Reels Spin triggers every 10th spin. On every spin there is a potential to land a Star on a reel. Up to two Stars are collected above their respective reels. If two Stars are collected before Wild Reels Spin, the full reel turns into a stack of wild in Wild Reels Spin. Post Wild Reels Spin, a cycle of 10 spins starts again and collectors are reset to 0. Cycle feature state will be stored for each ‘CASH BET’. Wild Reels Spin is available only in the base game. Bonus and Star symbols are not available on Wild Reels Spin. Santa’s Wheel: 3 Bonus symbols trigger Santa’s Wheel. Santa’s Wheel may award any one of the following rewards: - Mini Jackpot – 7x total bet - Major Jackpot – 15x total bet - Grand Jackpot – 100x total bet - 5 Free Spins with 3 Wild reels - 8 Free Spins with 2 Wild reels - 12 Free Spins with 1 Wild reel Christmas Free Spins: On each free spin, wild reel(s) is awarded randomly. If a golden Bonus symbol lands on the 3rd reel, it triggers Santa’s Wheel during Christmas Free Spins. Any one of the following rewards may be awarded upon triggering Santa’s Wheel: - Mini Jackpot – 7x total bet - Major Jackpot – 15x total bet - Grand Jackpot – 100x total bet - 3 additional free spins - 5 additional free spins - 8 additional free spins When returning to the base game from free spins, the player will go back to the same progress that the player had before entering the free spins. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 11/26/2024