Fortune Gold - Prosperity By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 243 ways in the main game. In Prosperity spins the number of ways can be 243, 1024 or 3125 ways based on the selection of 3, 4 or 5 rows, respectively. Each game costs a minimum of 25 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. Scatter is represented by a Gong and Wild is represented by a Golden Tree. All symbols pay from left most reel to right in consecutive order, excluding the Gong symbol. Golden Tree substitutes for all symbols, excluding the Gong symbol. This game can be played in Boost Bet mode or normal mode. When Boost Bet mode is activated the additional bet amount doesn’t contribute towards any wins. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. If Prosperity picks and Prosperity spins are triggered in the same spin, Prosperity picks will be played first, followed by the Prosperity spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long term expected payback is: 15 Prosperity Spins – 3 rows10 Prosperity Spins – 4 rows5 Prosperity Spins – 5 rowsMystery94.27%94.26%94.26%94.29% Expanding Wild: Wild can appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and during Prosperity spins. A Wild is added to the Golden Tree whenever it appears on the screen in the base game and during Prosperity spins. In the base game, there is a chance for the Golden Tree to expand on the reel that it appears on to cover the entire reel. During Prosperity spins, the Golden Tree is guaranteed to expand on the entire reel. Prosperity Spins: 3 or more Gongs award Prosperity spins which leads to below feature selection screen with 4 options. - 15 Prosperity spins with 3 rows - 10 Prosperity spins with 4 rows - 5 Prosperity spins with 5 rows - Mystery: 5, 10 or 15 Prosperity spins with 3, 4 or 5 rows; Prosperity spins will start with random number of rows. During Prosperity spins, 3 or more Gongs award 3 additional Prosperity spins with same number of rows. Prosperity Picks: One or more Golden Tree on the screen can trigger this feature in both, the base game and during Prosperity spins. This feature leads to a screen with 12 coins to select from. The player needs to click on each coin which then reveals a Jackpot or a Multiplier. The feature ends when 3 matching Jackpots are revealed. Besides 4 Jackpots, Grand – 888x, Major – 88x, Minor – 18x and Mini – 8x, any one of the below multiplier can be revealed. - 2x, 3x, 4x and 5x. The Jackpot multiplier is applied to the total normal bet amount. If Boost Bet mode is activated, the additional bet amount will not contribute to any wins. If a multiplier is revealed before any 3 matching Jackpots are revealed, the multiplier will be applied to the Jackpot win. Buy Bonus Feature: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 60x Total Cash Bet. Buy Bonus feature guarantees entry into Prosperity spins feature. The long-term maximum expected payback with Buy Bonus feature is: 15 Prosperity Spins – 3 rows10 Prosperity Spins – 4 rows5 Prosperity Spins – 5 rowsMystery94.26%94.29%94.26%94.29% Boost Bet Feature: The Boost Bet is played with 50 fixed coins, which is double the normal bet. In the Boost Bet mode, the chance of triggering Prosperity Spins doubles. It also increases the chance of triggering the Prosperity Picks. The long-term maximum expected payback with the Boost Bet feature is: 15 Prosperity Spins – 3 rows10 Prosperity Spins – 4 rows5 Prosperity Spins – 5 rowsMystery94.28%94.27%94.28%94.3% Both Buy Bonus and Boost Bet mode are not available at the same time. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Tap to open menu Tap to open the PAYTABLE Tap to open the RULES Tap to open the SETTINGS Tap to turn on/off sounds Tap on the toggle button to turn on/off game sounds Tap on the toggle button to turn on/off music Tap on the toggle button to turn on/off turbo mode Tap to view game HISTORY Tap to Spin Tap to open Auto Spin Tap to stop Auto Spin Tap to open bet panel Tap to return to the game If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Spin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Ways/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by tapping the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 11/4/2025