Diner Dash Delights Game Rules: 8 or more matching symbols anywhere on the screen trigger a winning combination. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by Coin Value and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Only the highest win in the winning combination is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 93.72%. Gravalanche: A winning combination triggers Gravalanche. The win amount is paid, and all winning symbols explode and disappear. Symbols that are left drop down to replace exploded symbols, and new symbols drop down to fill the reel. Gravalanche continues until there are no more wins. Free Spin Delights: 4 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the base game screen award 10 Free Spins. 5 additional Free Spins can be triggered if 3 or more Bonus symbols land. A jukebox symbol can appear on the reels only during the Free Spins. When it lands, it stays on the screen until the end of the Gravalanche. Whenever a jukebox symbol lands on the screen, it awards a random multiplier value of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x15, x20, x25, x50 or x100. When the Gravalanche ends, all the multipliers that exist on the screen are added together and the total win of the Gravalanche is multiplied by the final value. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch Sound on/off Click to Spin Click to Max bet on a round Click to open Auto-bet Click the X button to return to the game As per the U.K. Gambling Commission requirements, quick spin and auto-spin features have been disabled. All games are tested to level 3 standards in accordance with the UKGC Testing Strategy for Compliance with the Remote Gambling and Software Technical Standards. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 5/29/2025