Han Xin's Quest Han Xin's Quest Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 57 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 25 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline prizes are multiplied by coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding the Bonus symbol. Highest win only paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Re-Spin Feature: During the main game, each win created by a single symbol will trigger a series of Re-Spins corresponding to the winning symbol. Re-Spins continue when new symbols land in a way that increases the size of the winning combination. Re-spins end when no new matching symbols land to increase the combination. Only the resulting win is paid to the player. Free Spins: 3 Bonus Symbols landing on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the main game trigger Free Spins. During Free Spins, the same Re-Spin feature occurs with growing Multipliers that increase with each Re-Spin. Multipliers can grow up to x10 and drop to x1 after each Free-Spin. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to regular spins; you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you get any feature round (Free Spins/Bonus Round). Auto Spin will continue after the completion of Re-Spins. If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/ Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes that you place are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the particular game being played at the time of the malfunction will berefunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable shows symbol payouts as the multipliers on the total bet amount which is calculated as 'total bet = (coin value * number of fixed coins)'. Hence the actual payouts will be coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 8/22/2023