Piggy Millionaire Piggy Millionaire Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the plus or minus buttons next to BET. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding Bonus symbol, the Safe. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Bonus symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.00%. Wild Multiplier: The base game and free game have a Wild multiplier feature. Wild symbols are present only on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild symbols will deliver a random multiplier of 2x or 3x to a winning combination. If more than one Wild lands on a single payline, all the Wild multipliers are added, and the total multiplier is applied to the winning combination. The Wild multiplier is not applied to the Bonus symbol win. Piggy Spins: Each Bonus symbol will reveal a random number of free spins between 1-9. 3 Bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game award between 3 and 27 free spins. Free Spins are not retriggered. Wild and its multiplier that lands in free spins are sticky throughout the free spins. Buy Bonus Feature: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 100xTotal Cash Bet. Buy Bonus feature guarantees entry into Free Spins feature.The long-term expected payback is 94.34% with the Buy Bonus feature. You can place restrictions on game play by following any of these options: Stop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total win in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when your total loss in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any Feature round (Free Spins/Bonus Round).If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 10/30/2024