Festival of Fortune Festival of Fortune Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How To Play Slots: Choose the amount you'd like to bet with. Control the bet amount by pressing on the arrows next to the "Coin Value" Or Choose "Max Bet" (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the "WIN" section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 15 paylines and each game costs a minimum of 15 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline prizes are multiplied by coin value. All symbols pay left to right in consecutive order only except bonus. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus. Highest win only paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 96.03%. Mystery Feature: One or more Mystery Symbol on screen in Main Game or Free Game will start a Mystery Replace feature. Mystery symbols will be replaced with anyone of the symbols presented on the reel. Free Game: 3 or more Bonus Symbols on screen trigger Free Game mode. Please note that due to the Mystery Replace feature there can be up to 15 Bonus Symbols on screen. Number of free spins awarded is calculated as 15 + (Number of Bonus Symbols - 3). During free spins, Bonus Symbols can appear on screen via reels or Mystery Replace. During free spins, 3 or more Bonus Symbols on screen will grant additional free spins. Number of additional Free Spins is equal to the number of Bonus symbols on the screen, starting from 3 minimum. So if there are 3 Bonus Symbols on screen in Free Game we grant 3 additional free spins. If there are 10 Bonus Symbols on screen in Free Game we grant 10 additional free spins to the current Free Game session. Wild Symbol: Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch Sound on/off Click to Spin Click to Max bet on a round Click to open Auto-bet Click the Arrows, pointing towards left or right, to scroll through the paytable pages Click the X button to return to the game You can place restrictions on game play by following any of these options Stop on any win: Auto bet function is stopped when the player gets any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the auto bet function is stopped when the total win of the player in a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the auto bet function is stopped when the total loss of the player in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. Last modification date: 7/24/2025