Survivor - Fortune Pick By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play: Choose your preferred bet level by tapping one of the three idols located at the bottom left of the screen. The idols are arranged from the lowest bet level to the highest bet level. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. The Total Win is displayed in the win section of the screen. Game Rules: In the base game, between 13 and 15 idols are displayed on the screen. Each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin to play. Each idol may reveal one of the following: a credit value, immunity picks, colored particles, or no reward. Colored particles can trigger one of three bonus games: Outwit, Outplay, or Outlast. Immunity picks may award either a credit value or colored particles. Any colored particles revealed are collected in their respective bonus games: Outwit, Outplay, or Outlast. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long-term expected payback is 94.33%. Outwit: 10 X marked positions are displayed on an island. Each X functions as a pick option. 3 winning picks are guaranteed. A meter with 7 multipliers is displayed on the top of the screen, with a pointer indicating the current multiplier. Initial level 1 multipliers are 1x, 3x, 6x, 9x, 12x, 15x and 20x. Player starts with 1x. Each pick reveals one of the following outcomes: - Island Object (Coconut, Flower or Shell): Advances the multiplier pointer by 1 position on the multiplier meter - Immunity Necklace: Upgrades all multipliers on the meter. Level 2 multipliers are 6x, 9x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x and 35x. Level 3 multipliers are 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 35x, 50x and 100x. - Skull: Ends the feature and awards the multiplier indicated by the pointer. The final multiplier is multiplied by the bet amount and awarded to the player. Outplay: At the start of the feature, the player must select one of two tribal teams. Two identical tracks are displayed, one for each team, with both teams starting from the same position. Each track has an identical layout and requires the same number of moves to reach the end. Each track displays associated multipliers along its walkable path. Each path contains a total of 16 steps, including two obstacles. The obstacles are located on the 10th and 16th steps, each requiring 9 moves to be completed. One of the following multipliers is awarded after the completion of each obstacle: 8x, 10x, 12x, or 15x. The tribal team selected by the player is visually identified by an indicator above the character. A 1x2 reel set is displayed, with each reel representing one tribal team. On each turn, the reels spin automatically and display the number of moves awarded to each team. If a team is positioned on an obstacle, the awarded moves contribute toward completing that obstacle. If a team is positioned on the walkable path, the awarded moves to advance the team along its path. Each time a team lands on a step, the multiplier associated with that step is added to the win meter. The feature ends when either team completes the final obstacle. If the player’s team completes the final obstacle first, the total accumulated multiplier is doubled (x2). This final multiplier is then applied to the bet and awarded to the player. If the player’s team does not complete the final obstacle first, only the multipliers accumulated up to that point are applied to the bet and awarded to the player. Outlast: The feature screen displays 7 participant profiles, each showing a name, a win amount, and a lit fire torch. A voting box is displayed on the screen. Each time the player taps the voting box, one vote is revealed, displaying a participant’s name. The revealed vote is added to the corresponding participant’s profile. A total of 7 votes are revealed, one per interaction with the voting box. After all 7 votes are cast, the participant who receives the highest number of votes is eliminated. The amount associated with the eliminated participant is awarded to the player. If the game is interrupted due to a connection issue during Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Play Game Rules: Auto Play is similar to a regular play, you can choose Auto Play by tapping on the AUTO button. Select the BET amount and then select the required number of auto play rounds. Auto Play automatically plays the game with selected bet and for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Play begins, the AUTO button is replaced with the STOP button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Plays. Auto Play can be stopped at any time by tapping the STOP button. Auto Play will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Play will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature is covered under the Paytable section of the respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 3/17/2026