Touchdown Treasures Touchdown Treasures Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the plus or minus buttons next to BET. The bet amount can be changed only when the CASHPOT is 0. Your wins are displayed in CASHPOT (Except GRAND Jackpot win). Press COLLECT to move wins from CASHPOT to balance. Game Rules: The game has 1 reel. The paytable is displayed next to the reel in the game. The game features 3 progressive ladders, each represented by a unique symbol. The ladder symbols are a Jersey, a Helmet, and a Football. Every time a symbol lands on the reel, the corresponding ladder progresses to the next level. If the WILD (Goalpost) lands on the reel, all the ladders will progress to the next level. If the RESET symbol (Whistle) lands, it will reset all the ladders and the CASHPOT to 0. The CASHPOT displays the sum of the current highest-level wins of each ladder. If a ladder symbol lands and the corresponding ladder is already at the highest level, a multiplier is awarded each time. The 3 multipliers for the ladder symbols, Jersey, Helmet, and Football, are 20x, 80x, and 400x total bet, respectively. If all the ladders reach the highest level, a GRAND Jackpot of 500x total bet and the CASHPOT win is directly added to the player’s balance. A game round ends when one of the following 3 scenarios occurs: the CASHPOT is collected, the RESET symbol lands, or the GRAND Jackpot is awarded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long-term expected payback is 93.88%. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Wild/Reset is covered under the Paytable section. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. If the game is interrupted due to a connection loss during a game round, it will resume the unfinished round upon re-launching the game. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/10/2024