Fireball Inferno How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Free Spin symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Inferno Re-spins: 4 or more fireball symbols with multipliers anywhere on the screen trigger Inferno Re-spins. Re-spins start with 3 spins and8 rows with 1-4 active rows. The base game fireball multipliers stick to the reels during the transition to the re-spin feature. During the feature any additional fireball symbol will remain sticky until the completion of the re-spin feature. Re-spins counter resets to 3, every time at least one fireball multiplier lands on the active reels. - 8 fireball multipliers on the active screen, open the 5th row. - 12 fireball multipliers on the active screen, open the 6th row. - 16 fireball multipliers on the active screen, open the 7th row. - 20 fireball multipliers on the active screen, open the 8th row. Fireball symbol may award a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Jackpot. The Jackpot values are: Mini – 50x total bet Minor – 100x total bet Major – 250x total bet Grand – 1000x total bet If all the 40 cells are filled, a Mini Jackpot along with the sum of all fireball multipliers multiplied with the total bet amount will be awarded to the player. Inferno Re-spins end when no more re-spins remain or all the cells are filled with fireball multipliers. Inferno Free Spins: 3 Free Spin symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. 10 Free Spins can be re-triggered during Free Spins if 3 Free Spin symbols land. Inferno Re-spins can be triggered during Free Spins which are same as in the base game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 4/15/2025