3 Wild Jokers 3 Wild Jokers Game Rules By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 5 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 10 fixed coins. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Prizes are multiplied by the coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long term expected payback is 94.43%. Wild Features: Mystery Win Wild: When a Wild symbol lands on reel 1, it awards a Mystery reward. Expanding Wild: When a Wild symbol lands on reel 2, it expands to cover the entire reel and then the win is evaluated. Multiplier Wild: When a Wild symbol lands on reel 3, a multiplier X3 is applied to all the wins. If 2 or more Wilds land simultaneously, their features are combined. Super Spins: 3 Super Spins can be awarded when there is at least 1 Wild visible on the reels. - 1 Wild gives less chance to award Super Spins. - 2 Wilds gives higher chance to award Super Spins. - 3 Wilds guarantee Super Spins. During each Super Spin at least 1 Wild is guaranteed to appear on any 1 of the reels, additional Wilds can land naturally. If 2 Mystery Wilds appear on reel 1, their mystery wins are summed up. If 2 Multiplier Wilds appear on reel 3, their multipliers are multiplied together and then applied to all the wins. Super Spins cannot be retriggered. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click to switch sound on/off Click to spin Click to max bet on a round Click to open auto-bet Click the arrows, pointing towards left or right, to scroll through the paytable pages Click the X button to return to the game If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable payouts are calculated as coin value * paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 8/6/2024