Soccer Glory Fortune Pick Game Rules: The base game displays between 13 and 15 soccer balls on the screen. Each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin. Each soccer ball may award one of the following, a credit value, additional soccer balls, stars, a Scoreboard bonus, a Trophy bonus or a Free kick bonus. Additional soccer balls may award a credit value or stars. Awarded stars are accumulated in one of the 3 bonuses, Scoreboard, Trophy or Free kick. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long-term expected payback is 94.17%. Scoreboard Bonus: Scoreboard bonus screen appears with a 9X12 grid of random numbers. After the player clicks on 'START’, numbers on the grid begin to disappear. The remaining numbers freeze on the grid and are summed up. The final number is multiplied by the bet and awarded to the player. Trophy Bonus: A wheel is displayed containing multipliers. When the wheel stops on one of the multipliers, it is multiplied by the bet and awarded to the player. Free kick Bonus: 5 targets are displayed in the goal post, which may award a multiplier, a combination of a multiplier and a ticket (pass) or a keeper gloves. If a ticket (pass) is awarded, the player moves to the next level. Player can reach up to 5 levels. Players are guaranteed to reach level 2. If keeper gloves are awarded, all the collected multipliers are summed up and multiplied by the bet. The bonus round is over, and the player will return to the base game. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Buttons Function Click to open menu Click to open the PAYTABLE Click to open the GAME SETTINGS Click to open the GAME RULES Click to switch full screen/exit full screen Click the X button to return to the game All games are tested to level 3 standards in accordance with the UKGC Testing Strategy for Compliance with the Remote Gambling and Software Technical Standards. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 2/3/2026