Leprechaun's Bonus Galore Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking the arrows next to the Coin Value & Lines or choose Max Bet (Max Coin Value & Max Lines). Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance. You can see your Total Win displayed in the WIN section of the screen after each spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 30 paylines and each game costs a minimum of 1 fixed coin. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline prizes are multiplied by coin value. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive order, excluding the Scatter and Bonus symbols. Highest win only paid per selected line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Pick Your Prize Bonus Round: 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Pick Your Prize Bonus Round. One pick is awarded for each Scatter symbol triggered. Each pick awards up to 10 Free Spins. All Free Spins are added together. Free Spin winnings are doubled. Both Scatter and Bonus Rounds cannot be triggered during Free Spins. Spin the Wheel Bonus Round: 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Spin the Wheel Bonus Round. Spin the wheel and advance along the trail. Keep going until the wheel lands on one of the stop positions. The prize of the active position on the trail is then awarded. Bonus wins are multiplied by the total cash bet. Wild Symbol: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, excluding the Scatter and Bonus symbols. Prizes are doubled when Wilds appear in a winning combination. Game Controls: This section lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. You can place restrictions on gameplay by following any of these optionsStop on any win: Auto-bet function is stopped when you get any winning combination. Stop on single win limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when the total win of a single game reaches the selected value. Stop on session loss limit: Based on the limit value selected, the Auto-bet function is stopped when the total loss in the session reaches the selected value, which is derived by bet minus wins. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss during Free Spins or Bonus Rounds, the game will resume the remaining Free Spins or the pending Bonus Round upon re-opening. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin; you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Auto Spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining Auto-bet rounds. The Auto Spin button changes to the Stop Auto Spin icon. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by clicking the Auto Spin (Auto Stop) button. Auto Spin settings will return to default when you trigger any Feature round (Free spins/Bonus Round). If you are disconnected while playing, all Auto-play settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/paylines/Bonus feature/Wild/ Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by clicking the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. The in-game paytable shows symbol payouts as the multipliers on the total bet amount, which is calculated as 'total bet = (lines * coin value * number of fixed coins)'. Hence the actual payouts will be coins * coin value *paytable factor when bet lines are kept constant. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 8/26/2025