Pirate's Fortune Hold and Respin Pirate’s Fortune Gold Hold & Respin is a 4x5 all-ways win piratethemed slot. Its layout against a lush tropical island, featuring colourful symbols like Pirates, Parrots, Barrels, Cannons, Anchors, and along with symbols (A, K, Q, J, 10). Special symbols include Scatter, Cash on Reel, Mystery, Wild, and Wild Multiplier. Players can enjoy exciting features like: Fortune Hold & Respin with a chance to win Jackpots. Fortune Free Spins played on an expanded 5x5 reel set, featuring Mystery symbols that reveal regular symbols for bigger wins. Wild Multiplier increases payouts when revealed. FORTUNE HOLD & RESPIN The Fortune Hold & Respin feature is triggered when six or more CASH ON REEL symbols land anywhere on the reels. If triggered from the Base Game, the feature plays on a 4x5 reel set. If triggered from the Fortune Free Spins feature, the feature plays on a 5x5 reel set. The feature begins with the same amount of CASH ON REEL symbols in their respective landing positions. Gameplay: Players start with three spins. Every additional CASH ON REEL symbol that lands reset the spin counter back to three. The feature continues until either: The player runs out of spins, or All reel positions are filled with CASH ON REEL symbols. Once the feature ends, the total value of all CASH ON REEL symbols is accumulated and awarded as winnings. During the Fortune Hold & Respin feature, players also have a chance to win Jackpots: Grand Jackpot – Awarded when all reel positions are filled with CASH ON REEL symbols. Mega Jackpot – Awarded if a CASH ON REEL symbol labelled MEGA lands anywhere in view. Major Jackpot – Awarded if a CASH ON REEL symbol labelled MAJOR lands anywhere in view. Minor Jackpot – Awarded if a CASH ON REEL symbol labelled MINOR lands anywhere in view. Jackpot values are proportional to the player's bet: Grand Jackpot – 1000x total bet Mega Jackpot – 100x total bet Major Jackpot – 50x total bet Minor Jackpot – 15x total bet FORTUNE FREE SPINS The Fortune Free Spins feature is activated when three or more SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels. 3 SCATTERS awards 8 Free Spins. 4 SCATTERS awards 12 Free Spins. 5 SCATTERS awards 20 Free Spins. When the feature is triggered, the reel set expands from a 4x5 grid to a 5x5 grid, increasing the potential for bigger wins. Re-trigger possible: 2 SCATTERs = +5 Free Spins. The exclusive MYSTERY symbol can appear on any reel during the feature, revealing a random payout symbol. BUY BONUS FEATURE The Buy Feature is available only in the Base Game. It can be purchased for 50x the total bet. Purchasing this feature guarantees direct entry into either: Fortune Free Spins, or Fortune Hold & Respin Choosing Fortune Hold & Respin keeps the 4x5 reel set. Choosing Fortune Free Spins switches to a 5x5 reel set. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/15/2025