Zeus's Thunderbolt Plinko RULES By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Plinko: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Players can choose the RISK levels from LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH and BOLT. Multipliers change per risk level. Players can choose the number of LINES from 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 on LOW, MEDIUM and HIGH RISK levels and on BOLT mode 8 or 16. Upon tapping the Spin button, a purple ball drops from the top of the pyramid shaped board, and it hits pins randomly on each row and finally lands on one of the multipliers. This multiplier is applied to the bet amount and total win is awarded. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: Zeus's Thunderbolt Plinko is a chance based game. In turbo mode, ball drop animation will not be played, and the ball will directly land on any one of the multipliers. Previous game result is displayed at the bottom of the pyramid. In LOW, MEDIUM and HIGH modes result will be displayed in green. In BOLT mode result will be displayed in yellow if win is greater than 0 and in red if win is 0. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the long-term expected payback is between 94.02% and 94.03%. BOLT Mode: When BOLT mode is selected, in addition to the purple balls, BOLT balls can drop. BOLT balls have multipliers between 1x and 20x. Each time a BOLT ball appears; the BOLT multiplier and the multiplier it lands on is applied to the bet amount. BOLT mode has dead zones that represents zero multipliers. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences,and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 6/25/2025