Barkin' Clusters Game Theme and Graphics Let’s raise the woof! Have a ball with our new cluster pay slot game, Barkin’ Clusters™, where the star attraction is the exhilarating re-spin feature! As you play, whenever you gather a cluster of 5 matching symbols, they lock in place and award you a re-spin. Every time a new matching symbol is added to the cluster, another re-spin is awarded. Have a go and win huge prizes, while getting more and more re-spins! That’s not all, Barkin' Clusters™ promises an exciting experience with up to 40 Free Games! To enhance the thrill even more, there are two Special Wilds. The Multiplier Wilds boost your cluster wins up to x10! Upgrade Wilds level up your clusters, advancing them to the next higher value symbol in the main game and the second higher symbol during free spins! Enjoy a full-screen of 36 matching symbols and get the super prize of up to 400 x total bet. Come and have yourself a wagtastic paw-ty with many chances to win some treats. You won’t be barking up the wrong tree with Barkin’ Clusters™! Main Game Barkin' Clusters™ is a 6x6 column/row video slot game. Land 5 or more matching symbols to form a winning cluster. Respin Get ready to go barking mad with the respin feature! Every time you score a cluster win of 5 matching symbols, they lock in place and you're in for a respin. Continue adding matching symbols to the cluster to keep the respins coming! Keep an eye out for the Multiplier Wild, the Upgrade Wild, and Scatters - when they join the party, they lock in place, triggering even more respins and boosting your chances of winning big! Special Wilds Boost your wins with the thrilling Special Wilds that pop up unexpectedly as the reels spin! Land a Multiplier Wild and watch your cluster wins soar with multipliers ranging from x1 to x10! The Upgrade Wilds will level up your clusters, advancing them to the next higher symbol. During Free Games, enjoy a double upgrade! Get ready for wild surprises and epic wins! Free Games Score big with 5 or more Scatters and unlock a whopping 10 to 40 Free Games! Once you're in the action: The Multiplier Wild kicks off at x1 and increases by 1 with each re-spin! The Upgrade Wilds supercharge paying symbols, boosting them to the second higher value symbol. Keep an eye out for the fancy Red Dog Symbol in the Free Spins — it will boost your wins! Dive into the excitement of Free Games, which can be re-triggered endlessly. It's non-stop fun and boundless opportunities for epic wins! Super Cluster Get ready for a mega win! When your screen lights up with a massive cluster of 36 symbols locked in place, brace yourself for a special Bonus of up to 400x your bet! Ante Bet Boost your chances of triggering the Free Games Feature with an extra kick! Activate the Ante Bet and watch your chances double for a bit extra. It's easy: just add 25% to your current bet, and you're all set to up the ante and dive into even more thrilling gameplay! Rules During the re-spins, any symbol already in a winning combination will lock in place onto a cluster. Winning combinations that include a Multiplier Wild symbol have their value multiplied by the number appearing on the Multiplier Wild symbol. Special Wilds are only active if connected to a cluster. 5 or more Scatters without a cluster win are not eligible for a re-spin - but this will trigger the Free Games Feature. Winning combinations with an Upgrade Wild symbol have their paying symbol increased to the next higher value symbol or the second higher value symbol in the Free Games Feature. Ante bet feature may not be available in all Jurisdictions. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays.