Firecracker Frenzy - Empress Wealth Game Theme & Graphics Ready to experience the majesty and wealth of China? Come and see what fortune awaits in Firecracker Frenzy™ Empress Wealth™. Watch on as the Golden Rockets and Majestic Empress helps you win prizes in this enchanting ancient world of wonder.. Main Game The base game consists of 5 individual reels with 25 fixed win lines. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except Mystery Rocket symbols and only appears in the base game. Firecracker Frenzy™ Trails Land a Mystery Rocket symbol for a chance to trigger the Lock 'N' Spin bonus. When a Mystery Rocket symbol lands on the reels it will randomly reveal either a purple, red or green rocket. After a rocket has been revealed it may increment the Firecracker Frenzy™ Trail of the same colour. Completing 1, 2 or 3 Firecracker Frenzy™ Trails in one game only trigger one Lock 'N' Spin bonus. When Firecracker Frenzy™ Trails have been completed, Lock 'N' Spin is awarded with the triggered Trail Feature(s) active: Extra Rows - Unlocks 1 of the 4 locked rows. Coin Collect - All coin symbols in view are collected. Coin Boost - One or more Coin symbols in view may be boosted in value. Lock 'N' Spin During the Lock 'N' Spin bonus, each position on the grid is an individual reel. The bonus starts with 3 spins and is reset back to 3 whenever a new symbol lands into view. Coin symbols, Mystery Coin symbols, Trail Feature symbols and Jackpot symbols can all land during Lock 'N' Spin. A Jackpot is awarded when all Jackpot Letter symbols for one jackpot have been collected. At the end of the Lock 'N' Spin bonus, all Coin symbols in view are combined together and the total win awarded to the player, including completed Jackpots. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus offers 3 options to trigger Lock 'N' Spin with Trail Features: Unlock Extra Rows. Collect Coin Values. Boost Coin Values. More than one Trail Feature can be selected together. Single feature are played at the following bet amounts: Coin Boost - 40 x base game Total Bet. Extra Rows - 40 x base game Total Bet. Coin Collect - 50 x base game Total Bet. Double features are played at the following bet amounts: Coin Boost and Extra Rows - 75 x base game Total Bet. Coin Collect and Coin Boost - 85 x base game Total Bet. Coin Collect and Extra Rows - 85 x base game Total Bet. All 3 features together are played at 150 x the base game Total Bet. Rules This game has 5 reels and 25 win lines. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Line wins are added. Only the highest win per line is paid. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except Mystery Rocket symbols and only appears in the base game. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.16% Last modification date: 10/22/2025