40 Fortune Fruits 6 GAME RULES - This page contains information on how to play this game. - Please scroll down to read through all topics. Getting started - This game is a casino game for one player - the gameplay of other players does not affect yours. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the application. - Please choose the amount that you would like to take with you into the game directly after entering it. Playing - You choose the total bet per round via the "Total Bet" button. - The minimum bet per round is E 0.20. - The maximum bet per round is E 50.00. - The 'Start" button begins a round of play. - Each round is independent of previous rounds. - All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. - When you start a round, the bet is deducted from the balance you've paid in. - At the end of a round, the console displays your win, if any. Winlines - This game has 6 reels and 40 win lines. - You can find an overview of the win line pattern via "Paytable & Info". Autoplay - Clicking on 'Auto" will bring up the Autoplay-dialogue where you can configure the following options before starting the automatic spins: - The number of rounds you want Autoplay to be active. - The loss limit at which Autoplay should stop. - The win limit at which Autoplay should stop after meeting or exceeding it. - By clicking "OW, you start the automatic spins with the chosen configuration. - If "Autoplay" is activated the button label becomes green. Clicking it again stops the automatic spins. - Autoplay stops automatically when the total bet is higher than your current funds. - Autoplay stops automatically when a feature is awarded. Winnings - Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. - Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. - All prizes are for combinations left to right and right to left, except scatters. - All prizes are for combinations of adjacent symbols of a kind on selected lines, except scatters. - Highest prize only per pay direction. 6 of a kind prizes pay only once. - Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. - Scatter wins and line wins are added. - The Joker symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Star and Crown symbols. Bonus Symbols - The Joker symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Star and Crown symbols. - 3 or more Star symbols in any position trigger Free Games. - During Free Games 3 or more Crown symbols in any position award a Mystery Win. RTP Range - The theoretical RTP (return to player) value for this game is 95.43%. - The theoretical RTP is calculated as total win/total bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The actual RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Connection Loss - In case you lose your network connection, the game will complete the current round of play. - If this round contains multiple spins (e.g free games feature), the game will determine your winnings based on the game's expected win values. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/12/2021