Silver Lux - Extra Dice DISCLAIMER All information printed in this document is subject to change without notice. Although care has been used when compiling the information contained in this document, Greentube Netherlands BV takes no responsibility for any reliance on the information's accuracy. Preciseness of information may also vary subject to specific market requirements and/or legislation. Game Theme and Graphics Silver Lux - Extra Dice is a straightforward 3 reel stepper game with a classic red, white and blue overall look. The Dice Feature is prominently displayed above the reels and includes casino-style dice. Main Game The game is played for 50 credits, and you can select the value of a credit. Winning combinations are awarded on 5 win lines. The "Extra Dice" Wild Multiplier symbols help increase your chances in winning combinations. They not only substitute for most other symbols but also multiply your winnings. Extra Dice Wild Multiplier symbols can have multipliers of 2x, 3x, and 5x. Dice Feature Three scattered Dice symbols trigger the exciting Dice Feature. A reel with Dice symbols will spin. The number of eyes on the stopped Dice symbol indicates the number of win spins awarded. A win spin can also re-trigger the feature, adding even more win spins. With each trigger or re-trigger, a win multiplier increases up to a maximum of 5x and boosts your winnings. Silver Lux Linked Progressive Jackpot At the top of the game, two progressive jackpots are presented: a Major Jackpot and a Grand Jackpot. Both jackpots are linked to those of other Silver Lux games. To win the Major Jackpot, line up two Wild Multiplier symbols in combination with a Wild symbol on any of the 5 win lines. To win the Grand Jackpot, line up a 2x, 3x, and 5x Wild Multiplier symbol on any of the 5 win lines. Rules All wins are presented in credits, except the Grand and Major Jackpot, which are presented in actual currency. Scatter wins and line wins are added. More than one Multiplier symbol may be included in a winning combination. When this happens, each multiplier is applied to the winnings. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/16/2025