Diamond Cash: Mighty Stampede Main Game Diamond Cash™: Mighty Stampede™ is played on 5 reels and 3 rows, with 25 lines always in play. If you find 6 or more Blue Diamonds, you will be granted 3 Free Spins in the Diamond Cash™ Feature, where you can find the next Diamond. Each time you manage to find a new one, your Free Spins will reset back to 3. If there are no Diamonds around, there are always Mighty Rhinos nearby, which if you are lucky enough, will cover up the whole screen and grant you an immediate win of 750 times your stake! This can happen on each spin. Diamond Cash™ Feature To trigger this feature, you have to collect 6 Blue Diamonds to fill the Diamond Cash™ Progress Meter. Once the feature is triggered, you will get 3 Free Spins to collect a new Diamond. If you can find one, the spins will reset back to 3 and you will be able to search for more Diamonds. If the luck is on your side, then you will fill all 15 positions with Diamonds and it will grant you access to the biggest win in this game: the Grand Jackpot. But fear not, there are other Jackpots to be won on each trip to fill your pockets. Diamond Cash™ with Multiplier Feature To trigger this feature, you have to land a Gold Multiplier Diamond on reel 5 in combination with 5 or more Blue Diamonds on the reels. You will get 3 Free Spins to collect new Diamonds - Pink Diamonds or Gold Diamonds are acting as Multipliers. Collected Multiplier Diamonds will move to the collecting area next to the reel, giving you a chance to land even more Multiplier Diamonds. Grand and Major Jackpots are not multiplied by Multipliers. Rules Base Game The Wild Symbol substitutes all other symbols except scatters. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Scatter wins pay anywhere in view.Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Diamond Cash™ Feature The Diamond Cash™ Feature is played at trigger bet and lines. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the Feature. All Diamond symbols are sticky/locked in place until the end of the Feature except the Gold Multiplier Diamond symbols. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/30/2025