Piggy Prizes - Coins O' Plenty Main Game Help Main Game The base game consists of 15 individual reels spinning independently that are laid out in a traditional 5 wide, 3 high layout with 40 fixed win lines. Coin symbols and fixed pot symbols are locked in the game, visually shown by a chain and padlock over the symbol. They can be won if landed on the reel set in conjunction with the Leprechaun symbol on the centre reel position. The centre reel position has no premium symbols and contains only royals and the Leprechaun symbol. The Leprechaun symbol also acts as a Wild symbol. An alternative to the Standard Game is available to the player called Xtreme Bet. Magic Spin At the start of a spin, a Magic Spin may randomly be triggered which stops the centre reel first with the Leprechaun symbol in view. Magic Rewind In both the standard game and Xtreme Bet, the centre reel may rewind a random number of positions to land on the Leprechaun symbol. In all of standard game, Xtreme Bet and Free Games, with a Leprechaun symbol on the centre reel, one or more non-winning symbols may rewind a random number of positions to land on a locked jackpot symbol. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. The Buy Bonus menu consists of one option of 6 Guaranteed Free Games. The Buy Bonus is played at 50x base game total bet for Free Games. The paytable is not affected and pays the same as a game where the Buy Bonus has not been activated. Xtreme Bet Buy Bonus This game also features an Xtreme Bet Buy Bonus, which can be activated during the Xtreme Bet mode only. The Xtreme Bet Buy Bonus menu consists of one option of 6 Guaranteed Free Games. The Xtreme Bet Buy Bonus is played at 75x base game total bet for Free Games. The paytable is not affected and pays the same as a game of Xtreme Bet, where the Buy Bonus has not been activated. Free Games Free Games are triggered when one of the two piggy filler pots reaches it's maximum size and visually explodes on the screen. The size of the pots is increased by the Leprechaun symbol landing in the center reel position and then throwing a coin up to the one or both of the pots, this may or may not increase the size of the pig. Each pig when popped awards 6 Free Games. During Free Games the Leprechaun symbol becomes sticky and does not move from the center reel position and can still increase the size of the pots for a Free Games re-trigger. All coins and fixed pots values that land on the reels are awarded along with all reel wins. Xtreme Bet As an alternative to spinning the reels in the Standard Game, a different base game can be chosen called Xtreme Bet. The Xtreme Bet game can be played via the Xtreme Bet button. While playing the Extreme Bet game only Coin, Jackpot, Leprechaun and non paying clover pip symbols appear on the reels. The Xtreme Bet game also has it’s own set of pigs that have the size levels dictated by Xtreme Bet game play. When selecting to play Xtreme Bet the player will experience and increase in volatility as well as increased activity while they remain in Xtreme Bet. Free Games are triggered by the player while in Xtreme Bet the same reels will be used for the duration of Free Games. Free Games triggered while in Xtreme Bet will return on average a higher total Free Games win. Rules This game has 15 reels and 40 win lines. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Line wins are added. Only the highest win per line is paid. The Leprechaun symbol is Wild and unlocks coins and jackpots on the reels. The Leprechaun is present on the centre reel only and replaces all symbols except locked coins and locked jackpots. Locked coin and locked jackpot symbols appear on all reels except the centre reel. In order to win one or more coin and/or jackpot prizes, the Leprechaun symbol must be visible on the centre reel in the same game. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. When the Leprechaun symbol lands he may add a coin to one or both pigs. Pigs can grow in size and randomly pop. Popping a pig awards 6 Free Games. Both pigs can pop at the same time awarding 12 Free Games. Pigs can be popped during Free Games to award additional Free Games. Each time a pig triggers Free Games it is reset to it's smallest size. The Leprechaun symbol remains on the centre reel throughout Free Games, and any locked coin and locked jackpot symbols that land are instantly unlocked and awarded. Stakes, coin values and jackpot values during Xtreme Bet are the same as those in standard games. Standard games and Xtreme Bet feature two different sets of pigs. Pig sizes do not carry over between game modes. The average win from Free Games triggered during Xtreme Bet is higher than the average win from Free Games triggered during standard games. Malfunction void all pays and plays. Rtp:94.1%