Diamond Link Mighty Santa GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type Video slot, 5 reels, 25 lines Theme Christmas, Santa GAME FEATURES Scatter symbol Wild Spin Feature Sticky Spin Feature Colossal Spin Feature Diamond Link™ Feature Gamble Feature PAYOUT Default maximum Win 750x Hit Frequency (%) Approx: 28.42% at 25 lines played Jackpot 4 Jackpots Major Jackpot : 200x total bet Grand Jackpot:1000x total bet Volatility Variations Variations (%) 95 Return (%) 95,01 GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics The Diamond Link™ Series is back to bring you a ''cool'' Christmas! A muscular, tattooed Santa, together with his dangerous-looking pet Reindeer, makes his rounds delivering mysterious presents and Diamonds from among his riches. According to the tradition, if six or more Diamonds are collected on a single spin, Elf helpers will open the door to Santa's village full of wealth. Main Game Diamond Link™: Mighty Santa is played on 5 reels and 3 rows, with 25 lines always in play. Present symbols can randomly show up on every spin and might turn into the exact symbols you need for a huge win. If you can find 6 or more Diamonds in one spin, you will be granted a trip to the stars with 3 Free Spins - the Diamond Link™ Feature! Fear not, if you think 6 Diamonds are hard to find. Santa will grant you a second chance every time you manage to find only 5 of them. After the current winnings of the spin are paid out, all 5 Diamonds will lock in place and all reels will re-spin to give you a second chance to find the 6th Diamond. During the Diamond Link™ Feature, each new Diamond will reset the Free Spins counter back to 3 and you will be one Diamond richer. Different to previous Diamond Link™ games, this time Diamonds can award normal wins, Jackpots or the following Features: Wild Spin, Sticky Spin or Colossal Spin. The more of them you find, the better the chances for great wins. If there are no Diamonds around, there are always Santa symbols nearby, which if you are lucky, will cover up the whole screen and grant you an immediate win of 750 times your stake! This can happen on each spin. Feature To travel to the stars, 6 Diamonds have to be collected for the Diamonds progress meter. Once there, you will get 3 spins to collect a new Diamond. If you can find one, the stars will reset your available spins back to 3 and you will be able to search for more. If you are the ONE, then you will fill all 15 positions with Diamonds and the stars will grant you access to the biggest win in this game: the Grand Jackpot. But fear not, there are other Jackpots to be won on each trip to fill your pockets. Trigger: 6 or more Diamond symbols Top Prize: Grand Jackpot Wild Spin Feature A Diamond containing a "Wild Spin" logo will grant you a winning Free Spin, where a random number of Wild symbols will appear at random reel positions to upgrade your winnings. The winnings of the spin will be added to the total Diamond Link™ Feature result. Sticky Spin Feature A Diamond containing a "Sticky Spin" logo will grant you a winning Free Spin, where all winning symbols will be locked in place and additional re-spins will be granted, until no new winning symbols appear or the whole board is filled. The winnings of the spin will be added to the total Diamond Link™ Feature result. Colossal Spin Feature A Diamond containing a "Colossal Spin" logo will grant you a winning Free Spin, where the middle 3 reels will host a giant symbol. The winnings of the spin will be added to the total Diamond Link™ Feature result. Rules Base Game The ‘Wild’ symbol substitutes all other symbols except Diamonds. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Diamond Link™ Feature The Diamond Link™ Feature is played at trigger bet and lines. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the Feature. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the Feature. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. PAYTABLE SYMBOL 5x 4x 3x 2x SCATTER SPECIAL FUNCTION Wild 750 200 50 10 Substitutes for all symbols except Diamond Scatter symbols. Mighty Santa 750 200 50 10 Elf Helper 150 60 20 Rudolph 150 60 20 Sleigh 75 30 15 Santa's Punch 75 30 15 Bells 50 25 10 Gingerbread Couple 30 15 5 Cookie Dumbbells 30 15 5 Present Transform into any other symbol Diamond x 6 or more trigger the Diamond Link™ Feature Last modification date: 12/16/2021