Fuzanglong – Fire Wilds Game Theme and Graphics All Lanterns line up for breathtaking rewards in Fuzanglong Fire Wilds™. This 5 reel slot has 243 different ways to win. Music and fire light up the path to three glorious features. Firstly, a 4 level jackpot with a hold and spin feature. Collect 'Lanterns' during the jackpot feature spins to increase your credits and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. If the screen is filled with 'Lanterns', the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Secondly, in the Stacked Wild feature. Get a full stack of wild 'Dragons' on screen and the "Bonus Prize" selection is triggered. Thirdly, a Free Games feature with ALL WINS x2! Main Game With Free Games, Wild Stacks and a Fuzanglong Jackpot Feature game, this slot is sure to help you get into the festival mood. Your aim in Fuzanglong Fire Wilds™ is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Feature Free games Feature The 'Dragons' reveal the path to the Free Games round. You may be awarded Free Games through Dragon Bonus Prizes and the Free Games Feature is played with 10 Free Games and ALL WINS x2. Free Games can only be re-triggered through the Dragon Bonus Prizes. Stacked Wild with Bonus Prizes Land 3 wild 'Dragon' symbols stacked in full view on reels 2 or 4 to trigger the Bonus Prize Feature. A Wild Stack on reel 2 or reel 4 will display 3 'Dragons' with one player selection, Wild Stacks on both reels 2 and 4 will reveal 6 'Dragons' with two player selections. The Bonus Prizes can be credit prizes of up to 10x total bet, a Jackpot award or 10 Free Games. Fuzanglong Jackpot Feature Look out for the cheerful flames from the festival, when they appear on screen get ready for spectacular wins. 6 or more 'Lantern' symbols appearing anywhere on screen triggers the Fuzanglong Jackpot Feature. The triggering 'Lantern' symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other reel positions. Each time a new 'Lantern' lands on the reels, the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on 'Lanterns' are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is filled with 'Lanterns'. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on the screen are filled with 'Lanterns'. 'Lantern' prizes can award, Major, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 15x total bet. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right. Wild substitutes for all symbols except 'Dragons'. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and all pay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/28/2022