From Dusk Till Dawn Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. All line wins start on the leftmost reel. All wins are for combinations on adjacent reels, except Scatters. All prizes are on selected lines, except Scatters. Scatter symbols pay at any position on screen. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per Scatter combination. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatters prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Main Game Your aim is to get five identical symbols on one of the 50 win lines. The winning patterns, which start on the left reel and continue along to the last reel on the right, must not be interrupted by any other symbol. The Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols in the game apart from the Scatter. It can therefore complete your winning combinations. The Scatter symbol triggers the Bonus Twister Wheel if three of them land anywhere on the reels. And what is more: One of three Mini Bonuses may trigger at any base game spin! Game Theme and Graphics You loved the film, now it’s time to live the game! Join the Gecko brothers in this beautifully animated slot with 50 win lines and cool features that put you right in the thick of the action as they try to survive the night in the craziest bar you’ve ever seen! Help Seth and his brother Richie escape, and they’ll give you more winnings than you can ever imagine! Cash Explosion Bonus Have your wins explosively increased! Every time the total win of a base game spin equals or exceeds the total bet, a cash explosion might multiply the win. The multiplier ranges from x5 to x25. Progressive Jackpot prizes are excluded from the multiplication. Top prize: 6250 times bet per line. Bonus Twister Wheel 3 Scatter anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus Twister Wheel. Win credit prizes and/or one of the Bonus games by spinning the Bonus Twister Wheel. Stopping on a credit prize awards that value and increases all credit prize segments for the next spin (except the final spin). Stopping on the Pick a Bonus segment or 3 credit prizes in a row ends the Bonus Twister Wheel. If the wheel has stopped on the Pick a Bonus segment, the player gets to choose between the Dancing Bonus (10 Free Games) and the Mugshot Bonus (Hold & Spin). The probability of the stops may be different than their graphical representation. Feature hit rate: 100-300 games. Dancing Bonus with 10 Free Games Free Games are played at trigger bet and lines. Dancing Wild: During the Free Games, the Dancing Wild featuring Santanico Pandemonium substitutes for all symbols. A different paytable applies for the Free Games. Watch her strolling in the night! Each spin the Dancing Wild may change its size and position. It can cover 2 to 12 symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for any other symbol. Xtra Stack Feature: Reels are Burning, Xtra Stacks are turning! Every time flames burst out on reel 1 and 5, those reels turn into Xtra Stacks, in which case every position on the reels show the same kind of symbol. Xtra stacked symbols are chosen randomly. Top prize: 100 times total bet. RTP The Return to Player for this game is 95%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/18/2020