Lone Star Jackpots Game Theme and Graphics All the stars align for great rewards in ™. This 5 reel slot with 243 Lone Star Jackpots different ways to win, sparkles with luck and boasts three exciting Features. Firstly, a 4 level jackpot with a hold and spin feature. Collect Star symbols during the jackpot feature spins to increase your credits and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. If the screen is filled with stars the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Secondly, in the Stacked Wild feature, get a full stack of Wild Cactus symbols on screen and a spin of the Bonus Prize Wheel is awarded. Thirdly, a Free Games feature with wins doubled, and the chance to re-trigger. Main Game With Free Games, Wild Stacks and a Jackpot Stars feature game, this slot is sure to help you get into the winning mood. Your aim in Lone Star Jackpots™ is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Free games Feature The Bonus symbol reveals the path to the Free Games round. Land three Bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 and the Free Games Feature is triggered, awarding 10 Free Games. During Free Games, all wins are multiplied x2, except wins from the Bonus Prize Wheel. Free Games can be re-triggered. Stacked Wild with Bonus Prize Wheel Land 3 Wild Cactus symbols stacked in full view on reels 2 or 4 to award a spin of the Bonus Prize Wheel. One Wild Stack on reel 2 or reel 4 will award the player with one spin of the Bonus Prize Wheel, and two Wild Stacks on both reels 2 and 4 will award the player with two spins of the Bonus Prize Wheel. The prizes on the Wheel can be credit prizes of up to 10x total bet, a Jackpot award or 10 Free Games. Lone Star Jackpot Spins Look out for the rewarding Stars, and get ready for epic wins when one flies across the screen. 5 or more Star symbols appearing anywhere on screen triggers the Lone Star Jackpot Spins feature. The triggering Star symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Star lands on the reels the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Stars are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is filled with Stars. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on the screen are filled with Stars. Star prizes can award, Major Maxi, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 15x total bet. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Stars. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and all pay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to player The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.14 %