Gang Wars Game Theme and Graphics The gangs of New York have come out to play in this 5x4 slot with 25 win lines. Which of the four Gang Leaders is the strongest, only one can be the winner in the gang wars! Main Game Gang Wars is played on 5 reels, each 4 rows high, with 25 fixed win lines. All winning combinations run from left to right, except Molotov Cocktail (scatter) symbol. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Randomly on any reels 1, 2, 3 or 4 high Mystery Stacks can appear. Any paying symbol except The 'OG' symbol can be revealed by a Mystery Stack. Mystery Stacks are revealed simultaneously and with the same symbol. If the player manages to get multiple stacks on the reel set in one spin, it could lead to a Mystery Stack Re-spin. The reels with Mystery Stacks lock and any other reels re-spin, giving the player more chances to land Mystery Stacks. After the re-spin finishes, all Mystery Stacks reveal the same symbol, giving the player a fighting chance of getting full screen wins. Gang Wars Bonus 3 Molotov Cocktail Bonus symbols landing on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Gang Wars Bonus. The Bonus is where the Gang Wars really heat up. Each of the four gangs; The Spirits (red), The Chains (blue), The Clubs (green) and The Dames (yellow) have their own territory in the city. The gangs’ territory is marked by their gang colour. The player is awarded 10 Free Spins. On each spin, gang symbols can land on the 5x4 reel set. Each symbol has a value on it, which collects in the respective gang’s pot. The landing gang symbol also changes the colour of the position it landed on to the colour of their gang. There can be only one! The gangs fight it out over the territory of the city because only one gang will leave the wars triumphant. The leading gang, aka the gang with the most territory, is shown via the pimped-out crown floating above their heads. This gang’s multiplier is the multiplier the player is awarded at the end of the Bonus. Allegiance will change constantly in the Gang Wars Bonus as the gangs battle it out for dominance. If one gang takes over the middle reel- called Main Streetthe player is rewarded with +3 Free Spins. The war for winnings is on, which gang are you backing? Mystery Feature What's more, a Mystery Symbol can randomly appear, but only on coloured squares in the Gang Wars Bonus. This Mystery Symbol can reveal a value of +2, +5 or +10 addition or a x2 multiplier. These values are applied to a Gang Leader's multiplier beside the reels. The Gang Leader is decided by the colour of "Territory", where the Mystery symbols landed on. Buy Bonus Feature The player can buy the Gang Wars Bonus by clicking on the Buy Bonus button. The Buy Bonus pop-up is shown and the player can decide which of the three options they prefer: New Blood Step into the streets with the "New Blood" feature at 64x your Total Bet. Perfect for newcomers looking to make a name in the gang world. Riot Raid Raise the stakes with the "Riot Raid" feature, costing 120x your Total Bet. Designed for seasoned gangsters seeking more intense confrontations. Can You Dig It Command the ultimate power with the "Can You Dig It" feature at 160x your Total Bet. The Premium option for true leaders, offering the richest rewards for a higher risk. Rules The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except scatters. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive (meaning on adjacent reels). Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Highest win only paid per win line. 3 Molotov Cocktail Bonus symbols on the reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Gang Wars Bonus. The Gang Wars Bonus can be retriggered 3 times. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/3/2025