River Queen Welcome To The River Queen™! Enjoy all the comfort of an authentic steamboat that runs the Mississippi. Play as much as you want on this lucky boat and make sure everyone takes their hat off before you on the 5 reels and 50 prize lines of the slot. Extend a deck of cards, roll the dice or place the chips in the right places on the table and you'll get to the mainland with your pockets full! Your goal in River Queen™is for the symbols to stop in the correct order on the prize lines. You can find all winning combinations in the slot paytable. Special games Free spins If the steamship symbol appears 3 times anywhere on the reels, you will be awarded 10 free spins with the special “Wild on the move”Game. The symbols that activate the game are transformed into steamboats that navigate the reels. They also act as wilds and Cover 2 positions on the reels each. Each spin drags the boat to a new position, increasing your chances of winning as you climb up the Mississippi! Instruction River Queen™is a single player Casino game that belongs to the slots category. Every time you enter a game, you start a (game) session. Each session is a different and completely independent game. Previous game sessions have no influence over the current course of the game. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the app. Your current game session ends when you exit the app. The following bet and payout rules are valid for this game: RTP (RETURN TO PLAYER): 95.26 % The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Maximum bet per session: your available balance in your account. Logging into your account is not possible during a game session. Minimum bet per round: €0.50 Maximum bet per round: €50 Maximum win amount in double or none game: € 5,000 Here you can also see the trajectory of the prize lines. You will be able to show the prize lines again after each round with the “lines” and “Bet/line”functions. Number of lines 1 to 50 prize lines: you can decide before each round how many lines you want to play with. Online Awards If you get 3 identical symbols, you win prize. Each line Award starts with the first roller on the left and runs smoothly from left to right along the line Award. Wild card Southern beauty symbol: replaces the other symbols and helps you supplement line prizes and increase your win. If it falls on multiple paylines, each wild can act as a different symbol for each Payline and generate multiple paylines. Wild symbols retain their appearance, even when they replace other symbols. Scatter Steamboat symbol: Scatters give prizes anywhere, regardless of the trajectory of the prize lines. To win you need to get 3 Scatter symbols. 3 simultaneous Scatter symbols trigger 10 free spins. Game settings and structure First, choose the amount you want to play the entire session with. Next, set your personal game settings and start your game. Setting "Lines": here you can choose the number of lines you want to play with (you can't modify it in free games)."Bet/line": here you can set the bet amount per line for the next round (you cannot modify it in free games)."Paytable": here you can check the prizes distributed by the machine, and your possible win is calculated automatically according to what you bet. Game mechanics "Play“: by clicking” play", you start a spin and start the game. In a normal game, the bet you set is deducted from your game balance."Auto-game“: by clicking on” Auto-game", you start a certain number of auto-spins. When this option is enabled, the button text changes to "stop"."Automatic “on mobile devices: Press and hold the” automatic" button to start automatic spins. You can then release the button. When this option is enabled, the button text changes to "stop"."Stop“: click” Stop" to stop automatic spins. This applies to both computers and mobile devices. If you finish the spin with a prize, you can bet it again in the double or nothing game and double it if you are lucky. "Fold": if you win prize, the "fold" button appears on the screen. By clicking on it, you open the game double or nothing. If you win in this game you double your round prize, and if you lose you run out of prize. The chance to double your prize is 1 to 1."Collect": if you win prize, the "risk" button appears on the screen. By clicking on it, you add your round prize to your game balance. Please click "collect" if you don't want to bet your round prize in the double or nothing game. All winning combinations are read from left to right along an active Payline, except Scatter symbols, which give prizes anywhere on the reels, regardless of the path of the paylines. You'll only get the highest prize you get on each prize line. Scatter prizes are added to the total sum of your line prizes. Last modification date: 10/14/2020