Diamond Cash Mighty Santa Boarded Up GAME RULES This page contains information on how to play this game. Please scroll down to read through all topics. Getting started This game is a game for one player the gameplay of other players does not affect yours. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the application. Playing You choose the total bet per round via the "Total Bet" button. The minimum bet per round is $ 0.20. The maximum bet per round is $ 100.00. The "Start" button begins a round of play. Each round is independent of previous rounds. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. When you start a round, the bet is deducted from the balance you've paid in. At the end of a round, the console displays your win, if any. Win Lines The game has 5 reels and 20 win lines. You can find an overview of the win line pattern via "Paytable & Info". Autoplay Clicking on "Auto" will bring up the Autoplaydialogue where you can configure the following options before starting the automatic spins: The number of rounds you want Autoplay to be active. The loss limit at which Autoplay should stop. The win limit at which Autoplay should stop after meeting or exceeding it. By clicking "OK", you start the automatic spins with the chosen configuration. If "Autoplay" is activated the button label becomes green. Clicking it again stops the automatic spins. Autoplay stops automatically when the total bet is higher than your current funds. Autoplay stops automatically when a feature is awarded. Winnings Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. WILD All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Reels are counted from left to right, with 1 being the leftmost, and 5 being the rightmost reel. Scatter symbols pay at any position on screen. Bonus Symbols The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter symbols to help complete winning combinations. 6 or more Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Diamond CashTM Feature. Blue Diamond symbols represent Scatters. The possible prize values that can be displayed on the Diamond symbol are 0.25, 0.50, 0.75, 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 multiplied by Total Bet. Blue/Pink/Major/Minor/Mini Diamond symbols are different representations of the Diamond symbol and substitute for it. When the winning combination is made entirely from Wild symbols, the payout of the highestpaying symbol is considered. The highestpaying symbol can be found in the Paytable. RTP Range The theoretical RTP (return to player) value for this game is 95.00%. The theoretical RTP is calculated as total win/total bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The actual RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Connection Loss In case you lose your network connection, the game will proceed to complete the current round of play automatically after a delay of 2 hours absence from the game. If you reconnect into the game earlier, you are able to continue playing the current round. This includes all settings such as number of lines and bet. If this round contains multiple spins (e.g. free games feature), the game will determine your winnings based on the game's expected win values. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME FEATURES Diamond CashTM Feature 6 or more Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Diamond CashTM Feature. All Diamond symbols from the base game convert to Pink Diamonds and their values are translated into their bet multiplier values. For example, a Diamond with the same value as the players' total bet, would turn into a x1. The Diamond CashTM Feature starts with an explosion that creates 1 to 4 highlighted fields behind randomly selected Diamonds on the reels. Highlighted fields cannot appear behind Major, Minor, and Mini Diamonds. The Multiplier is shown on the sleigh. The starting Multiplier is always x0. A game board with feature fields and a Santa becomes active in the feature. Santa always starts in the top left corner of the board and moves over the board tiles in a clockwise manner. The "Start" button starts the roll of the 6sided Red Dice with numbers ranging from 1 to 6 and moves Santa a number of fields displayed on the Dice after it stops. Depending on the field on which Santa lands, the corresponding feature will be triggered. Different fields will trigger the respective feature, they are as follows: Spin Fields, Watch Fields, Diamond Fields and Special Fields. The feature ends when Santa's watch hour hand hits the red zone, meaning that midnight comes soon and he must leave to deliver presents, or when all 15 positions on the reels are filled with Diamond symbols, or when the Max Win has been reached. All Diamond values are added to the Multiplier value on the sleigh and summed up at the end of the feature. This value is then multiplied by the Total Bet from the triggering spin. The player then returns to the base game. Diamond Multipliers on a Diamond Field are not paid out at the end of the feature. The game board is only active during the Diamond CashTM Feature. The Diamond CashTM Feature is played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. All Diamond symbols are sticky/locked in place until the end of the feature. Any numeric value on a Diamond symbol will be paid out at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature. Mini/Minor/Major Jackpot Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature trigger the corresponding jackpot payout (at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature). All 15 positions filled with Diamonds during the Diamond CashTM Feature triggers the Grand Jackpot, which ends the feature immediately. The Grand Jackpot is awarded in addition to feature winnings. Only Diamond symbols appear during the Diamond CashTM Feature. Max win for the Diamond CashTM Feature is up to 7000x total bet. In case the Grand Jackpot and the Major Jackpot are awarded during the Diamond CashTM feature, the displayed amount of the Major Jackpot (base win plus any contribution) is paid out, but only the base win of the Grand Jackpot is paid out, without any contribution. Spin Field Feature Every time Santa lands on a Spin Field, one Free Spin on the reels is triggered. The Diamond symbols placed on the reels before the Free Spin are held in position and all other positions turn into individually spinning reels with the possibility to receive new Diamond symbols. Only Diamond symbols appear during the feature. Watch Field Feature: Xmas Countdown Every time Santa lands on a Watch Field, the Xmas Countdown is triggered. The Xmas Countdown can also be randomly triggered when Santa lands on a Diamond Field. During the Xmas Countdown, Santa's watch appears on screen and the hour hand randomly stops. If the hour hand hits the red zone, Santa needs to leave to deliver the presents and the Diamond CashTM Feature ends. If it hits the green zone, the Diamond CashTM Feature continues. The Xmas Countdown is played automatically. The player does not influence where the hour hand stops. Diamond Field Feature and Xmas Countdown Level Every time Santa lands on a Diamond Field with a Diamond Multiplier displayed on it, the Diamond Field Feature is triggered. During the feature, the Diamond Multiplier is added to the Multiplier value on the sleigh, all Diamond Multipliers on the game board are doubled, and at the same time the Xmas Hour gets closer. Starting Diamond Multipliers can be x2, x3 or x5. As Xmas Hour gets closer, the chance that Santa's watch hands hit the red zone increases as well as the chance of triggering an Xmas Countdown while on a Diamond Field. Diamond Multipliers on a Diamond Field are not paid out at the end of the feature. Special Field Feature Every time Santa lands on a Special Field, the Special Field Feature is triggered. The Special Field Feature starts the roll of the Golden Dice, which randomly selects and triggers one of the 3 features represented by the Add, Multiplier or Collect symbols. These features only affect Diamonds with a highlighted field behind them on the reels. If the Add Feature is randomly selected, a randomly selected value of 0.25, 0.50, 0.75, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 50 or 100 will be added to the value of each Diamond with a highlighted field on the reels. If the Multiplier Feature is randomly selected, the value of each Diamond with a highlighted field on the reels will be multiplied by a randomly selected value of 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 50 or 100. If the Collect Feature is randomly selected, all the values from the Diamonds with highlighted fields are summed up and this combined value will be added to one random Diamond without a highlighted field. The combined value cannot be added to Major, Minor, and Mini Diamonds. The Special Feature dice is not an exact visual representation of the odds the player has for each feature. Jackpots 1.0% of every stake goes directly into the jackpots. Players playing the maximum stake will be eligible to win the total jackpot. Lower staking players will win a proportion of the total jackpot relative to the stake placed. Each progressive jackpot is a prize pool exclusively containing the accumulation of all respective player contributions. For each prize combination (progressive and base win prize), the game displays the potential win value equal to the sum of the available progressive jackpot on the current stake plus the base win prize. When a progressive jackpot is won, the respective winnings are taken from the progressive jackpot prize pool and awarded to the winning player. Any remaining winnings are available for subsequent progressive wins, plus any new contributions. The amount you are eligible to win will be shown in the jackpot banks. It is not possible for two players to win a jackpot simultaneously. In instances of apparent simultaneous wins, the games are timestamped and the first player to trigger the win is awarded the jackpot. In case this game is withdrawn from our offer, your jackpot contribution will be transferred to other certified games with similar jackpots. Gamble With your current stake, a maximum of $ 500.00 can be bet while in the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available for higher wins. During autoplay, the gamble feature is not available. Any base game wins that coincide with a Diamond CashTM Feature trigger are part of the feature game win and cannot be gambled. The feature game win of Spin Field Feature, Diamond Field Feature and Special Field Feature is a part of the Diamond CashTM Feature win and cannot be gambled. The feature game win of a Diamond CashTM Feature is awarded directly and cannot be gambled. Last modification date: 11/13/2024