Candelas de los Muertos - Senor Muerte GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type 25-line, 5-reel video slot with Lock and Spin Feature Theme Candelas de los Muertos - Señor Muerte GAME FEATURES Lock and Spin Feature Mystery Trigger 4 Jackpots PAYOUT Default maximum Win On single line: 200 times total bet Grand Jackpot: starting at 750 €(or the equivalent in your account currency if different) Hit Frequency (%) Approx. 19% at 25 lines played Jackpot Suitable - 2 Progressive Jackpots, 2 Static Jackpots. Volatility Variations Variations 88 90 92 94 95 96 97 Return 87,99% 90,00% 92,00% 93,99% 94,99% 96,01% 97,00% RTP = 95% GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Light a candle and place your bets for the Cash Connection™- Candelas de los Muertos ™ - Señor Muerte. This beautiful spirit of the dead has returned to celebrate luck and winning. Try to collect as many Flames as you can find and if you manage to collect them all - the Grand Jackpot is yours. While collecting the Flames, you might find other Jackpots as well - you just have to keep spinning. Main Game Spin this 5 reel slot and collect winnings from 25 available lines. Your goal is to land 5 Death symbols on a win line, which will award you an immediate payout of 200x total bet. In the regular game, winning combinations begin on the left on the first reel and run along the win lines to the right. Land at least 3 identical symbols and your fiery winning streak will start! Lock and Spin Feature and Mystery Trigger 4 Jackpots can be won in Cash Connection™- Candelas de los Muertos ™ - Señor Muerte. To stand a chance of cracking them, you have to collect at least 6 Flame symbols in the base game. If you manage to do this, you will enter the Lock and Spin Feature with 3 Free Spins. Additionally, any appearing Flame symbol may lead to a Mystery Trigger of the Lock and Spin Feature. This Feature will lock down your collected Flames from the base game and will check for any new Flames appearing during each Free Spin. In case a new Flame is found, the Free Spins counter will be reset back to 3 and your journey will continue. Once all Free Spins are used up - the Free Spins counter reached 0 or the Grand Jackpot has been won, the Feature will end and pay out all the values on the collected Flames - including jackpots; in case their names appeared on any collected Flame. Rules All pays are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. All wins are on selected lines, except Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Jackpot Flames appear during the game. 6 or more collected Flames trigger the Lock and Spin Feature, which might result in reaching all of the Jackpots. Each new collected Flame during the Lock and Spin Feature, resets the Free Spins counter back to 3. Lock and Spin Feature pays out all the winnings at the end and ignores all symbols besides Flames. Last modification date: 10/4/2023