Star Candy GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Come on a candy themed adventure and ride the Chocolate Milky Way in search of the ever elusive Star Candy. Land the Star Candy on a dazzling highlighted field and be whisked away to the game's out of this world Bonus Game with a progressive win multiplier and potentially unlimited Free Spins. Star Candy has good enough to eat graphics, sounds from another galaxy and the regally sweet Candy Queen Wild symbol. So take a bite today and enjoy the sweet life. Main Game Star Candy is played on 5 reels, each 4 rows high, with 50 lines. All winning combinations run from left to right on winlines, except Scatter symbols. Star Candy symbols and highlighted fields appear on all reels. Anytime a Star Candy symbol lands on a highlighted field, the Free Spins will trigger and award the Bonus Game. In addition, the main game includes stacked symbols, the Candy Queen Wild symbol and the delicious Banana Split and Frosted Cake top symbols. Bonus Game Free Spins are triggered by landing a Star Candy symbol on a highlighted field. Each reel has the possibility to have one highlighted field and one Star Candy symbol. Therefore, the player can trigger the Bonus Game with between 1 to 5 Star Candy symbols. Each Star Candy on a highlighted position awards 10 Free Spins, with 5 Star Candy symbols awarding a maximum of 50 Free Spins in one spin. The player enters the Bonus Game with a progressive multiplier starting at 1x, which increases by +1 with every win the player gets in the Free Spins. Free Spins can be re-triggered in the Bonus Game by landing more Star Candy symbols on a highlighted field. For each Star Candy landing on a highlighted field, the player is awarded 5 additional Free Spins. If the player continues to land Star Candy symbols on highlighted fields, they could potentially have unlimited Free Spins. Gamble Feature It is possible to gamble up to 500 times your total bet. For higher wins or during autoplay, gambling is not possible. Rules All pays are for combinations left to right except Scatters. Scatters pay for combinations of any. All wins on selected lines except Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Line prizes are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 10/31/2023