Diamond Cash Mighty Elephant Win Ways Game Theme and Graphics Travel from the Savannah to the stars and win mighty Jackpots in the Diamond Cash™ Feature. Pursue your happiness while majestic Elephants can help you on your path to riches. Main Game and Win Ways™ Diamond Cash™: Mighty Elephant Win Ways™ is played on 5 reels. Each reel can contain between 2 to 7 symbols. A Win Way is created when a combination of identical symbols on adjacent reels appears, starting on the leftmost reel. The number of Win Ways™ is up to 16807 for each spin. Winnings are awarded from left to right for adjacent symbols, except Diamond symbols. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except the Diamond symbols. 6 or more Diamond symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Diamond Cash™ Feature. If there are no Diamonds around, there are always Elephants nearby, which if you are lucky, will award you the Max Win of 7000x your total bet! This can happen on any spin. Diamond Cash™ Feature To travel to the stars, 6 Diamonds have to be collected for the Diamonds progress meter. Once there, the player is awarded 3 Free Spins to collect a new Diamond. If they can find one, their available Free Spins is reset back to 3 and they will be able to search for more. Landing a Diamond in every available position will award the biggest win in this game: the GRAND JACKPOT. Mini, Minor and Major Jackpot Diamonds can also land during this feature. Trigger: 6 or more Diamonds Top Prize: Grand Jackpot Rules The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except Diamonds. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive (meaning on adjacent reels). Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected way. 6 or more Diamond symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Diamond Cash™ Feature. Diamond Cash™ Feature The Diamond Cash™ Feature is played using the same bet as the spin which triggered it. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are paid out at the end of the feature. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator RTP:95% Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 2/3/2026