Apollo - God of the Sun 10 Win Ways GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type : Win Ways™ played on 10 reels. Theme: God, Apollo. GAME FEATURES Win Ways™ Reactions Wild Transfer Free Spins with Increasing Win Multiplier PAYOUT Default maximum Win x8037.95 Hit Frequency (%) 25.14% Jackpot Not suitable Volatility Variations Variations (%) 90% 92% 94% 95% Return (%) 90.09% 92.19% 94.12% 95.05% GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Apollo God of the Sun™ returns bigger and better than ever in Apollo God of the Sun™ 10: Win Ways™. Watch the two sets of unpredictable reel windows create winning reactions using the Win Ways™ mechanic. Enjoy the Wild transfers and Free Spins featuring the Increasing Win Multiplier! Main Game and Win Ways ™ Apollo God of the Sun™ 10: Win Ways™ is played on 10 reels across 2 reel sets. All symbols from winning combination are removed before new symbols fall into place. Any new winning combinations are paid. This continues until there are no more winning combinations in view. Wild Transfer Wilds can land in single, double, or triple stacked. Get any Wild symbols on reel set 1 (left) to transfer over to the corresponding reel on reel set 2 (right). Free Spins Three of more Bonus Scatter symbols in view across both reel sets awards Free Spins. Bonus Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets of reels. x3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 8 Free Spins. x4 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 12 Free Spins. x5 of more Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 20 Free Spins. During Free Spins any Wild symbols on reel set 1 (left) transfer over to the corresponding reel on reel set 2 (right) Increasing Win Multiplier Free Spins includes an Increasing Win Multiplier. The Increasing Win Multiplier starts at one and increases by one after each reaction. Wins from each reaction are multiplied by the Increasing Win Multiplier. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right on adjacent symbols, except Scatters. Awards are multiplied by stake. Scatter symbols in view trigger Free Spins. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at trigger bet. Wild symbols may appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 of both reel sets. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Substitutes all symbols except Bonus Scatter symbol Triggers Free Spins 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 8 Free Spins. 4 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 12 Free Spins. 5 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 20 Free Spins. The win-plan is given as a multiple of the overall bet, due to the fact that this game is all ways pays. Last modification date: 9/1/2022