Diamond Tales: The Ugly Duckling GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type Video Slot, 5 reels, 40 win lines Theme Fairy Tale, Animal GAME FEATURES Snap Drop Feature Diamond Tales™ Feature Gamble Feature Turbo Mode PAYOUT Default maximum Win 50,000x bet Hit Frequency (%) Approx: 32% Jackpot N/A Volatility Variations Variations (%) 88 90 92 94 95 96 Return (%) 87,984 90,000 92,046 93,997 95,040 96,014 RTP=95.01% GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Come on a quacking adventure in Diamond Tales™: The Ugly Duckling. This fairy tale slot is based on the original Hans Christian Andersen story and awards players with magical wins on 5 reels and 40 win lines. Collect Diamond Hearts and help the Ugly Duckling turn from a ball of fluffy white feathers into a majestic swan, which flaps its wings at the end of the story and offers players the most fun wins in the Swan Feature. Main Game Diamond Tales™: The Ugly Duckling is played on 5 reels and 40 win lines. The aim of the base game is simple - collect Diamond Hearts in the Special Reel to either take with you into the Snap Drop or Diamond Tales™ Features, or progress the story and reach the Swan Feature. To collect Diamond Hearts, all the player has to do is land them on the reels. When one lands, it collects it in the Special Reel above and stays there until one of the features is triggered or the player lands a spin with no Diamond Hearts appearing on the main reels. If this happens, all Diamond Hearts in the Special Reel are removed and added to the Heart Collection Counter. The exact amount of Diamond Hearts from the Special Reel are added to the counter. For each chapter of the game there are different amounts of Diamond Hearts the player has to collect to complete the counter and story until the very final chapter with the Swan Feature. Snap Drop Feature The Snap Drop Feature can be triggered at any point in the base game. All the player has to do is land the Snap Drop symbol on the fifth reel and have Diamond Hearts in the Special Reel. If the player lands the Snap Drop symbol with no Diamond Hearts in the Special Reel, this counts as a near miss and does not trigger the feature. The Snap Drop Feature awards the player with one free re-spin where only Diamond Hearts with multipliers on them appear on the reels. The multiplier on the Diamond Heart is defined by the number on the Hearts in the Special Reel above. If there is no Diamond Heart in the Special Reel above, the reel will not re-spin when the Snap Drop is triggered. Therefore, one to five reels can spin on each Snap Drop trigger and each reel can have between zero and four hearts landing. After the re-spin, all multipliers on Diamond Hearts on the main reels are summed up and this sum then multiplies the player's total bet. Diamond Tales™ Feature The Diamond Tales™ Feature is triggered by 3 Book Bonus Symbols landing on reels 1, 3 and 5. The player enters the feature with one extra Heart added to every space in the Special Reel. Therefore, the player enters the feature with at least one Heart on every reel of the Special Reel. The player is then awarded 3 Free Spins, which re-trigger to 3 every time a new Diamond Heart lands on the main reels. If the player has 3 spins with no new Diamond Hearts landing, the feature is over. Diamond Hearts land with the same multiplier on them as the number on the Heart above in the Special Reel. Red Diamond Hearts If a Red Diamond Heart lands on a reel, its value will be added to any Red Diamond Hearts that previously landed on the same reel. Gold Diamond Hearts Gold Diamond Hearts work the same as Red Diamond Hearts. However, instead of being summed up, the Gold Diamond Heart multiplies any Diamond Hearts that previously landed on the same reel by its value. Then if another new heart lands, the Golden Diamond Heart's updated value is multiplied again by the landing Heart. In each consecutive Chapter of the game one additional Gold Diamond Heart is added to the Diamond Tales™ Feature. Therefore, in the Spring Feature only 1 Gold Diamond Heart is available but in the Swan Feature, up to 5 can land. If the player only has 1 on a Heart in the Special Reel, a Gold Diamond Heart can not land on that reel. Rules Base Game The ‘Wild’ symbol substitutes all other symbols except Diamond Hearts, Snap Drop or Book Bonus symbol. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Diamond Tales™ Feature The Diamond Tales™ Feature is played using the same bet as the spin which triggered it. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are paid out at the end of the Feature. During the Diamond Tales™ Feature only Diamond Heart symbols count towards a win, the greyed out symbols don't award prizes. The Diamond Tales™ Feature cannot be retriggered. Diamond Hearts that land during the Diamond Tales™ Feature don't contribute to the progress of the Special Reel and Heart Collection Counter. Snap Drop Feature Diamond Hearts that land during the Snap Drop Feature don't contribute to the progress of the Special Reel and Heart Collection Counter. During the Snap Drop Feature the Diamond Tales™ Feature cannot be triggered. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. PAYTABLE SYMBOL PICTURE 5x 4x 3x SCATTER SPECIAL FUNCTION Swan 500 100 30 Appears only in the Swan Feature. Ugly Duckling 500 100 30 Cat 100 50 20 Turkey 100 50 20 Chicken 50 20 10 Dog 50 20 10 Ace 20 10 4 King 20 10 4 Queen 20 10 4 Jack 20 10 4 Red Diamond Heart X Multiplies your winnings in features. Gold Diamond Heart X Multiplies your winnings in features. Wild Substitutes for all symbols except Hearts symbols, Book Bonus Symbols and Snap Drop Symbol. Snap Drop X Snap Drop Symbol landing on the 5th reel together with Diamond Hearts in the Special Reel triggers the Snap Drop Feature. Book Bonus X 3 Book Bonus symbols trigger the Diamond Tales™ Feature. Last modification date: 11/22/2022