40 Wild Fire 6 GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type 40 lines, 6 reels video slot with expanding wilds and Jackpot Diamonds feature Theme Fruits / No theme GAME FEATURES Stacked Symbols Expanding Wilds Double or nothing gamble DIAMOND MYSTERY jackpot PAYOUT Default maximum Win 2400 times total bet. Hit Frequency (%) 14,618 Jackpot Four-level mystery jackpot. Volatility Variations Variations (%) 95 Return (%) 95.48 GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics 40 Wild Fire 6 is a 6x4 40 lines slot game with glossy fruits, expanding Shamrocks and scattered stars and coins. Main Game Wins pay from left to right – scatters pay in any position. Star symbols and coin symbols are scatter symbols. Stars only appear on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Shamrock (Wild) symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. The Shamrock (Wild) symbol expands and substitutes for all symbols on the same reel except scatters. Jackpot Diamonds Feature The Jackpot Diamonds Feature uses the four-level Diamond Mystery ™ Jackpot. Each mystery level has specific gems. The base win of each jackpot depends on your stake. The base win is 5.000 times your stake for the Diamond Jackpot, 1.250 times your stake for the Red Gem Jackpot, 200 times your stake for the Blue Gem Jackpot, and 50 times your stake for the Green Gem Jackpot. Green Gem - 1st level (lowest jackpot value) Blue Gem - 2nd level Red Gem - 3rd level Diamond - 4th and highest level Once triggered, the player is taken to the Jackpot Cards game where he/she can pick one of 12 face-down cards. The player picks cards until 3 matching gem symbols have been revealed. The Jackpot Diamonds Mystery level corresponding to the revealed gem will be awarded. Rules Shamrock (Wild) substitutes for all symbols except stars and coins (scatters). All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are on selected lines excluding scatters. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except scatters. Highest win only paid on each line and per scatter combination. Last modification date: 6/8/2022