Haul of Hades Super Spinner Game Theme and Graphics Cross the Styx, explore the realm of the dead, and flee with the riches of Hades! Haul of Hades™ breathes new life into the ancient Greek legend. Head down into the underworld while the gods watch over you, and search for the hidden treasures. So, are you ready to go toe to toe with Hades for a handful of fantastic Super Spinner Games? Then call for the boatman to pick you up! Main Game When playing this game, look out for Giant Stacked Symbols spinning through each spin. These can deliver full windows and pay huge wins. Any win over a x4 multiplier of total bet triggers the Super spinner game. Giant Stacked Symbols If stacked character symbols land on the reels and are part of a win they will change to a giant character symbol. Super Spinner Bonus Any win of x4 stake transfers you to the Super Spinner bonus. A super spin costs x4 your original stake and spins all 4 sets of reels. Your stake in the Super Spinner bonus is deducted from your winnings. Play a maximum of 50 Super Spins. If stacked Wild symbols appear on reel 3 on any of the sets of reels, it will transfer to the same position on subsequent sets of reels. Wilds The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols and only appears in the Super Spinner game. RULES All prizes are for combinations of adjacent symbols of a kind on selected lines. Symbols pay from left to right and must be consecutive. All wins pay only on lines in play. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Wild symbol may only appear on reel 3. Bet/prize minimums and maximums are detailed in the in-game help information. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. The actual RTP is calculated as Total Win / Total Bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The expected RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.05%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.