Thunder Cash - Fruity Fruity Game Theme and Graphics Jackpots which come as fast as lightning and much more await you at Thunder Cash™ - Fruity Fruity! Land those colourful fruits, the lucky bells and the sparkling stars and get a huge amount of winnings. Main Game Thunder Cash™ - Fruity Fruity is played on 5 reels and 50 win lines. Your aim is to land 5 matching symbols next to each other on a win line starting on the reels to the left and running to the right. The winning symbols cannot be interrupted by other symbols between them. The Wild Symbol will help you: It replaces any symbol except the 'Star', 'Scatter' or the 'Coin'. If 6 or more 'Coins' appear in any position on the screen you win a Coin Respin Feature. Pick and Win "Mystery Prize Feature" Trigger: 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols trigger Pick and Win. Description: Pick one of the Bonus Symbols to reveal a prize of 25, 50 or 75 times total bet. P&W hit rate: 250 – 300 Coin Respin Feature Trigger: 6 or more scattered Coin symbols trigger the Coin Respin Feature. Description: On entering the Coin Respin Feature, all appearing Coin symbols are locked in position. All non-locked symbols spin individually. The Player is awarded with 3 respins. After every respin, all newly appearing Coin symbols are locked in position. Every time new Coin symbols are locked in, the amount of respins is reset to 3. On reels 1, 3 and 5, coins labelled GRAND may appear. If there are 3 coins with a GRAND symbol after the feature, THE GRAND JACKPOT is paid out. If there are 1 or 2 coins with a GRAND symbol, substitute prizes are awarded for these coins. The Coin Respin Feature ends when the player has no remaining respins or Coin symbols are locked in every position. If that is the case all prizes except MAJOR and GRAND are paid out double. Feature hit rate: 85-100 RTP - 95% Rules Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Coin and Scatter. Wild appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 only. When Wild appears, it expands across the whole reel. All prizes are on selected lines excluding Bonus, Coin and Scatter. 3 Bonus symbols trigger the Pick and Win Feature. Bonus appears on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. 6 or more Coins trigger the Coin Respin Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 9/23/2025