Lone Star Link - Sizzling Wins Main Game With a Bonus Spins Feature, Chilli Respin, a Free Games Feature, a Bonus Wheel and Linked Jackpots, this slot is sure to keep you entertained. Your aim in Lone Star Link™ Sizzling Wins is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 576 winning paths running from left to right. Game Features Bonus Spins Feature Look out for Chilli symbols, when 5 or more Chilli symbols appear anywhere on screen they trigger the Bonus Spins Feature. Any Chilli symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Chilli symbol lands on the reels, the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Chilli symbols are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is completely filled with Chillies. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on screen are opened and filled with Chillies. Chilli symbol prizes can award Major, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 100 x total bet. Getting a +1 Row Chilli will add another row to the Bonus Spins Feature. Landing a Multiplier Chilli will increase the multiplier on the left hand side of the reels, when the feature ends all Chilli Prizes will be multiplied by this multiplier (except for the Grand Jackpot and Major Jackpot). Chilli Respin Any game with only 4 Chillies appearing on screen grants a Chilli Respin – respinning one position on the reels with a chance to land the final 5th Chilli required to trigger the Bonus Spins Feature! Bonus Wheel Land 3 Cactus scatters on screen to be granted a Bonus Wheel Spin! Wheel Spin prizes can award Minor and Mini Jackpots, as well as prizes up to 100x total bet! Also has a chance to award the Free Games Feature. Free Games Feature Win the Free Games Feature on the wheel to be awarded 7 Free Games. During Free Games, only select high paying symbols will land on the reels, making it easier to form winning combinations! Key Features Bonus Spins Feature Free Games Feature Chilli Respin Bonus Wheel Linked Jackpots RTP:94.04 Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/26/2025