Charming Lady Deluxe 10 Win Ways Game Theme and Graphics Charming Lady™ deluxe 10 returns bigger and better than ever in Charming Lady™ deluxe 10: Win Ways™. Watch the two sets of unpredictable reel windows create winning reactions using the Win Ways™ mechanic. Enjoy the Wild transfers and Free Games featuring the Increasing Win Multiplier! Main Game and Win Ways™ Charming Lady™ deluxe 10: Win Ways™ is played on 10 reels across 2 reel sets. All symbols from winning combination are removed before new symbols fall into place. Any new winning combinations are paid. This continues until there are no more winning combinations in view. Wild Transfer Wilds can land in single, double, or triple stacked. Get any Wild symbols on reel set 1 (left) to transfer over to the corresponding reel on reel set 2 (right). Free Games Three of more Bonus Scatter symbols in view across both reel sets awards Free Games. Bonus Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets of reels. x3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 8 Free Games. x4 Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 12 Free Games. x5 of more Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 20 Free Games. During Free Games any Wild symbols on reel set 1 (left) transfer over to the corresponding reel on reel set 2 (right) Increasing Win Multiplier Free Games includes an Increasing Win Multiplier. The Increasing Win Multiplier starts at one and increases by one after each reaction. Wins from each reaction are multiplied by the Increasing Win Multiplier. Ante Bet Pressing the Bonus Chance button gives the player 3 bet options. The game behaves different depending on the bet option selected. Off- Plays the standard game with no additional cost. Double Bonus Chance- 25% stake increase and naturally doubles the chance of triggering the Free Games Bonus. Triple Bonus Chance- 50% stake increase and naturally triples the chance of triggering the Free Games Bonus. The paytable is not affected during the bet enhancements and pays the same as a game with the Bonus Chance off. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. Once activated the reels will spin guaranteeing a minimum of 3 Bonus scatter symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins. The Buy Bonus is played at x50 Total Bet. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right on adjacent symbols, except Scatters. Awards are multiplied by stake. Scatter symbols in view trigger Free Games. Free Games can be won again during Free Games. Free Games are played at trigger bet. Wild symbols may appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 of both reel sets. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/28/2023