Star Supreme GENERAL INFORMATION Game type Video slot, 5 reels, 4 rows Thematic Fruits, stars, Joker SPECIAL GAMES Free spins with unlimited multiplier Risk PAYMENTS Standard top prize 840 times the total bet Obtaining frequency (%) 8.1 Boat DO NOT DELIVER Variations Variations (%) 95 Return (%) 95.10 Game theme and graphics Place the elusive star on a marked box and activate a bonus game with the possibility of free spins and unlimited multipliers! Get ready for an exciting classic fruit slot variant. Make a wish on the stars and make it come true! Main game Star Supme is played with 5 reels of 4 rows high each and 50 lines that are always active. All winning combinations run from left to right on paylines, except for Scatter symbols. Gold Scatter symbols appear on all reels. Every time a star symbol lands on a marked box, the bonus game is triggered and 10 free spins are awarded. With each additional gold star that falls on another marked box, 10 extra free spins are awarded, up to a maximum of 50 free spins on any spin. Bonus game When a bonus game is triggered, the player receives 10 free spins and enters the bonus game screen. The main features of this game are: a multiplier that grows with each prize you get and the activation of more free spins, which can be won when a star falls on a marked box. Gamble Feature It is possible to bet a maximum amount equal to 1,000 times your total bet. It can be played up to 500 times the value of your total bet in the risk game. In case of higher prizes or during automatic play, it is not possible to activate the risk game. Rules All prizes are for left to right combinations, except Scatters. Scatters award in any combination. All prizes are on active lines, except Scatters. Only the highest prize is paid on each active line. Scatter prizes are in addition to line prizes. The line prizes are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by the total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and play Last modification date: 7/8/2022