Money Maker GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type Stepper Slot, 3 reels, 1 win line Theme Cash Register GAME FEATURES Retake Respin Ring Up Respin Cash Out Wheel Designed with Portrait Mode/Mobile in mind Gamble PAYOUT Default maximum Win 1,050x Total Bet Hit Frequency (%) Approx. 39 Jackpot N/A Volatility Variations Variations (%) 88 90 92 94 95 96 97 Return (%) 88,01 90,01 92,00 94,00 95,01 95,99 97,00 GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Money Maker is an art deco inspired stepper with one win line. Unlike regular slot games, Money Maker has no traditional symbols, but instead uses numbers, blanks and Wheel Bonus symbols on the reels. The main difference from regular slot games is the ''Spin Your Win'' mechanic - any single (except 0 or 00) or combined number you make on these roaring reels will be paid to you in coins. So have a spin, listen to some jazzy tunes and let the Money Maker show you how it earned its name! The game was designed with portrait mode in mind so it will look great on a mobile phones, tablets as well as, in desktop mode. Main Game The aim of the game is simple - land numbers on the single win line and watch the coins shower over you. The 'Spin Your Win' mechanic works by landing a combination of numbers on the win line. Whatever number is made from that combination is paid to the p layer in coins. Winnings are handled as the total combined number on the reels multiplied by the value of 1 coin. The player's Total Bet is the value of one Coin multiplied by 10. On some Total Bet steps, the actual win value will be the same as the total combined number on the reels, on other Total Bet steps the monetary win will not be the same as the combined number on the reels. Ring Up Respin Feature The first Respin Feature is called the Ring Up Respin, which is triggered randomly and can be awarded on any winning spin with at least one empty reel. Up to two free Respins can be awarded to 'Ring Up' the player's winnings. The final combined number after the feature ends is paid to the player. Retake Respin Feature The second Respin feature is called the Retake Respin and can be awarded on any losing spin with a '0' or '00' on the reels and an empty reel. If a '0' or '00' lands on the first Respin, the player will receive a second Respin. The final combined number after the feature ends is paid to the player. Cash Out Wheel Bonus Who wants to spin the wheel? The Cash Out Wheel is split into three parts- the outer, middle and inner wheel. Landing 3 Wheel Bonus symbols on the win line will get you into the Cash Out Wheel Bonus. This gives the player a free spin of the outer wheel. If the player lands on a multiplier, the player receives a win equal to the multiplier times the triggering bet and then the feature ends. If the player is lucky and lands on an arrow, it gives the player a chance to spin the next wheel. Land on an arrow twice and the player advances to the inner wheel, where big wins are guaranteed, with the biggest win being 1000x total bet. Rules Base Game Paying symbols on the reels are shown as numbers. Blank reels and the Wheel Bonus symbols do not pay. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter wins and line wins are added. The coin value is dependent on the player bet. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Respin Features Up to 2 Respins can be awarded, where only the blank reels will spin again. The final combined number is paid to the player. Only none winning reels Respin. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Last modification date: 6/20/2023