Electric Flamingo Game Theme and Graphics Electric Flamingo™ is a 5 reel slot with 243 different ways to win and 3 bonus features. Firstly, there is the Electric Flamingo Bonus Feature triggered by Lightning Bolts. Collect more Lightning Bolt symbols during this feature to increase your wins and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. If the screen becomes completely filled with Lightning Bolts the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Secondly, a Bonus Prize selection is triggered with 3 stacked Wild Palm Tree symbols. Thirdly, a Free Games Feature with at a chance to retrigger or be awarded with more Wild stacks within the Free Games. Main Game With Free Games, Wild Bonus Prizes and a Bonus Spins Feature game, this slot is sure to keep you entertained. Your aim in Electric Flamingo™ is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Electric Flamingo Bonus Spins Feature Look out for Lightning Bolt symbols, when 6 or more Lightning Bolt symbols appear anywhere on screen, they trigger the Electric Flamingo Bonus Spins Feature. Any Lightning Bolt symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Lightning Bolt lands on the reels, the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Lightning Bolt symbols are paid at the end of the Bonus Spins Feature, or if the screen is completely filled with Lightning Bolts the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Lightning Bolt symbol prizes can award, Mini, Minor or Major Jackpots or up to 15 x total bet. Stacked Wilds with Bonus Prizes Land 3 Wild Palm Tree symbols stacked in full view on reels 2 or 4 to trigger a Bonus Prize. A Wild Stack on reel 2 or reel 4 will display 3 Wild Palm Trees with one selection awarded for each stack. The Bonus Prizes can be credit prizes, the Mini, Minor or Major Jackpot or 10 Free Games. Free Games Feature The Free Games symbols will award the Free Games Feature. Land three Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 and the Free Games Feature is triggered with 10 Free Games and all wins x2. The Free Games Feature can be re-triggered. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right,except scatters. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Lightning Bolt symbols. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and all pay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/30/2024