Wild Lines - American Eagle GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type 3-reels, Stepper slot with winlines expanding from 1 up to 11 during the Feature Theme America, USA, Eagle GAME FEATURES Wild Lines Feature game Nudge Feature Reels Locking Feature Gamble Feature PAYOUT Default maximum Win 1000x Hit Frequency (%) ~18% Jackpot Not suitable Volatility RTP=95% GAME DESIGN Wild Lines Feature game Wild Lines Feature game If the Player manages to land the Wheel of Freedom on the middle position of the middle reel, they unlock the Feature game. First, they are transitioned into the sky where they can spin the Wheel of Freedom. On the outer Wheel the amount of Free Spins to be won is shown and on the inner Wheel the Modifier which will be applied is shown. The options are as follows: Outer Wheel (Free Spins): 5 7 11 Inner Wheel (Modifier): Steel (each spin unlocks a new winline) Golden (each spin unlocks a new winline AND the middle reel only consists of "Eagle" symbols) Diamond (each spin unlocks a new winline AND the middle reel only consists of "Eagle 3x" symbols) So, the more Free Spins you get, the more winlines you will unlock, which greatly increases the player's chance for a win. And on top of that, the better your Modifier, the more Eagles will be involved in the winlines, possibly multiplying the winnings even further. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind All prizes are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. Scatter symbols pay at any position on the screen. The ‘Eagle’ symbols substitute all other symbols except Scatters. Highest win only paid per combination on screen. Wild spins are played at the trigger bet and lines. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. PAYTABLE The values below are multiplied by total bet. SYMBOL 3x 2x 1x SCATTER SPECIAL FUNCTION Eagle (and Locking Eagle) x3 1000 Substitutes for all symbols except Wheel of Freedom Scatter symbol. Multiplies winnings x3. (Locking Eagle can lock a reel in place under the right circumstances) Eagle (and Locking Eagle) x2 25 Substitutes for all symbols except Wheel of Freedom Scatter symbol. Multiplies winnings x2 (Locking Eagle can lock a reel in place under the right circumstances) Eagle (and Locking Eagle) 15 Substitutes for all symbols except Wheel of Freedom Scatter symbol. (Locking Eagle can lock a reel in place under the right circumstances) Any Eagle 10 Substitutes for all symbols except Wheel of Freedom Scatter symbol. Can multiply winnings. (Locking Eagle can lock a reel in place under the right circumstances) Seven 10 3 Bar 4 2 Bar 3 1 Bar 2 Any Bar 1 Cherry 5 1 0.5 Pays if it lands anywhere on an active winline Wheel of Freedom x Triggers the Feature game when it lands on the middle position of the middle reel Last modification date: 3/9/2023