Sherwood Showdown Game Theme and Graphics Sherwood ShowdownTM is packed full of fun with brand new modifiers and a free spins bonus. The main character, Robin, lives in a tree in the forest and has many friends that he sees daily. Robin has a fun friendly personality. He and his friends will randomly appear, they’ll interact with the game to help you achieve wins, modifiers and the free spins bonus. The mood can quickly change if the Wolf appears on screen! Robin will be challenged by the Wolf, and they’ll both go head to head in a showdown! Main Game Sherwood Showdown has a 5x3 reel TM window and 20 win lines. There are 6 modifiers that can trigger randomly during the base game. There are also 5 variants of Free Spins to look out for. You can trigger either Bronze Spins, Silver Spins, Gold Spins, Platinum Spins or King Spins. To trigger Free Spins, you need a free spins symbol on Reels 1, 3 and 5, but Reel 5 will randomly change each section to 1 of the 5 variants of free spins. Horn Blower Modifier After a losing spin, Robin may blow his horn. The reels will rotate to reveal a winning combination! This process may repeat. Fox Runner Modifier After a losing spin, Foxes may appear and spin the reels to a winning combination! This process may repeat. Reel Rise Modifier During any spin, if Free Spin Scatter Symbols appear on Reels 1 & 3, Reel 5 may increase in height to either 4 or 5 symbols to increase your chances of being awarded the Free Spins bonus. Winning Shot Modifier During any spin, Robin may shoot the reels, adding multiple symbols of the same type. Stepping Streak Modifier During any spin, Robin may appear with his compass. The reels will move in the direction on the compass, revealing new winning combinations! The reels will continue to move in that direction until no new wins are revealed. This process can repeat. Fill the Nest Modifier During any spin, Robin may appear and shoot down a bird’s nest. Birds will drop eggs into the nest, increasing your multiplier to a maximum of x20. Golden eggs are worth x3. Free Spins Bonus Free Spins scatter symbols anywhere in view on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards Free Spins. Reel 5 determines which type of free spins are awarded. Bronze Spins – adds Coin symbols to all reels with a minimum multiplier of x1. Silver Spins – adds Coin symbols to all reels with a minimum multiplier of x2. Gold Spins – adds Coin symbols to all reels with a minimum multiplier of x3. Platinum Spins – adds Coin symbols to all reels a with minimum multiplier of x4. King Spins – adds Coin symbols to all reels with a minimum multiplier of x5. Hold & Spin Streak Coin Symbols lock in place, and the reels re-spin. If new Coin symbols land in view, this process repeats. When a spin gives no more Coin symbols, your stake will be multiplied by the total of the coins in view. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except scatters. Symbols pay from left to right and must be consecutive. All prizes are on selected lines, except scatters. All wins pay only on lines in play. Scatter Free Spins symbol may only appear on reels 1, 3 & 5 Scatter Free Spins symbols in any position trigger free spins. Scatter Coin symbols pay at any position on screen. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The Pay Table always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. The actual RTP is calculated as Total Win / Total Bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The expected RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to player The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00