Tiger and Jewel Main Game Your aim is to land 5 matching symbols along a win line. Winning combinations run from left to right across active win lines in the normal game. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other on an active win line without any other symbols coming between them. The “Tiger” and “Jewel” Bonus Symbols can trigger the special Bonus Spins round; which can also be triggered through the Jewel Eruption Feature. In addition, landing 3 or more Gold Ingot Symbols anywhere on the reels will reward the player with 8 Free Games with multiplying wilds. Game Features Tiger & Jewel™ Bonus Spins Feature Tiger and Jewel™ Bonus Spins are played with the same bet as the spin which triggered them, this bonus game is played on the centre 3 reels, with sticky TIGER symbols in the centre, and non-sticky JEWEL symbols spinning on the outside reels. Landing JEWEL symbols are collected by each TIGER currently on screen and added to their total value. JEWEL values can vary from 1x to 15x bet, and can also contain MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND values. 3 bonus spins are given to the player on trigger and any landing TIGER or JEWEL symbol resets the spin counter to 3. This bonus spins feature can also be triggered through the JEWEL ERUPTION Feature; which has the chance to randomly trigger if 2 of the required bonus symbols appear. On trigger, the feature will grant the player the last remaining bonus symbol required to trigger the main feature. Feature Hit Rate: 155 Free Games Feature The Free Games Feature occurs whenever at least 3 of the INGOT scatter symbols land on the reels. The player is awarded 8 Free Games, and it is possible to retrigger this feature during the spins. All WILD symbols that land during Free Games will either have a 2x or 3x multiplier associated with them, multiplying the value of any line wins they are a part of. Feature Hit Rate: 200 Key Features Free Games via Scatter Symbol Tiger & Jewel™ Bonus Spins Jewel Eruption Feature Gamble Feature Stacked Wilds Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/26/2024