Lock Breakers - Goblin Bros. Game Theme and Graphics Fun and Gold-Loving Goblins unlock treasures and share them with you! Main Game The base game consists of 15 individual reels spinning independently that are laid out in a traditional 5 wide, 3 high layout with 40 fixed win lines. Coin symbols and fixed jackpotpot symbols are locked in the game, visually shown by a chain and padlock over the symbol. They can be won if landed on the reel set in combination with the Goblin symbol in the center position of the grid. The center position of the grid has no premium symbols and contains only Royals and the Goblin symbol. The Goblin symbol also acts as a Wild symbol. Magic Spin At the start of a spin, a Magic Spin may randomly be triggered which stops the center position of the grid first with the Goblin symbol in view and then a random number of coins and/or jackpots appear on the reels. Magic Rewind In the base game, the center position of the grid may rewind a random number of positions to land on the Goblin symbol. In both the base game and Free Games, with a Goblin symbol on the center position of the grid, one or more non-winning symbols may rewind a random number of positions to land on a locked jackpot symbol. Free Games Free Games are triggered when one of the two or both mine carts reaches its maximum size and visually explodes on the screen. The size of the coin piles is increased by the Goblin symbol landing in the center position of the grid and then throwing a coin to one or both of the carts, this may or may not increase the visual pile of coins in the cart. Each cart, when exploded, awards 6 Free Games. During Free Games, the Goblin symbol becomes sticky and does not move from the center position of the grid and can still increase the size of the coin piles for a Free Games re-trigger. All coins and locked jackpot symbols that land on the reels are awarded along with all reel wins. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. The Buy Bonus guarantees you 6 Free Games for 50x total bet. The paytable does not change and pays the same as during a game where the Buy Bonus has not been activated. Rules This game has 15 reels and 40 win lines. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combination of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Line wins are added. Only the highest win per line is paid. The Goblin symbol is Wild and unlocks coins and jackpots on the reels. The Goblin is present on the center position of the grid only and replaces all symbols except locked coins and locked jackpots. Locked coin and locked jackpot symbols appear on all reels except the center position of the grid. In order to win one or more coin and/or jackpot values, the Goblin symbol must be visible on the center position of the grid in the same game. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of win lines. When the Goblin symbol lands, it may add a coin to one or both carts. Carts and the pile of coins they contain can grow in size and randomly explode. Exploding a cart awards 6 Free Games. Both carts can explode at the same time awarding 12 Free Games. Carts can be exploded during Free Games to award additional Free Games. Each time a cart triggers Free Games, it is reset to its smallest size. The Goblin symbol remains on the center position of the grid throughout Free Games, and any locked coin and locked jackpot symbols that land are instantly unlocked and awarded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 6/18/2025