The Great Gambini's Night Magic Game Theme and Graphics Gambini is the star of the show and can deliver 1 of 4 Reel Modifiers or even a Free Spins Bonus that could pay lots of stacked wins. Watch out for surprise bonuses as you never know when Gambini may use his magic tricks. Main Game The Great Gambini's Night Magic™ has a 5x3 reel window with 20 win lines. There are 4 modifiers that can randomly trigger during the base game. Look out for Bonus symbols on all reels. Three or more in view, you’ll be awarded a Free Spins Bonus. Guillotine Win Reel Modifier After a losing spin, the guillotine may drop and reveal a winning combination. This can happen multiple times. You may also trigger the Free Spins bonus. Symbol Levitation Reel Modifier After a losing spin, some symbols may levitate off the screen. The Great Gambini will add new symbols to form a winning combination. Reel Magic Reel Modifier After a losing spin, the reels may swap around to reveal a winning combination. This can happen multiple times. Quick Change Reel Modifier After a losing spin, one or more symbols may shift in any direction to make a win. Free Spins Bonus During free spins, you will be awarded a Special Symbol before every spin. Reel 3 is the Magic Reel. If your Special Symbol appears on this reel, it will become a stacked symbol and be copied over to all reels to the left. Any wins are then awarded. The Magic Reel may expand to the right to include reel 4, or even reel 5 too. This extended magic reel will stay in place for the remainder of the free spins. After your last free spin, there is a chance the Great Gambini will award you with extra free spins. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Symbols pay from left to right and must be consecutive. All wins pay only on lines in play. Multiple bonuses can be won in one game. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. The actual RTP is calculated as Total Win / Total Bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The expected RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/28/2022