Romeo and Juliet-Sealed with a Kiss Game Theme and Graphics Romeo & Juliet - Sealed with a KissTM is packed full of fun and romance with brand new modifiers, re-spins feature and a free spins bonus. Romeo can modify the reels and trigger the Sealed with a Kiss re-spins feature that sees Romeo writing a love letter, trying to win the affections of Juliet, who is waiting patiently on her balcony. Can Romeo get his love letter over to Juliet and trigger Free Spins? Main Game Romeo & Juliet - Sealed with a KissTM hasa 5x4 reel window and 30 win lines. There are 4 modifiers that can trigger randomly during the base game, including Sealed with a Kiss re-spins. Romeo can interact with the reels and trigger modifiers. Once Romeo delivers his love letter to Juliet during the Sealed with a Kiss re-spins feature, Juliet will trigger the Free Spins bonus. Change of Heart Modifier After a losing spin, Romeo may swipe down on Reel 1 causing all the reel symbols to shift across and create a new winning window. This modifier can also be repeated. Reel Love Modifier Mid spin, Romeo may gesture to the player to Pick a Reel. After the selected reel has landed, it will be duplicated across all the reels and the wins will be awarded. A Brush with Love Modifier After a losing spin, Romeo may remove symbols from the reels and replace them with new symbols that will award new wins. This modifier can also be repeated. Sealed with a Kiss Re-spins Modifier During any spin, Romeo may write a love letter to Juliet and throw it to the top of Reel 1. This letter will unfold into a stacked Wild symbol, that will shift across the reels one at a time if a win occurs at the end of each re-spin. A trail above the reels will also increment on each win. The aim is for the letter to reach the end of the Trail at position 5, which is when Juliet will trigger the Free Spins bonus. Free Spins Bonus During the Free Spins bonus, Juliet will periodically hug the letter she received from Romeo. When she does this, she will emit love hearts onto the reels that can be either; Wild Hearts - These will roam mid spin across the reels then land into position. Wins are then paid. Free Spins Hearts - These will add additional Free Spins to the bonus feature. Juliet can also add a Colossal Wild Heart to the reels during a reel spin, which can be either 2x3, 3x3 or 4x4 in size. Rules Symbols pay from left to right and must be consecutive. All wins pay only on lines in play. Multiple bonuses can be won in one game. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The Pay Table always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. The actual RTP is calculated as Total Win / Total Bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The expected RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP:95.20% The maximum win from a single game is £230.184 Last modification date: 5/24/2020