Thunder Cash Senorita Suerte Game Theme and Graphics Spin this 5 reels slot and collect winnings from 25 available lines. While spinning, look after the scattered Flame symbols. Try to collect as many Flames as you can find and if you manage to collect them all - the Grand Jackpot is yours. While collecting the Flames, you might find other Jackpots as well - you just have to keep spinning. Main Game Your goal is to land 5 Death symbols on a win line, which will award you an immediate payout of 200x your bet. In the regular game, winning combinations begin on the left on the first reel and run along the win lines to the right. Land at least 3 identical symbols and your fiery winning streak will start! Lock and Spin Feature and Mystery Trigger 4 Jackpots can be won in Thunder Cash™- Candelas de los Muertos ™ - Señorita Suerte. To stand a chance of cracking them, you have to collect at least 6 Flame symbols in the base game. If you manage to do this, you will enter the Lock and Spin Feature with 3 Free Spins. Additionally, any appearing Flame symbol may lead to a Myster Trigger of the Lock and Spin Feature. This Feature will lock down your collected Flames from the base game and will check for any new Flames appearing during each Free Spin. In case a new Flame is found, the Free Spins counter will be reset back to 3 and your journey will continue. Once all Free Spins are used up - the Free Spins counter reached 0 or the Grand Jackpot has been won, the Feature will end and pay out all the values on the collected Flames - including jackpots; in case their names appeared on any collected Flame. Rules All pays are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. All wins on selected lines, except Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Jackpot Flames appear during the game. 6 or more collected Flames trigger the Lock and Spin Feature, which might result in reaching all of the Jackpots. Each new collected Flame during the Lock and Spin Feature, resets the Free Spins counter back to 3. Lock and Spin Feature pays out all the winnings at the end and ignores all symbols besides Flames. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 9/14/2023