Book of Ra Delux DISCLAIMER All information printed in this document is subject to change without notice. Although care has been used when compiling the information contained in this document, Novomatic AG takes no responsibility for any reliance on the information's accuracy. Preciseness of information may also vary subject to specific market requirements and/or legislation. GENERAL INFORMATION About Book of Ra™ deluxe GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics The mysterious pyramids in Book of Ra™ deluxe reveal the hallway to your treasure chambers. See the hieroglyphics and relics of a bygone era on 5 reels with 10 paylines which show you the way to your long-awaited winnings. Ra's book will help you fill in the cryptic markings. Main Game Your aim is to land 5 matching symbols along a win line. Winning combinations run from left to right across active win lines in the normal game. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other on an active win line without any other symbols coming between them. The 'Book of Ra' symbol substitutes all other symbols and can therefore complete a winning combination. And what's more: land 3 or more 'Book of Ra' symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Games Free Games played at trigger bet and lines. Free Games can be retriggered. During the feature, one symbol is allocated as the 'Special Expanding Symbol'. This symbol will expand to cover all three positions on the reel, and pays for any on selected lines. Trigger: Any 3, 4 or 5 scattered 'Book' symbols trigger 10 Free Games. Top Prize :50000 times bet per line per Free Game. Feature Hit Rate: 150-200 Rules 'Book' substitutes for all symbols except scattered 'Special Expanding Symbol'. All pays are for wins of left to right except Scatters, which pay any. All prizes are on selected lines excluding Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. PAYTABLE Last modification date: 6/18/2020