Hardwell Game Theme and Graphics Hardwell® rocks the dance floor - and now also the reels! Love the music and love the game. Just like a killer Hardwell® set, expect only the best and most exciting bonus features like Bonus symbols that awards Bonus Spins with special Reel Upgrades! Plus, a very special Super Spin Feature features lock and spin action on the reels and a guaranteed win. Join one of the world’s top DJs for a spin around the turntables and a spin around the reels. Get ready for some hot tunes and big wins with Hardwell®! Main Game Try your chances in this hot 25 win line, 5 reel, 3 row video slot game! The reels are folled with cool DJ gear and classic fruit machine symbols. Game features include Wild symbols and special Bonus symbols that award Bonus Spins with Reel Upgrades. Reel Upgrades are a mystery feature. Make a selection and reveal any of these possible upgrades: Win Multipliers, 2 Way Win Lines, Wild Fruit Symbols, Expanding Wild Symbols. A Super Spin Feature kicks the reels into motion with lock and spin action and guarantees a winning combination. Wild symbols substitute for all regular symbols except Bonus symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2 and 4. Bonus Spins with Reel Upgrades Two or three Bonus symbols visible anywhere on the reels award Bonus Spins with Reel Upgrades. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. 2 Bonus symbols award 10 Bonus Spins with 2 Reel Upgrades and 3 Bonus symbols aw ard 20 Bonus Spins with 2 Reel Upgrades. Bonus Spins can retrigger. 1 Bonus symbol awards 5 Bonus Spins and 1 Reel Upgrade, 2 Bonus symbols award 10 Bonus Spins and 2 Reel Upgrades and 3 Bonus symbols award 20 Bonus Spins and 2 Reel Upgrades. A maximum of three Reel Upgrades can be active during the Bonus Spins. Reel Upgrades remain active until all Bonus Spins, including retriggers, have been played. Reel Upgrades: Before the Bonus Spins start, you will see four different mystery Reel Upgrade options to choose from. When you click on one of the mystery icons, the Reel Upgrade you won will be revealed. The possible Reel Upgrades are: Win Multiplier: A random Win Multiplier (x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10) will be applied to all winning combinations that land on the reels during the Bonus Spins. This reel upgrade does not affect the number of retriggered Bonus Spins Win Lines Pay Both Ways (2 Way Win Lines): The reels pay on winning combinations from the left to the right and from the right to the left during the Bonus Spins. This reel upgrade does not affect the number of retriggered Bonus Spins. Win Both Ways and a Win Multiplier of x10 cannot be active at the same time. Wild Fruit on Reel 3: One of the regular fruit symbols on the reels will be randomly selected to become a Wild symbol on reel 3 only during the Bonus Spins. Expanding Wild Symbols: During the Bonus Spins, all Wild symbols become expanding Wild symbols, except for any Wild fruit symbols that are activated as a Reel Upgrade. Super Spin Feature The Super Spin Feature is a lock and spin game where regular symbols will lock on to the reels while the reels spin. It is also possible that special Gold Disc symbols will lock on to the reels instead of regular symbols. When between 8 and 15 Gold Disc symbols have locked on to the reels, the reels will stop spinning and all of the Gold Disc symbols will reveal one regular symbol that will replace all of the Gold Disc symbols on the reels. The Super Spin Feature guarantees a winning combination. RTP The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.04% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Win lines pay from the left to the right. Only the highest winning combination per active win line pays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/18/2020