Love and Rage: Olympus Game Theme and Graphics Enter this amazing game and become a hero of Olympus. Love and Rage will follow you on your path to riches. Main Game Love and Rage - Olympus is played on 5 reels and 3 rows, with 25 lines always in play. Winning combinations run from the left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, except Scatter symbols. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except the Scatter symbols. Non-winning spin? Don’t worry! Randomly on a dead spin, players can be rewarded with a Mini Hera or Mini Zeus Feature. Mini Hera Feature Any currently visible high-paying symbols are transformed into Hera symbols randomly on a losing spin during the base game. Mini Zeus Feature One currently visible low-paying symbol is randomly chosen, and all symbols of that type are transformed into Zeus (Wild) randomly on a losing spin during the base game. Free Games 3 Vase symbols on the reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger either the Zeus or the Hera Free Games, depending on whether they are majority lightning or fire images respectively after the reveal. Zeus Free Games The player is awarded 10 Free games. Every Zeus symbol landing on the reels during the Free Games contributes to the progress meter on the left podium. Once the progress meter has been filled, the symbol shown on the left side is replaced with the Zeus symbol on the reel set, the next symbol to be replaced is shown in its place and the player is awarded 2 additional Free Games. If the player fills the entire progress meter on the left podium, all lowpaying symbols will be replaced with the Zeus symbol. During these Free Games, the Hera progress meter is also filled with every Hera symbol landing on the reels, but it has no effect, unless both progress meters are completely filled. Hera Free Games The player is awarded 10 Free games. Every Hera symbol landing on the reels during the Free Games contributes to the progress meter on the right podium. Once the progress meter has been filled, the symbol shown on the right side is replaced with the Hera symbol on the reel set, the next symbol to be replaced is shown in its place and the player is awarded 2 additional Free Games. If the player fills the entire progress meter on the right podium, all high-paying symbols will be replaced with the Hera symbol. During these Free Games the Zeus progress meter is also filled with every Zeus symbol landing on the reels, but it has no effect, unless both progress meters are completely filled. Olympic Power Couple Feature If the player completely fills both progress meters, the Olympic Power Couple Feature is awarded! When it is triggered, it awards 7 Free Games. The progress meter of the triggering feature remains full, while the other progress meter can now also be filled. The player is given 1 additional Free Game upon every threshold reached. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except the Scatter symbols. 3 Scatter symbols trigger 10 Free Games. The type of Free Games depends on majority lightning or fire symbols on vases. Free Games are played at the same bet as the triggering spin. When players reach a threshold during the Hera or Zeus Free Games, they are awarded 2 additional Free Games. Olympic Power Couple Feature can be won only during Free Games, when both progress meters are filled up, or by buying the Bonus. When players reach a threshold during the Olympic Power Couple Feature, they are awarded 1 additional Free Game. Mini Zeus Feature or Mini Hera Feature can be won randomly on a dead spin during the base game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/10/2024