Legends of the Seas Game Theme and Graphics Riches awaits you on this underwater 40-line, 5-reel video game. During the base game, Neptune may display his power to change symbols. When Neptune and the Mermaid both appear they escort you to their underwater realm for 10 free spins. During free spins, Neptune's underwater powers increase to grant even more treasures including stacked wilds, additional free spins and spin multipliers. Main Game NEPTUNE SCATTER and MERMAID SCATTER trigger 10 free spins A symbol may be chosen to randomly cover 4 to 9 adjoining positions on the reels. Free Spins During free spins, one of the three features is initiated each spin: A symbol is randomly chosen to cover 4 to 9 adjoining positions on the reels. A WILD reel randomly covers all positions on any of reels 1,2,4 or 5. The entire NEPTUNE & MERMAID SCATTER symbol covers three positions on reel 3 and 2 extra free spins are awarded. Multiplier up to x10 may be awarded for one or more spins. Trigger: Both Neptune Scatter and Mermaid Scatter completely displayed on the same spin. Top prize: 200 times bet per line per Free Game Feature hit rate: 160 - 180 Neptune Feature In the base game, a symbol may be chosen to randomly cover 4 to 9 adjoining positions on the reels. During free spins, one of the three features is initiated each spin: A symbol is randomly chosen to cover 4 to 9 adjoining positions on the reels. A WILD reel randomly covers all positions on any of reels 1,2,4 or 5. The entire NEPTUNE & MERMAID SCATTER symbol covers three positions on reel 3 and 2 extra free spins are awarded. Feature hit rate: 6 - 8 Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right except Scatters, which pay any. Scatter Symbols may only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Free Games can be won again during the Free Games. All combinations are on adjacent reels. Only the highest value symbol combination is paid on each pay-line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. This game has a theoretical return to player of 96.09%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/17/2020