Santa's Riches GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Santa's Riches™ can deliver lots of wins by unlocking different parts of the reel window. Each time there is a win it will unlock the next part of the reels. In addition to this, each time there is a win an arrow will light up. The arrows lead to a Free Spins Bonus. There are 4 types of Free Spins Bonuses that all have a Christmas Present symbol enhancement. Main Game Santa's Riches™ has a 5x3 reel window with 20 win lines. The player can unlock more win lines by getting wins. Initial game 5x3 reel window with 20 win lines (wins pay left to right) After 1st win 6x3 reel window with 20 win lines (wins pay left to right or right to left) After 2nd win 6x4 reel window with 40 win lines (wins pay left to right or right to left) After 3rd win 6x5 reel window with 50 win lines (wins pay left to right or right to left) Each win lights up an arrow, light 4 or more arrows to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Arrow Trail One arrow expands the active positions to 6x3 and pays in both directions on 20 win lines. Two arrows expands the active positions to 6x4 and pays in both directions on 40 win lines. Three arrows expands the active positions to 6x5 and pays in both directions on 50 win lines. Four arrows awards five free spins and adds Christmas Present symbols. Five arrows adds stacked Christmas Present symbols for free spins. Six arrows adds Mega Christmas Present symbols (2x2) for free spins. Seven arrows adds Colossal Christmas Present symbols (3x2) for free spins. Free Spins During free spins, there is a new arrow trail. Each winning drop lights an arrow. A drop with no win clears the trail. Four arrows awards four additional free spins. Five arrows awards six additional free spins. Six arrows awards eight additional free spins. Seven arrows awards ten additional free spins. Only the final number of additional free spins is added. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right for initial win. All prizes are for combinations left to right and right to left for subsequent wins. All wins pay only on lines in play. Highest prize only per pay direction. 6 of a kind prizes paid only once. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. Bet/prize minimums and maximums are detailed in the in-game help information. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. The actual RTP is calculated as Total Win / Total Bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The expected RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP is 95.26%. The maximum win from a single game is £231,780 Last modification date: 11/29/2022