Diamond Cash: Mighty Emperor Game Theme and Graphics Become a part of the Emperor's family and resume their rule over Japan for the next hundreds of years. The Emperor's Riches will lead you to diamonds, where the Grand Jackpot is just around the corner. It's time to WIN! Main Game Diamond Cash™: Mighty Emperor is played on 5 reels, all 3 rows in height, with 25 lines always in play. Mystery symbols might show up on every spin and might turn into the symbols you are looking for - I am sure you can convince them to do exactly what you need. If you can find 6 or more diamonds in one spin, you will be granted a trip to the stars with 3 free spins in the Diamond Cash Feature! Fear not if you think 6 diamonds are hard to find. The Emperor will grant you a second chance every time you manage to find only 5 of them. After the current winnings of the spin are paid out, all 5 diamonds will lock in place and all reels will re-spin to give you a second chance to find the 6th diamond. Once in the Diamond Cash Feature, each new diamond will reset the Free spins counter back to 3 and you will be one diamond richer. This time, diamonds can award you normal wins, Jackpots or the following Features: Wild Spin, Sticky Spin or Colossal Spin. The more of them you find, the better the chances for great wins. If there are no diamonds around, there are always Emperor Symbols nearby, which if you are lucky, will cover up the whole screen and grant you an immediate win of 750 times your stake! This can happen on each spin. Diamond Cash™ Feature To travel to the stars, 6 diamonds have to be collected for the diamonds progress meter. We all know that you are the bravest Emperor out there and that you are able to do that. Imagine how beautiful it must be between the stars. Once there, you will get 3 spins to collect a new diamond. If you can find one, the stars will reset your available spins back to 3 and you will be able to search for more. If you are the ONE, then you will find all 15 diamonds and the stars will grant you access to the biggest win in this game: the GRAND JACKPOT. But fear not, there are other jackpots to be won on each trip to fill your pockets. Trigger: 6 or more diamond symbols Top Prize: Grand Jackpot Wild Spin Feature A Diamond containing a "Wild Spin" logo will grant you a winning free spin, where a random number of wild symbols will appear at random reel positions to upgrade your winnings. The spin winnings will be added to the total Diamond Cash Feature result. Sticky Spin Feature A Diamond containing a "Sticky Spin" logo will grant you a winning free spin, where all winning symbols will be locked in place and additional re-spins will be granted, until no new winning symbols appear or the whole board is filled. The spin winnings will be added to the total Diamond Cash Feature result. Colossal Spin Feature A Diamond containing a "Colossal Spin" logo will grant you a winning free spin, where the middle 3 reels will host a giant symbol. The spin winnings will be added to the total Diamond Cash Feature result. Rules Base Game The ‘Wild’ symbol substitutes all other symbols except scatters and diamonds. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Diamond Cash™ Feature The Diamond Cash™ feature is played using the same bet as the spin which triggered it. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the feature. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Last modification date: 10/31/2023