3 Mystic Lamps Game Theme and Graphics 3 Mystic Lamps is a 5x3 reel slot with 243 winning ways as well as 3 mysterious lamps that can each grant unique features! Main Game With 3 different coloured Lamps and their unique features combining into a treasure-filled Hold and Spin Feature containing Multipliers, Double Screen and Extra Bonus Spin mechanics, you will be entertained. In 3 Mystic Lamps, your aim is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Buy Bonus In 3 Mystic Lamps Buy Bonus we have included the Buy Bonus Feature which allows the player to buy the Hold and Spin Feature which awards a combination of random Gem symbols that are guaranteed to trigger. The cost of the Buy Bonus Feature will depend on the players current bet level. Hold and Spin Feature Any of the various coloured Gem symbols landing on the reels have a chance to randomly trigger the Hold and Spin Feature, awarding 3 Bonus Spins. Any triggering Gem symbols are transformed into Coin symbols with values attached, and additional coin symbols are added to the reels. Additional Coins may appear during Bonus Spins, containing prizes - including Mini, Minor or Major prizes! All Coin symbols are held in position. When a Coin Symbol appears, the Bonus Spin Counter is reset to 3 and all prizes are paid out at the end of the Hold and Spin Feature. Multiple Gem symbols of different colours allows for multiple features to be combined together in the Hold and Spin Feature. Triggering the GREEN GEM activates the Bonus Multipliers, allowing complete columns of Coin symbols to multiply in value. Triggering the GOLD GEM activates the Double Screen Feature, where two separate Hold and Spins are played at once! Triggering the PINK GEM activates the Extra Bonus Spin, awarding 4 Bonus Spins instead of 3, and resetting back to 4 upon a Coin symbol landing. Trigger all 3 Gems at once to activate the Ultimate Feature with all of the features simultaneously coming into play! Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except scatters. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Green Gem symbols, Gold Gem symbols and Pink Gem symbols. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and allpay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP - 94.03% Last modification date: 2/10/2026