Shrimp on the Barbie Buy Bonus Game Theme and Graphics It's time to throw some Shrimp on the Barbie! Feeling hungry? Well, this game has Shrimps, Steaks, Chickens, Burgers, Sausages and tasty wins, so you'll be sure to keep coming back for seconds! Landing the Shrimp Wild can multiply your wins and unlocking the Cooking with Gas Bonus turns up the heat, with Free Spins and a Wild Multiplier Pot! Main Game Shrimp on the Barbie is played on a 3x3 reel matrix with 5 win lines, paying left to right with 4 Hot Reels surrounding the main reel matrix. All winning combinations run from left to right on winlines, except for the Gas Bonus symbol. The player's aim in the base game is to land Shrimp Wild symbols and get multipliers on the Hot Reels. If they do, any wins with a Shrimp Wild symbol are multiplied by the multipliers from the Hot Reels. The Shrimp Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Gas Bonus symbol and can become a Wild Multiplier symbol. 3 Gas Bonus symbols scattered on the reels trigger the Cooking with Gas Bonus. Hot Reels Feature Like your slot games with a bit of extra heat? Then the Hot Reels Feature is for you! There are 4 Hot Reels that spin independently of the main 3x3 reel matrix and can land either blank positions or Hot Reels Multipliers. The Hot Reels Multipliers are x2 and x3 and can be doubled to x4 and x6 when playing with the Order Up! Feature on. Landing a Shrimp Wild symbol and Hot Reels Multiplier can add some spice to your winnings. Hot Reels Multipliers are awarded to Shrimp Wilds in the following way: The leftmost Hot Reels Multiplier is transferred to the Shrimp Wild on the leftmost reel. The Hot Reels Multipliers on the top and bottom reels are transferred to the Shrimp Wild on the middle reel. The rightmost Hot Reel Multiplier is transferred to the Shrimp Wild on the rightmost reel. Have multiple Shrimp Multiplier Wilds on one win line? Lucky you, then that win line will be multiplied by the sum of the two Wild Multipliers Order Up! Feature If you'd like to customise your dish, we have something special for you. Double your bet per spin for a higher chance of landing those tasty Shrimp Wilds. Or if you're still not full, you can triple your bet per spin to double the Hot Reels Multiplier from x2 and x3 to x4 and x6. The best thing about this feature? It works in the Cooking with Gas Bonus too. Cooking with Gas Bonus 3 Gas Bonus symbols scattered on the reels trigger the Cooking with Gas Bonus and in this bonus we turn the heat all the way up. 10 Free Spins are awarded and if you're lucky enough to have Hot Reels Multipliers on the triggering spin, then these carry over into the Bonus and you will start with a higher Wild Multiplier! Otherwise, the Wild Multiplier starts at x1. In the Bonus, the flames are licking the reels and the Hot Reels Multipliers come thick and fast. Any time you land one in the Bonus, even without a Shrimp Wild, it is added to the Wild Multiplier Pot. Then when the Shrimp Wilds land on the barbie in a winning position, the Wild Multiplier is added to them. Just like in the base game, multiples of the juicy Shrimps Wild Multipliers on one win line have their multipliers added together and this new number multiplies the win line win. Buy Bonus Feature Want to skip the appetizer and get to the main course? Well you can do this with the Buy Bonus Feature. The Buy Bonus Feature can be bought at anytime in the base game when the reels are not spinning. We have three different levels that will test your heat tolerance: Mild- costs 50x total bet and guarantees a spin that triggers the Cooking with Gas Bonus with 10 Free Spins and the starting Wild Multiplier Pot value in a range of x2 to x5. Hot- costs 100x total bet and guarantees a spin that triggers the Cooking with Gas Bonus with 10 Free Spins and the starting Wild Multiplier Pot value in a range of x5 to x12. Extra Hot- costs 150x total bet and guarantees a spin that triggers the Cooking with Gas Bonus with 15 Free Spins and the starting Wild Multiplier Pot value in a range of x5 to x12. So grab a cola or ginger beer from the cooling box and get ready for the heat of the Buy Bonus feature, be careful not to burn your tongue. Rules The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except Gas symbols. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive (meaning on adjacent reels). Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected way. 3 Gas symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Cooking with Gas Bonus. The Cooking with Gas Bonus can not be re-triggered. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/31/2024