Book of Ra Magic Book of Ra™ is one of the most popular slots of all time, and things just got even more exciting with this action-packed addition to the series, Book of Ra™ Magic! Return to where it all began and find out the truth behind the Pharaoh’s curse. Go even deeper into the world of ancient Egypt than ever before in this 5-reel slot with up to 10 win lines and Free Games with up to 9 Special Expanding Symbols! Main Game The aim of Book of Ra™ Magic is to line up five identical symbols next to each other from left to right across up to 10 win lines. A minimum combination of two or three matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel pays out. The Book symbol is the Scatter and also substitutes all other symbols (except the Special Expanding Symbol) to form winning combinations. Free Games with up to 9 Special Expanding Symbols Trigger : 3 or more scattered Book of Ra symbols trigger 10 Free Games and the first Special Expanding Symbol is randomly revealed. Description : After a retrigger an additional Special Expanding Symbol is randomly chosen from the remaining set of symbols (except Scatter). Up to 9 Special Expanding Symbols are possible. Each Special Expanding Symbol expands to cover all three positions on the respective reels and pays on any position. Bet staked and lines played are the same as in the game that started the feature. During the feature, a different reel strip is used. Free Games can be won again during the feature. Feature top prize : 5000 times credits bet per line. Feature hit rate : Approx. 170-210 games. Rules Book of Ra symbol substitutes for all symbols except scattered Special Expanding Symbol. All pays are for wins of left to right, except Scatters, which pay any. All prizes are on selected lines, excluding Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to player Return to player for this game is 95.03% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.