Pots of Treasure Win Ways Game Theme and Graphics Pots of Treasure™: Win Ways™ combines the popular Win Ways mechanic with Jackpots that can be won inside the Free Games feature. Watch the wins add up over multiple reactions! Main Game and Win Ways™ Pots of Treasure™: Win Ways™ is played across a main reel set and a top reel. The main reel set has 6 reels. The top reel contains 4 symbols. Each symbol is added to the reel directly below on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each main reel with or without the top reel symbols can contain up to 7 symbols. Each spin can have a maximum of 117649 Win Ways™ to win. Wins are awarded from left to right on adjacent symbols. Awards are multiplied by stake. Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the main reels and from the right on the top reel. Scatter and Wilds 3 Bonus scatter symbols award 8 Free Games. Every extra Bonus scatter awards an additional 4 Free Games. Wild substitutes all symbols except Scatters. Free Games and the Increasing Win Multiplier In Free Games, Scatter symbols only appear on the top reel. During Free Games: x3 Scatters award 4 additional Free Games. x4 Scatters award 8 additional Free Games. Free Games includes an Increasing Win Multiplier. The Increasing Win Multiplier starts at one and increases by one after each reaction. Wins from each reaction are multiplied by the Increasing Win Multiplier, excluding jackpots. Jackpots Jackpots can be won in Free Games. Collect 3 coins per pot to win a jackpot. Coins only appear on the main reel set. Grand Jackpot value is 1000x base game Total Bet. Major Jackpot value is 200x base game Total Bet. Minor Jackpot value is 25x base game Total Bet. Mini Jackpot value is 10x base game Total Bet. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right on adjacent symbols, except Bonus scatter symbols. Awards are multiplied by stake. Bonus scatter symbols in view trigger Free Games. Free Games can be won again during Free Games. Free Games are played at trigger bet. Wild symbols only appear on the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/16/2023