Candy Splasher Game Theme and Graphics Do you want to enjoy the sweet life? It is time to take a bite into this game full of candies, chocolates, cakes and tasty wins! Gain a Multiplier and your wins become sweeter. Main Game Candy Splasher is played on 6 reels and 5 rows. Every spin can bring you the Tumble Feature with a chance that a winning candy combination will appear. In the Tumble Feature after every spin, winning combinations are paid and all winning symbols disappear from the game board. The remaining symbols fall down into empty positions of the game board and all other empty positions are replaced with symbols falling down from above. But your wins can be sweeter! How? In random spins you can find a lollipop, that will multiply your win from x2 to x100. Bomb and Rocket symbols randomly falling into the game board explode once no more winning combinations are possible, so you have a chance to find another winning combination or Bonus symbols that will allow you to enter the Free Games. Did you received just 3 Bonus symbols? No worries! The reels with Bonus symbols will lock and you still have a chance to gain the fourth Bonus symbol during the re-spin of the remaining reels. Free Games Winning candy combinations are not the only thing that can bring you happiness in this game. If you can find 4 Bonus symbols in one tumbling sequence, you will be awarded 15 Free Games to enjoy your journey. After you entered the Free Games, the door to the Chocolate Empire has opened for you and offers you a chance to multiply your winnings when you manage to land a Multiplier symbol or win additional Free Games. Wins in Free Games can be multiplied from x2 to x85. Trigger: 4 Bonus symbols in the base game trigger 15 Free Games 3 or 4 Bonus symbols in the Free Games trigger 5 additional Free Games Buy Bonus Feature The player can buy the Free Games for 100x the total bet at any time in the base game by clicking the Buy Bonus button. Clicking the Buy Bonus button guarantees the player a spin where 4 Bonus symbols land on the gameboard to trigger 15 Free Games. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Highest win only paid per combination on the game board. Bomb and Rocket symbols explode once no more winning combinations are possible on the game board. They explode and destroy symbols in a pattern. Symbols pay at any position on the game board according to the information in the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. 4 Bonus symbols trigger the Free Games. No more than 4 Bonus symbols can appear on the board. Free Games can be re-triggered by 3 or 4 Bonus symbols in the Free Games. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. The Multiplier symbol can randomly fall into the game board. Multiplier appears with a random value from x2 to x100 during base game and from x2 to x85 during the Free Games. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 2/25/2025