Piggy Prizes: Wand of Riches 2 Game Theme and Graphics Ready to be amazed? Come and see what magic can do in Piggy Prizes™ Wand of Riches 2™. Watch on as the Magician helps you win prizes in an ultimate entertainment spectacular. Main Game The base game consists of 15 individual reels spinning independently that are laid out in a traditional 5 wide, 3 high layout with 40 fixed win lines. Coin symbols and fixed pot symbols are locked in the game, visually shown by a chain and padlock over the symbol. They can be won if landed on the reel set in conjunction with the Magician symbol on the centre reel position. The centre reel position has no premium symbols and contains only royals and the Magician symbol. The Magician symbol also acts as a Wild symbol. Magic Spin At the start of a spin, a Magic Spin may randomly be triggered which stops the centre reel first with the Magician symbol in view. Magic Rewind In the base game, the centre reel may rewind a random number of positions to land on the Magician symbol. In both the base game and Free Games, with a Magician symbol on the centre reel, one or more non- winning symbols may rewind a random number of positions to land on a locked jackpot symbol. Free Games Free Games are triggered when one of the two piggy filler pots reaches it's maximum size and visually explodes on the screen. The size of the pots is increased by the Magician symbol landing in the center reel position and then throwing a coin up to the one or both of the pots, this may or may not increase the size of the pig. Each pig when popped awards 6 Free Games. During Free Games the Magician symbol becomes sticky and does not move from the center reel position and can still increase the size of the pots for a Free Games re- trigger. All coins and fixed pots values that land on the reels are awarded along with all reel wins. Rules This game has 15 reels and 40 win lines. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Line wins are added. Only the highest win per line is paid. The Magician symbol is Wild and unlocks coins and jackpots on the reels. The Magician is present on the centre reel only and replaces all symbols except locked coins and locked jackpots. Locked coin and locked jackpot symbols appear on all reels except the centre reel. In order to win one or more coin and/or jackpot prizes, the Magician symbol must be visible on the centre reel in the same game. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. When the Magician symbol lands he may add a coin to one or both pigs. Pigs can grow in size and randomly pop. Popping a pig awards 6 Free Games. Both pigs can pop at the same time awarding 12 Free Games. Pigs can be popped during Free Games to award additional Free Games. Each time a pig triggers Free Games it is reset to it's smallest size. The Magician symbol remains on the centre reel throughout Free Games, and any locked coin and locked jackpot symbols that land are instantly unlocked and awarded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 3/25/2025