Clash of Legends Battle Lines Main Game Any winning combinations are awarded. Winning symbols on reel 1 and 7 then explode and new symbols drop into view. This can continue until no wins are in view. Winning symbols on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 do not explode. Battle Lines When two legend symbols line up horizontally on the tumble reels, Battle Lines™ is triggered. Each symbol battles for supremacy. At the end, the winning prize is awarded, and the two Legend symbols on the tumble reels explode. This process can then repeat. Wins from Battle Lines™ are separate from regular line wins. Multiple battles can be triggered in one game. Free Spins x3 Bonus scatter symbols triggers 8 Free Spins. x4 Bonus scatter symbols triggers 12 Free Spins. x5 of more Bonus scatter symbols triggers 16 Free Spins. During Free Spins, any Battle Lines™ wins are multiplied by the Battle Wins Multiplier. The multiplier starts at one. Each battle increases the Battle Wins Multiplier by one once all visible battles are completed. Each battle also increases the Free Spins Remaining counter by one. Ante Bet Pressing the Bonus Chance button gives the player 3 bet options. The game behaves different depending on the bet option selected. Off- Plays the standard game with no additional cost. Double Bonus Chance- 25% stake increase and naturally doubles the chance of triggering the Free Games Bonus. Triple Bonus Chance- 50% stake increase and naturally triples the chance of triggering the Free Games Bonus. The paytable is not affected during the bet enhancements and pays the same as a game with the Bonus Chance off Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. Once activated the reels will spin guaranteeing a minimum of 3 Bonus scatter symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins. The Buy Bonus is played at x80 Total Bet. Rules Scatter wins and line wins are added. All prizes are for combinations left to right and right to left, except Scatters. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter symbols in view trigger Free Spins. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/16/2023