Mustang Dreaming Buy Bonus Free Games Feature During the Free Games before the reels spin there is a chance that each Mustang is replaced by a White Mustang. After the reels stop but before the payout of the wins, if a Mustang touches a White Mustang by either a side or a corner all Mustangs on the screen change to White Mustangs. After all possible White Mustangs have appeared, any picture symbols touching a White Mustang either by a side or a corner change to a Mustang. Any Wild symbols appearing will replicate at least once. After all possible symbol changes have occurred all wins are paid once only. White Mustang substitutes for Mustang. An original 3 of a kind Mustang (x2) becomes a 5 of a kind Mustang (x48). Buy Bonus Feature For markets that allow Buy Bonus a button is placed on the top right hand corner as shown on the screen. If the player has sufficient credit the Buy Bonus round may be activated at a cost of 40x total bet. If selected the player will be awarded a spin with 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols on the reels, triggering 8, 15 or 25 Free Games respectively. The game rules for playing the Buy Bonus Free Games are exactly the same as playing the non Buy Bonus Free Games which can be won from the base game. Main Game For each bought game there is a random chance from one to all picture symbols changing to the top symbol Mustang . For each bought game there is a chance that any Wild appearing on reels 2, 3 or 4 may be duplicated to award an additional 1, 2 or 3 more Wilds on that same reel. After a random Eagle to Mustang change a 4 of a kind Eagle win original spin is now upgraded to a 5 of a kind top Symbol Mustang win (x8) Rules All wins begin on the leftmost reeland pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters which pay in any position. Mustang and White Mustang pay mixed during the Free Games. 3 or more scatters in the base game starts the Free Games. More Free Games can be won during the Free Games Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 8/6/2024