Spirits of the Valkyrie The Valkyrie can deliver powerful wins. Look out for reel modifiers that can happen randomly during any game. Keep an eye on the Win Stack Bonus because every win awarded will be added to the stack. Upon triggering it, you will be rewarded the whole stack. The Free Spins Bonus has added win possibilities because wins pay from left to right or right to left. Main Game Spirits Of The Valkyrie™ has a 5x3 reel window with 20 win lines. There are 4 modifiers that can randomly trigger during the base game. Look out for bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. Once in view, you’ll be awarded one of the following: Win Stack Bonus Free Spins Bonus Free Spins and Win Stack Bonus Colossal Magic During the reel spin, the Valkyrie may add a colossal symbol to the reels. It can cover any three consecutive reels. Blade of Fury During the reel spin, the Valkyrie may add one or more wilds to the reels. Ice Blade Following a spin, the Valkyrie may slide one or more symbols from reel 5 across all the other reels. Any wins are paid. Shockwave Slash The Valkyrie may add symbols that match an existing win to upgrade it. Each upgraded combination is paid as a new win. Win Stack Bonus When any win is paid, the value is also added to the Win Stack. When it is full, the oldest value drops off as the newest value is added. When the Win Stack bonus is awarded, the total value of the previous ten wins is paid as a bonus. When the Win Stack is awarded, this win is not added to the Win Stack. If you leave the game and return later, the values remain. When you first play the game, the Win Stack is empty. Free Spins Bonus 10 free spins are awarded. During free spins, win lines pay right to left, as well as left to right. Additional stacked symbols are added to the reels during free spins. At the end of the bonus, the total won from free spins is added to the Win Stack. Rules In standard play, symbols pay from left to right and must be consecutive. In Free Spins, symbols pay from left to right and right to left, and must be consecutive. All wins pay only on lines in play. Scatter symbols may only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Scatter symbols in any position trigger the bonuses. Multiple bonuses can be won in one game. Highest win only paid per selected line. Highest prize only per pay direction. 5 of a kind prizes paid only once. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free Spins cannot be won again during the bonus. Free Spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. Bet/prize minimums and maximums are detailed in the in-game help information. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.