Power Prizes Royal Crane Game Theme and Graphics Enter the wonderful Asian scene and try to collect as many Coin symbols as you can. With a little luck the Grand Jackpot can be yours! Main Game Power Prizes™ - Royal Crane™ is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows in height, with 243 ways always in play. Winning combinations run from the left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, except Scatter symbols. Free Spins 3 or more scattered Lotus symbols trigger the Free Spins. 8, 16, or 24 Free Spins are initially awarded, depending on the number of Lotus symbols that triggered the Feature. Do you enter the Free Spins? Now your chance for wins is bigger, because all royal symbols (A, K, Q, J, T) are removed! Feature Hit Rate: Approx. 120-130 games. Power Prizes™ Feature Do you want to win one of the great Jackpots? If so you have to collect 6 or more Coin symbols in the main game. If you manage to collect them, you will enter the Power Prizes™ F eature. The number of bonus spins in the Power Prizes™ Feature is dependent on the number of triggering Coins. The Feature will lock down all your collected Coin symbols and will check for any new Coin symbols appearing during the Feature. No remaining spins and not all positions are filled? There is still a chance that 1-3 extra spins may be awarded. Extra spins are only awarded once per Power Prizes™ Feature. Have you received a Coin symbol containing a Jackpot title? Congratulations! This Jackpot is yours! If you are the ONE and the coins fill up the screen, all your wins are doubled except the Grand Jackpot! Power Prizes™ Feature ends when either no spins remain or all positions have been filled with Coin symbols. Feature Hit Rate: Approx. 110-130 games. Red Envelope Feature Red Envelope scattered on reel 3 triggers the Feature. In the Feature the Red Envelope adds 1 to 4 Coin symbols to existing symbol positions on the reels. Coin symbols will replace the initial symbols that resided at the selected position. The Red Envelope will also change to a Coin symbol. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All pays are for wins of left to right except scatters, which pay any. All combinations start at the leftmost reel. All combinations are on adjacent reels. Highest win only paid per combination on screen. Free Spins are played with trigger bet. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Lotus symbol represents a scatter. 3 or more scatters trigger Free Spins. 6 or more Coins on any positions trigger the Power Prizes™ Feature, which may result in winning all of the Jackpots. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator Last modification date: 7/27/2022