Wings of Fortune Game Theme and Graphics Discover the hidden treasures in Wings of Fortune™ - a game loaded with golden riches. Watch for the Red Phoenix Wild Medal on reel 3 and the Blue Phoenix Wild Medals on reels 2 and 4, each time either of them appear, coins will flip to the top of the reels and build a stack of coins. Get the right spin and the towering stack of golden coins will rain down and grant you the Jackpot Feature. Main Game The Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols to complete win lines, however, they will not substitute for each other. The Blue Phoenix Wild Medals appear only on reels 2 and 4, and the Red Phoenix Wild Medals appear only on Reel 3. The Red Phoenix Wild Medals on reel 3 will even double winnings when appearing in a substituting win. Bonus symbols in any reel position (left to right on adjacent reels) trigger the free games feature. There are no win lines in this game. That means: All winning combinations with at least 3 identical symbols landing from left to right generate winnings, provided they start on reel 1. Free Games Feature During the 10 free game rounds the symbols Ace, King, Queen, Jack, 10 and 9 are removed from the reels, which increases your winning chances. Further free games can be won during the free games. Feature trigger : 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols, left to right on adjacent reels. Feature hit rate: 110-140 games. 4 Level Jackpot Feature The Red and Blue Wild symbols might randomly trigger the Jackpot Feature. 12 Medallions appear on screen which you can uncover by clicking on them. If you come upon 3 matching Phoenix symbols on the screen, you hit the respective jackpot and return to the main game. Win either a Grand Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot or Mini Jackpot. The Grand Jackpot and Major Jackpot are progressive, and increase as the game is played until they are won. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right. Highest win only paid per combination on screen. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Free Games can be won again during the Free Games. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/27/2022