Haul of Hades Rules Land a winning combination on one or more lines to trigger the ‘Lock & Spin’ Feature. The symbols of the winning combination will be fixed in their positions and the remaining symbols will be spun again. If symbols land, which complement the current winning pattern, they will also be fixed and the remaining positions will be spun again. This will be repeated until no more symbols land that complement the win lines. Then the total win will be awarded, the feature ends and the regular game will be started again. You can call up the Paytable during the game by clicking on the ‘Paytable’ button in the bottom left corner of the playing field. Bonus Symbol The ‘Haul of Hades’ logo is the wild symbol, which substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus symbol (Free Spins). Free Spins will be triggered if the Bonus symbol appears as a huge stacked symbol on the second, third and fourth reels. Huge Stacked Symbols Before each spin a symbol will be chosen at random. This will then appear as a huge stacked symbol that will transform the entire reel into the very same symbol. If the same stacked symbol appears on multiple reels simultaneously, you’ll receive winnings worthy of any resident of Mount Olympus Free Games Three Free Spins stacked symbols on the second, third and fourth reels will trigger seven Free Games! The Free Games are played with the same stake and number of lines as your last regular game. One of the four god symbols (Hades, Zeus, Athena or Aphrodite) will then be chosen at random and appear as a huge stacked symbol in all of the Free Games. Instructions Once you have launched Haul of Hades™ , you must choose how much you wish to play with in the game. Then select the bet by using the ‘+/–’ symbols. You can spin the reels once by clicking on the ‘Start’ button. Click the ‘Autostart’ button to trigger automatic spins and click the ‘Stop’ button to deactivate them. Click on the ‘Paytable’ button to see an overview of what you could win. The potential winnings based on the size of your current bet are displayed here Gamble It’s double or nothing: The ‘Gamble’ button will appear as soon as you have a winning combination (see ‘Paytable’). You have the chance to double your winnings in the Gamble Game. Your winning odds are 50:50. If you would like to gamble, simply click on the ‘Gamble’ button and start the Gamble game. If you don't want to gamble click on the 'Collect' button. RTP The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.01% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/18/2020