Riches of Babylon Main Game Riches of Babylon is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows high, with 25 fixed winlines. All winning combinations run from left to right, except Scatter symbols. The Wild symbol (Semiramis) substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter (Babylon Bonus). The Scatter symbol triggers the Babylon Bonus if three of them land anywhere on the reels. The Ruby Sphere symbol awards a cash prize or increases the Babylon Bonus. Tower Feature 3 or more Tower symbols scattered on the reels trigger the Tower Feature. The number of Free Spins and win multiplier are selected by spinning the corresponding wheels on the Tower of Babylon. Free Spins can be won in a range of 8-25. If the wheel stops on a Babylon Bonus symbol, the corresponding number of Free Spins (up to 99) is won. Win multipliers can be won in a range of x2-x5. Free Spins The number of Free Spins and the win multiplier are determined in the Tower Feature. During the Free Spins additional two-of-a-kind prizes are awarded. The Wild Symbol (Semiramis) is a stack of three symbols. If a part of the Lady symbol stack is visible on some of the reels, the stack slides up or down to fill this reel. Free Spins are played at current bet and cannot be retriggered. Ruby Sphere Feature If a Ruby Sphere symbol appears, it can either increase the Babylon Bonus counter by 1, increase the Babylon Bonus Counter by 1 and trigger the Tower Bonus, or award a Mystery cash prize (1x-35x bet). When the Babylon Bonus counter reaches 99, Free Spins are automatically triggered. If the Tower Bonus is triggered by a Ruby Sphere, only a multiplier is selected byspinning the corresponding wheel on the Tower of Babylon. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prices are for combinations left to right except Scatters. All line wins start on the leftmost reel. All wins are for combinations on adjacent reels except Scatters. All wins on selected lines except Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line prizes are multiplied by bet per line. Scatters pay on any position. Scatter wins are added to line wins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.03% The maximum win for a single game is £ 218,940. Gamble Feature Maximum gamble amount is 500x the total bet. For higher wins or during autoplay, gambling is not possible. Last modification date: 6/17/2020