Rising Tiger Sheng Qi De Laohu Game Theme and Graphics It’s time to travel to the mystic East in our latest Asian-themed release Rising Tiger - Shng q de Loh™ Set in stunning royal chambers lined with gold, Rising Tiger - Shng q de Loh™is so much more than your standard slot game. This game is packed with and option of two Features and a Progressive Jackpot. Watch the golden treasure grow higher as you spin. When the treasure drops, the Jackpot Feature is triggered and untold riches await. This colourful and exciting 5x3 Allpays game boasts high volatility and thrilling game mechanics, all set to the tunes of beautiful Asian themed music. Main Game Your aim in Rising Tiger™ is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Wild 'Yin-Yang' symbols substitute for all symbols, except gold 'Ingots', and help to complete winning combinations. Rising Tiger™ Jackpot Feature One or more Wild appearing on screen during a paid game may randomly trigger the Rising Tiger Jackpot Feature. A Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Jackpot will be won during the Rising Tiger Jackpot Feature. Feature Choice 5 or more gold 'Ingots' appearing in any bought game allows the player to choose to play either the Bonus Spins Feature or the Free Games Feature. Each gold 'Ingot' pays a prize of up to 2x bet. Bonus Spins Feature 6 Bonus Spins are initially awarded. A red 'Ingot' appearing during a bonus spin awards a prize equal to the total value of all triggering gold 'Ingots'. At the end of Bonus Spins, each green 'Ingot' on screen will multiply the current Bonus Win x2. A '+1' symbol appearing on screen will award one additional Bonus Spin. A full screen combination of either gold 'Ingots', red 'Ingots' and green 'Ingots' awards the Grand Jackpot. Free Games Feature 10 Free Games are initally awarded. During Free Games, each red 'Ingot' symbol appearing awards a prize equal to the total value of all gold 'Ingots' from the triggering combination. A Wild symbol appearing during Free Games may randomly award a Grand Jackpot. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Symbols pay from left to right and must be consecutive. Highest win only paid per combination on screen. Wild symbols may only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Free Games are played at trigger bet and lines. Free Games can be won again during the Free Games. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/18/2024