Buffalo Magic Rules Wild substitutes for all symbols, except scattered ''Teepee'. All pays are for combinations left to right, except Scatters which pay any. All prizes are on selected lines only, excluding Scatters. Scatter prizes are added to line wins. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per Scatter combination. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Main Game All pays are for combinations left to right, except Scatter. 3x scattered 'Teepee' symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 award the Free Games Feature. When a Wild 'Buffalo' appears on reels 2 or 4, the 'Buffalo' symbol will expand to cover all positions on the reel and substitutes for all symbols, except Scatter. Whenever a 'Buffalo' symbol expands, the Respin Feature is triggered. Game Theme and Graphics The magic of the spirits are alive in this 10-line, 5-reel video slot, Buffalo Magic. The Wild 'Buffalo' symbols will expand and hold on screen while all other reels will be awarded a respin, giving you even more wins! Enter the Free Games with 3x 'Teepee' symbols and see the Buffalo's powers evolve. Once the Wild 'Buffalo' appears during Free Games, he will hold as an expanded Wild for the remaining Free Games. Expanding Wild with Respin Feature When a Wild 'Buffalo' symbol appears on reels 2 or 4 and expands, during any paid game, wins are paid and any expanded 'Buffalo' on screen are held while all other reels are respun. Any further winning combinations are then paid. Another respin will be awarded when an additional Wild 'Buffalo' appears during a respin. Bonus respins are not awarded during Free Games Free Games with Held Expanded Wilds Trigger: 3 scattered 'Teepee' on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger 10 Free Games. During the Free Games, when a Wild 'Buffalo' symbol appears on reels 2 or 4 and expands, it remains expanded for the remaining Free Games. Free Games can be retriggered once only, and award a further 5 Free Games. These additional Free Games are played with the Wild 'Buffalo' symbol expanded on both reels 2 and 4. Free Games are played at trigger bet and lines. Feature hit rate: 120-160 games. Feature top prize: 2000 times bet per line. RTP The Return to Player for this game is 95.19%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/18/2020