High Seas Jackpots Game Theme and Graphics Set sail for adventure and boundless riches in High Seas Jackpot™; a new 5 reel, 20- line slot game with 2 different features. Hunt for golden doubloons to play the High Seas Jackpots feature, and uncover treasure chests to play 5 lucrative Free Games featuring giant symbols. Or, if luck is on your side, you may get a doubloon in the free games and become the richest pirate captain of them all. Main Game Your goal is to land 5 matching symbols along a win line. Winning combinations run from left to right across active win lines, except Scatter combinations. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other on an active win line without any other symbols in between them. The 'Lady' symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols, except 'Chest' and 'Coin' symbols, and can therefore complete a winning combination. 3 or more 'Chest' symbols will award the Free Games Feature with Giant Symbols. 5 or more 'Coin' symbols will award the High Seas Jackpots feature. Expanding Wilds During the base game, 'Lady' symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 and expand to cover all positions on the reel. 'Lady' substitutes for all symbols except 'Chest' and 'Coin' scatter symbols. The 'Lady' symbol can also appear as the giant symbol during the Free Free Games Feature 3 or more 'Chest' symbols award 5 Free Games with a Giant Symbol. The Giant Symbol is 3x3 symbols large and lands across reels 2, 3 and 4. The leftmost and rightmost Free Game reels do not contain 'Lady', 'Coin', or 'Chest' symbols. The Giant Symbol can be any symbol, including the 'Lady', 'Coin' or 'Chest' symbol. The 'Lady' symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols, except 'Chest' and 'Coin' symbols. The 'Chest' symbol awards 3 additional Free Games. The 'Coin' symbol awards the High Seas Jackpots Feature within the Free Games. The 'Coin' Giant Symbol awards a win equal to the value of 9 random 'Coin' symbols. Feature trigger: 3x, 4x or 5x 'Chest' symbols. Feature hit rate: 200-250 games. High Seas Jackpots Feature 5 or more 'Coin' symbols appearing anywhere on screen triggers the High Seas Jackpots Feature. 3 respins are awarded, and any 'Coin' symbols are held. Whenever a new 'Coin' symbol appears, the remaining respins are reset to 3. All prizes on 'Coin' symbols are paid at the conclusion of the respins, or if the screen is filled with 'Coin' symbols. Coin prizes can award Major, Minor or Mini Jackpots, or up to 15 x total bet during paid games. Coin prizes can award up to 15 x total bet during respin games. If the screen is filled with 'Coin' symbols, the Grand Jackpot is awarded at the conclusion of the respins. Feature trigger: 5 or more 'Coin' symbols or a Giant 'Coin' symbol during Free Games. Feature hit rate: 130-170 games. Feature top prize: Grand Jackpot Rules All pays are for wins of left to right on selected lines, except Scatters. All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Highest win only paid per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/23/2022