Diamond Cash Mighty Elephant Main Game Diamond Cash™: Mighty Elephant is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows in height, with 25 lines always in play. If you can find 6 or more diamonds in one spin, you will be granted a trip to the stars with 3 free spins to find the next diamond. Each time you manage to find a new one, your free spins will be reset back to 3 and you will be one diamond richer. Diamonds are not the only thing that can bring you happiness in this game. There are Solar Trees, which grant you access to unique Win Spins mechanics, where you cannot loose. 7 winning spins are granted with free re-spins of ALL non-winning ones. Saddle up your favourite elephant and check out the nearby jungle where win spins await you. If there are no diamonds or solar trees around, there are always Mighty Elephants nearby, which if you are lucky, will cover up the whole screen and grant you an immediate win of 750 times your stake! This can happen on each spin. Win Spins Feature If you are brave enough and have found Solar Tree scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4, then you are granted a trip to the Jungle. There you will get 7 spins with free re-spins in case there are no wins. Through your progression into the deepest parts of the Jungle, you might find special diamonds, which stay locked on the diamonds meter and grant you faster access to the stars - Diamond Cash™ Feature which is full of riches. Special diamonds collected in Win spins will stay until all spins are completed and you are returned back to the beautiful savannah sun of the base game. Trigger: 3 Sunrise Tree scatter symbols Diamond. Diamond Cash™ Feature To travel to the stars, 6 diamonds have to be collected for the diamonds progress meter. We all know that you are the bravest explorer out there and that you are able to do that. Imagine how beautiful it must be between the stars. Once there, you will get 3 spins to collect a new diamond. If you can find one, the stars will reset your available spins back to 3 and you will be able to search for more. If you are the ONE, then you will find all 15 diamonds and the stars will grant you access to the biggest win in this game: the GRAND JACKPOT. But fear not, there are other jackpots to be won on each trip to fill your pockets. For the stars it doesn't matter if you came from the savannah or from the deepest jungle, as long as you have managed to find 6 or more diamonds, the trip is yours. Trigger: 6 or more diamond symbols Top Prize: Grand Jackpot Rules Base Game The ‘Mask’ symbol substitutes all other symbols except scatters and diamond symbols. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Win Spins Win Spins are played at trigger bet and lines. A Royal Diamond stays locked on the "Diamond progress meter" until the end of the free spins or until the Diamond Feature is won. Diamond Cash™ During the game diamonds are collected and if 6 or more of them land on the progress meter, the Diamond Cash™ feature will be awarded.' Diamond Cash™ is played at trigger bet and lines. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the feature. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Last modification date: 10/31/2023