Thunder Cash- Solid Sevens GAME RULES This page contains information on how to play this game. Please scroll down to read through all topics. Getting started This game is a game for one player the gameplay of other players does not affect yours. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the application. Playing You choose the total bet per round via the "Total Bet" button. The minimum bet per round is $0.20. The maximum bet per round is $ 50.00. The "Start" button begins a round of play. Each round is independent of previous rounds. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. When you start a round, the bet is deducted from the balance you've paid in. At the end of a round, the console displays your win, if any. Win Lines This game has 5 reels and 5 win lines. You can find an overview of the win line pattern via "Paytable & Info". Autoplay Clicking on "Auto" will bring up the Autoplaydialogue where you can configure the following options before starting the automatic spins: The number of rounds you want Autoplay to be active. The loss limit at which Autoplay should stop. The win limit at which Autoplay should stop after meeting or exceeding it. By clicking "OK", you start the automatic spins with the chosen configuration. If "Autoplay" is activated the button label becomes green. Clicking it again stops the automatic spins. Autoplay stops automatically when the total bet is higher than your current funds. Autoplay stops automatically when a feature is awarded. Winnings Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Scatter symbols pay regardless of their position. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter wins and line wins are added. The coin shower and pile of coins are purely visual and do not increase the chance of triggering the Lock & Spin Feature. Bonus Symbols A combination of 6 or more Disc symbols with prizes or multipliers triggers the Lock & Spin Feature. The possible prize values that can be displayed on the Disc symbols with a prize are Major, Minor, Mini or 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 12, 15 multiplied by the total bet. The possible multiplier values that can be displayed on the Disc symbols with a multiplier are x2, x3, x5 or x10. RTP Range The theoretical RTP (return to player) value for this game is 95.00%. The theoretical RTP is calculated as total win/total bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The actual RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Connection Loss In case you lose your network connection, the game will proceed to complete the current round of play automatically after a delay of 24 hours absence from the game. If you reconnect into the game earlier, you are able to continue playing the current round. This includes all settings such as number of lines and bet. If this round contains multiple spins (e.g. free games feature), the game will determine your winnings based on the game's expected win values. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In case this game is withdrawn from our offer, your jackpot contribution will be transferred to other certified games with similar jackpots. Gamble With current bet it is possible to gamble any win up to 5 times with a maximum stake of $ 500.00. For higher wins or during autoplay, the gamble feature is not available. Any base game wins that coincide with a Lock & Spin Feature trigger are part of the feature game win and cannot be gambled. The feature game win of a Lock & Spin Feature is awarded directly and cannot be gambled. GAME FEATURES Lock & Spin Feature A combination of 6 or more Disc symbols with prizes or multipliers triggers the Lock & Spin Feature. The Lock & Spin Feature starts with 3 Free Spins. Free Spins are played using the same bet as the spin that triggered them. The Free Spins counter is reset back to 3 with each new prize or multiplier Disc symbol appearing anywhere on the reels. All Disc symbols with prizes are locked in place until the end of the feature. The Disc symbols with a multiplier will turn into multiplier fields. Multiplier fields represent individual spinning reels with a multiplier value on them. If a Disc symbol with a prize lands on a multiplier field, the respective prize will be multiplied by the multiplier field's value, and the Disc turns into the colour of the multiplier field accordingly. Any Disc symbol with multiplier that lands on a multiplier field will have its respective multiplier value multiplied. No multiplier field can be multiplied more than once. The maximum limit of a multiplier field is x30. Any numeric value on a Disc symbol with a prize will be paid out at the end of the Lock & Spin Feature. Major Jackpot/Minor Jackpot/Mini Jackpot Disc symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Lock & Spin Feature triggers the corresponding jackpot. 15 Disc symbols with prizes appearing on the reels during the Lock & Spin Feature triggers the Grand Jackpot and ends the feature immediately. During the Lock & Spin Feature, it is possible to win either the Grand or Major Jackpot only once. It is not possible to win both (Grand and Major) jackpots during the same Feature. Jackpots 0.95% of every stake goes directly into the jackpots. Each progressive jackpot is a prize pool exclusively containing the accumulation of all respective player contributions. For each prize combination (progressive and base win prize), the game displays the potential win value equal to the sum of the available progressive jackpot on the current stake plus the base win prize. When a progressive jackpot is won, the respective winnings are taken from the progressive jackpot prize pool and awarded to the winning player. Any remaining winnings are available for subsequent progressive wins, plus any new contributions. The amount you are eligible to win will be shown in the jackpot banks. It is not possible for two players to win a jackpot simultaneously. In instances of apparent simultaneous wins, the games are timestamped and the first player to trigger the win is awarded the jackpot. The Jackpots are initially set at the base values of $2500.00 / $15000.00 (or the equivalent in your account currency if different). When a jackpot is won, it is reset to its base value. In case this game is withdrawn from our offer, your jackpot contribution will be transferred to other certified games with similar jackpots. Gamble With current bet it is possible to gamble any win up to 5 times with a maximum stake of $ 500.00. For higher wins or during autoplay, the gamble feature is not available. Any base game wins that coincide with a Lock & Spin Feature trigger are part of the feature game win and cannot be gambled. The feature game win of a Lock & Spin Feature is awarded directly and cannot be gambled.