Book of Ra 10 deluxe Game Theme and Graphics Play for huge multiple wins. Wins can potentially contain up to 100 wins in a single game. All Stacked Wilds on reel set 1 transfer to reel set 2 increasing chances of multiple wins. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and get awarded a special expanding symbol. Special expanding symbols expand on reel set 1 and transfer across to corresponding reel set 2. Main Game Book of Ra™ Deluxe 10 is played on 2 reel sets: Reel set 1, 4 x 5 reels, 25 win lines Reel set 2, 12 x 5 reels 75 win lines Your aim is to land 5 identical symbols along a win line. Winning combinations work the same on both reel sets and start on the first reel on the left, and run along an active win line to the last reel on the right in the regular game. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other without any other symbols between them. Wilds Get four consecutive vertical wild symbols on reel set 1 (left) to convert the entire corresponding reel on reel set 2 (right) to a stacked wild. Free Spins Three or more scatter bonus symbols in view across both reel sets awards free spins. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets of reels. x3 awards 8 free spins and x2 total bet bonus. x4 awards 12 free spins and x5 total bet bonus. x5 or more awards 20 free spins and x20 total bet bonus. Free Spins with special expanding symbol One special expanding symbol is randomly selected at the start of the Free Spins. During Free Spins and after the payout of regular symbols, the special symbols may expand to cover all positions on reel set 1 (left). Special symbols will also transfer to the corresponding reel on reel set 2 (right) as a stacked special symbol and then pay like the regular symbols but even on nonadjacent positions and on all lines played (expanding is only triggered if enough symbols for a win are present). Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except scatters. All prizes are on selected lines, except scatters. Scatter symbols in view trigger free spins. Scatter symbol may only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels Rtp:95.02% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/18/2020