Crazy Birds Main Game Play on 5 reels with 40 fixed win lines. The wins pay left to right. Look forward to exciting modifiers and attractive bonuses! Modifiers : Potty adds Wilds to the reels mid spin Rocky activates the falling symbol bonus Loopy activates a wheel Bonuses : Pool Party Bonus Free Spins Bonus Rocky Modifier Rocky may punch the reels, destroying the losing combination in view. A new winning combination will fall into place. After prizes are awarded, winning symbols explode and are replaced again. The process continues until no wins are in view. Loopy Modifier Following a losing spin, Loopy may spin his prize wheel and award a guaranteed win spin, a cash prize, Free Spins or the Pool Party bonus. Potty Modifier During a spin, Potty may add extra Wild symbols to the reels. Pool Party Bonus When the 'Pool Party' symbols form a 2x2 square on reels 1 and 2, the Pool Party bonus is triggered. Choose a bird to fall from pool to pool, collecting prizes. If you’re lucky another bird may fall and collect extra for you Free Spins Bonus When the 'Free Spins' symbols form a 2x2 square on reels 4 and 5, the Free Spins bonus is triggered. Start with 5 Free Spins, with a chance of re-triggering on any game. During Free Spins, if Candy sees Wild symbols, she will add more to the reels. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right. Pool Party symbols only appear on reels 1 and 2. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 4 and 5. Multiple bonuses can be won in one game. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol appear on all reels. Bet/prize minimums and maximums are detailed in the in-game help information. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. The actual RTP is calculated as Total Win / Total Bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The expected RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.03%. Last modification date: 3/28/2018