Thunder Cash - Juicy Juicy Game Theme and Graphics Get the Juicy Juicy Slot going and hit the Linked Progressive Jackpot! Stacked Wilds, Free Games and the Coin Respin Feature will make your day! Main Game Stacked WILD substitutes for all symbols except COINs and BONUS (Scatter). 3 BONUS symbols across reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger 10 free games. MAJOR and GRAND JACKPOTS can be won any time – all other COIN values are only awarded in the COIN RESPIN FEATURE which is triggered by 6 or more scattered COIN symbols: COINs are labelled with prizes that are evaluated at the end of the feature. All COINs are held in position for 3 initial respins. Respins are reset to 3 as long as additional COINs appear. The feature ends when either no respins remain or all positions are full. A full screen awards a x2 multiplier for all COIN values except the Major and Grand Jackpot. Prizes: Grand (Linked Progressive) Jackpot, Major (Progressive) Jackpot, Minor Award and Mini Award. Free Games Trigger 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols trigger 10 Free Games. Description During Free Games, different reel strips are used - f.e.: Bonus symbols are rem oved so the Free Games cannot be retriggered. Free Games hit rate -110 – 120 Coin Respin Feature Trigger Any 6 or more scattered Coin symbols trigger the Coin Respin Feature. Description On entering the Coin Respin Feature, all received Coin symbols are locked in position. All non-locked symbols spin individually. The player is initially awarded 3 respins. After every respin, all newly received Coin symbols are locked in position. Ever y time new Coin symbols land and lock in, the amount of respins is reset to 3. On reels 1, 3 and 5, coins labelled GRAND may appear. If there are 3 coins with a GRAND symbol after the feature, The GRAND Jackpot is paid out. If there are 1 or 2 coins with a GRAND symbol, substitute prizes are awarded for these coins. The Coin Respin Feature ends when the player has no remaining respins or Coin symbols are locked in every position. In the latter case all prizes except MAJOR and GRAND are paid out twice. Feature hit rate : 90-110 Rules Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Coin. The Bonus symbol appears on Reel 2, 3, 4 only 3 Bonus symbols trigger 10 Free games. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Free Games cannot be won again during the Free Games. All prizes are on selected lines excluding Bonus and Coin prizes. 6 or more Coins trigger the Coin Respin Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 3/6/2025