A Fistful of Wilds GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type Cascading wins with trail awards. Theme Western, Cowboy. GAME FEATURES Wild Shot Wild Whip Wild Dreams Wild Dynamite Free Spins PAYOUT Default maximum Win x1551.8 Hit Frequency (%) 14.39% Jackpot Not suitable Variations Variations (%) 90% 92% 94% 95% Return (%) 90.17% 92.22% 94.19% 95.20% GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Enter the wild west and come play A Fistful of Wilds ™ . Watch as the trail length and award changes each game. Main Game When a new game starts the 'Wanted' poster will show the new trail award. This will be awarded if the player completes the trail. Trail and Wins Each winning drop lights a trail position. A drop with no wins clears the trail. If all the positions are lit, the current 'Wanted' poster will be awarded. When a new game starts it's possible for the trail length to change. The minimum trail positions are two, and the maximum trail positions are five. Any winning combinations are awarded, winning symbols explode and new symbols drop into view. The continues until no wins are in view. The trail is not present during modifiers. Wild Shot A number of Wilds are added to the reels. Once the Wilds have finished being added any wins are paid. The bonus can repeat. Wild Whip A number of Wilds are added to the reels whilst they are spinning. Once complete, the reels stop and any wins are paid. The bonus can repeat. Wild Dreams The Cowboy 'dreams' of a symbol. Any symbols matching the Cowboy's symbol are replaced by Wilds, any wins are paid. The bonus can repeat. Wild Dynamite The Cowboy throws a Dynamite Wild that explodes into a Colossal Wild, any wins paid. The bonus can repeat. Free Spins Free Spins are triggered by filling in the trail whilst on the Free Spins 'Wanted' poster. When a new Free Spins starts, it's possible that the trail can be reduced further by the Cowboy shooting one or more positions. Stacked symbols are available during Free Spins. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right and right to left. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. Awards are multiplied by stake. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at trigger bet. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/8/2023