Calacas Cash Main Game The base game consists of 6 reels which are all 5 high. The paying mechanic is pay anywhere and the total number of the same symbol on the screen at the end of a spin determines the value of the win. At least 8 regular symbols of any kind are required for a win. Scatters pay if at least 4 are in view. Winning combinations are paid and all winning symbols disappear. New symbols then tumble in from above to replace the empty positions. Scatter wins do not get destroyed and scatter wins are paid when no more winning combinations have occurred. Tumbling will continue until no more winning combinations are available. There's no limit to the number of possible tumbles. Coin Collectors At the start of any one game round there is a chance that each reel can be seeded with a collector position. This round will then guarantee to land at least one cash stack on the reel set. If a coin stack lands within the collector position, coin stack cash values will tumble into the collector position awarding the player the relevant value until no more cash values are in view. Coin stack symbols have a range of values from x0.25 to x1.5 of your current bet. High value coins have a range of values from x5 to x100 of your current bet. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. Once activated the reels will spin guaranteeing a minimum of 4 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Games. The Buy Bonus is played as 50x base game Total Bet. The paytable is not affected and pays the same as a game where the Buy Bonus has not been activated. Free Games 10 Free Games are awarded if 4 or more scatter symbols land anywhere in the window. Whenever 4 or more scatter symbols land during a Free Games round 5 additional Free Games are awarded. During Free Games any collector symbols that are seeded remain locked throughout Free Games. Coin stacks in Free Games will also include a multiplier symbol that if collected will increment the coin multiplier by 1. The current coin multiplier value is applied to coin stack total win when no more coins can be collected. At the start of a Free Games bonus the coin multiplier will always start at x1. Rules Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Scatter wins and regular wins are added. Symbols pay regardless of their position. The win box displays all winning combinations from the last round played and will clear at the start of a new round. Scatter symbols inany position trigger the feature game. All prizes are for in combinations of a kind. Landing 4 or more Bonus scatter symbols awards 10 Free Games. Landing 4 or more Bonus scatter symbols during Free Games awards an additional 5 Free Games. Free Games are played at the base game Total Bet. During Free Games a Multiplier Skull may land on the reels and, if collected in a collector position, will increase the Coin Multiplier by one. The current Coin Multiplier only applies to the total value of coins collected from collector positions per tumble. The Coin Multiplier always starts as x1 for every new round of Free Games. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/15/2025