Cops and Robbers Rules Our frantic manhunt has entered the second round: Get chased by the Old Bill on 20 win lines in Cops 'n' Robbers™ ; crack safes as well as grab gold bars - and give the coppers the slip! If you crack the code you will enter: There you’ll find additional spins, crazy wild symbols, and, with a little luck, a huge jackpot! The aim of Cops 'n' Robbers™ is to land 5 matching symbols side by side along the win line. The winning patters run from left to right. Bonus Game The guard dog (Wild symbol) represents all symbols except for Robber (bonus symbol). Gold bars and policemen can appear in groups and increase your winnings. After a spin in the regular game you can win one of 4 bonuses: 3 robbers in any position on the first, third and fifth reel will trigger the Street bonus. Every time you click "Start" the dice will role once and the robber will move forward by the number of points rolled. Each field holds different bonuses for you: It's either free spins or Wild bonuses for the subsequent free games. If your villain lands on "Start Free Spins" the Bonus game ends and you will find out how many free games you have won altogether. These will start immediately after. The Street bonus can be redeemed in the free game. You can collect golden keys during the Street bonus game as well as during the free games. If you land 5 keys the progressive jackpot is yours - if you have already got three keys e.g. during the Street Bonus Game you might with some luck get two more keys in the subsequent free game and grab the jackpot. The keys are located on the regular symbols of the fifth reel during the free spins. If these symbols are part of a winning combination you will receive the usual pay out. Jackpot The guard dog (Wild symbol) represents all symbols except for Robber (bonus symbol). Gold bars and policemen can appear in groups and increase your winnings. After a spin in the regular game you can win one of 4 bonuses: Rewind : One or several reels can turn back a few spins to get a win. Fast Forward : One or several reels can turn forward a few spins to get a win. Reel Morph : The symbols on the reels change to make in a winning combination. Bonus Wilds : More Wild symbols will be added to the reels to increase your chances of winning.onus with Wild bonus and subsequent free spins. RTP The theoretical return to player for this game is 95% malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/28/2021