Royal Flush Trophy Spins Main Game There are 1024 way to win. Wins are awarded from left to right on adjacent symbols. Gamble can be configured ON, ON for wins x5 or above, or OFF Trophy Spins Land 2 Regular Trophy Bonus symbols and 1 Bronze, Silver or Gold Trophy Bonus symbol to trigger Trophy Spins. Bronze Trophy Spins trigger an unlimited number of free games with locking wilds, that ends when a win of 5x the base game Total Bet or above during a single spin has been achieved. Silver Trophy Spins trigger an unlimited number of free games with locking wilds, that ends when a win of 10x the base game Total Bet or above during a single spin has been achieved. Gold Trophy Spins trigger an unlimited number of free games with locking wilds, that ends when a win of 20x the base game Total Bet or above during a single spin has been achieved. Gamble The Gamble feature can be set to 3 different modes: Gamble ON Gamble any base game win. Gamble 5x or above: Gamble any win that is greater or equal to 5x the base game Total Bet. Gamble OFF Gamble is disabled. The cash wheel offers a chance to increase the cash winnings by one half, double or triple. The Bronze wheel offers the chance to trigger Bronze Trophy Spins. The Silver wheel offers the chance to trigger Silver Trophy Spins. The Gold wheel offers the chance to trigger Gold Trophy Spins. Part Bank saves a portion of any cash winnings when selected. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. Once activated the reels will spin guaranteeing 3 Trophy Bonus scatter symbols on the reels, activating Trophy Spins. The Buy Bonus is played at x50 Total Bet. Rules All prizes start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Trophy Spins are played at trigger bet. Wild symbols may only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. Regular Trophy Bonus scatter symbols can only appear on reel 1 and 3. Bronze, Silver and Gold Trophy Bonus scatter symbols can only appear on reel 5. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/25/2025