Thunder Cash Charming Lady Game Theme and Graphics Spin this charming 5 reels slot and collect winnings from 10 available lines. While spinning, look after the scattered sphere symbols. Try to collect as many spheres as you can find and if you manage to collect them all - the Grand Jackpot is yours. While collecting the spheres, you might find other Jackpots as well - you just have to keep spinning. Main Game Your goal is to land 5 charming lady symbols in a win line, which will award you an immediate payout of 900x your bet. In the regular game, winning combinations begin on the left on the first reel and run along the win line to the right. Land at least 3 identical symbols and your fiery winning streak will start! Lock and spin feature 4 Jackpots can be won in Thunder Cash - Charming Lady. To stand a chance of cracking them, you have to collect at least 6 sphere symbols in the base game. If you manage to do this, you will enter the Lock and Spin Feature with 3 Free Spins. This feature will lock down your collected spheres from the base game and will check for any new spheres appearing during each free spin. In case a new sphere is found, the free spins counter will be reset back to 3 and your journey will continue. Once all free spins are used up - the free spins counter reached 0 or the Grand Jackpot has been won, the feature will end and pay out all the values on the collected spheres - including jackpots; in case their names appeared on any collected sphere. Rules All pays are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. All wins on selected lines, except Scatters. Scatters pay for combinations of any. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Wild symbol multiplies its line wins by 2. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Jackpot Coins appear during the game. 6 or more collected spheres trigger Lock and Spin Feature, which might result in reaching all of the jackpots. Each new collected sphere during the Lock and spin feature, resets the free spins counter back to 3. Lock and spin feature pays out all the winnings at the end and ignores all symbols besides spheres. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/12/2022