Myth of Medusa Gold Game Theme and Graphics Myth of Medusa Gold is set in ancient Greece and follows the mythology of the original myth surrounding Medusa. Main Game The aim of Myth of Medusa™ Gold is to line up 5 matching symbols along one of the 25 win lines that all run from left to right. A minimum combination of three matching symbols on a line starting on the leftmost reel pays out, except scatter wins. 2 scattered BONUS symbols trigger 7 free games. Feature Trigger: 2 scattered SCATTER symbols trigger 7 free games Sticky Wild symbols: At the beginning of the feature, the two SCATTER symbols that triggered the feature will be converted into Sticky Wild Symbols called RED MEDUSA. RED MEDUSA substitutes for all symbols, except MIRROR, and stays until the end of the feature. During the feature, additional RED MEDUSA symbols may appear on reel 1 and/or reel 5. Each additional RED MEDUSA symbol will award 1 additional free game. Mirror Bonus: In free games, an expanding symbol called MIRROR may appear on reel 3. If a MIRROR symbol appears, then 1) 'Normal' wins are evaluated; 2) One of the game symbols is selected randomly; 3) The selected symbol replaces all symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 for the current game; 4) Mirror bonus wins are evaluated. Jackpot In free games, a fixed jackpot can be won. The amount of the jackpot is 100x total bet. To win the jackpot, you have to collect 6 jackpot overlays on the reels 2 and 4. Jackpot overlays may appear on one or more position(s) on reels 2 and 4. Jackpot overlays stay until the end of the feature or until the jackpot is won, whichever comes first. Multiple jackpots can be won: If the jackpot is won before the end of the feature, all jackpot overlays are removed, and the player may collect jackpot overlays anew during the remaining free games of the feature. Rules ”Myth of Medusa Gold” is played with 100% extra bet. MEDUSA substitutes for all symbols, except scatters. All pays are for wins of left to right, except Scatter, which pays any. Highest win only paid per selected line. All prizes are on selected lines excluding scatters. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line (not including extra bet). Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet (not including extra bet). Scatter wins are added to line wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. The theoretical return to player is 95.63%.