Cyber Wildz GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Experience the cyber city of the future where cultures mix and the impossible becomes reality. Kray-Z the Reaper can hack into anything, stealing riches, even multiplying them, and if her and Y-Pout the Assassin team up in the Free Spins Feature, untold wealth awaits. Main Game Cyber Wildz is played on 6 reels and 5 rows. When the Kray-Z reaper, the Multiplier Wild, appears on a win line, your winnings will be multiplied by x2, x3 or x5. Get lucky by landing 2 or more Multiplier Wilds on a single line and the Multiplier symbols will multiply themselves awarding huge wins. Land 2 Free Spins symbols in a single spin and enter the Free Spins Feature, where Kray-Z and Y- Pout team up to take over the city. Free Spins Feature Free Spins symbols land on reels 1 or 6 and there can never be more than one of them per reel during each spin. Hack into the mainframe of a dystopian city, by landing two of them in one spin, and enter the feature. A random number between 1 and 7 appears above each reel in a Special Reel at the start of the feature. Kray-Z the Reaper (now a Modifier symbol) and Y-Pout the Assassin appear as Local or Global Modifiers and the values on the Special Reel increase whenever they land, awarding Multipliers of your triggering bet, which are summed up at the end of the feature. The possible values that can be displayed on the Modifier symbols are x2, x3, x5, x10, x20, and +1, +2, +5, +10 or +20, for Kray-Z and Y-Pout respectively. The Local Modifier symbols affect the number shown above the current reel in the Special Reel and the Global Modifier symbols affect all the numbers shown in the Special Reel. The player has 3 spins, during which they have to land one of the Modifier symbols at any point, to reset the spins to 3. If no Modifier symbols land for 3 spins, the feature game ends, and the Multipliers collected in the Special reel are summed up and awarded to the player. Trigger: 2 Free Spins symbols trigger the Free Spins Feature Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest win per line is paid. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except of Scatters. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. 2 Free Spins symbols trigger the Free Spins Feature. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. No more than 2 Free Spins symbols can appear on the reels during one spin. Free Spins cannot be won again during the Free Spins Feature. The Free Spins Feature is played automatically. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 8/10/2023