A Christmas Full of Wilds Game Theme and Graphics Enter Santa's workshop and come and play A Christmas Full of Wilds™. Watch as the trail length and modifier changes each game Main Game When a new game begins the trail will show a new toy, and will award a modifier once completed. Trail and Wins Each winning drop lights a trail position. A drop with no wins clears the trail. If all the positions are lit, the current toy award will be awarded. When a new game starts it's possible for the trail length to change. The minimum trail positions are two, and the maximum trail positions are five. Any winning combinations are awarded, winning symbols explode and new symbols drop into view. This continues until no wins are in view. The trail is not present during modifiers. Wild Gun Santa shoots at the reels, causing a number of Wilds to appear. Once the Wilds have finished being added, any wins are paid. The bonus can repeat. Wild Drone Santa controls a drone that adds a number of Wilds to the reels whilst they are spinning. Once complete, the reels stop and any wins are paid. The bonus can repeat. Wild Phone Santa spins regular symbols through a phone before stopping on one. Symbols on the reels matching Santa's symbol are replaced with Wilds and any wins are paid. The bonus can repeat. Wild Camera Santa takes a photograph with his camera. This appears on the reels and can reveal a Colossal Wild of either 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4. Any wins are then paid. The bonus can repeat. Lock & Spin Completing a trail with the Lock & Spin toy in view triggers the Lock & Spin bonus. During the Lock & Spin bonus, each position on the grid is an individual reel. The bonus starts with 3 spins and is reset back to 3 whenever a symbol lands into view. Symbols are locked into place. A consecutive run of 3 spins without landing any symbols ends the bonus. Symbols available in the Lock & Spin bonus are Blue Bauble, Green Bauble, Red Bauble and Golden Present. Every bauble symbol in view awards a cash value at the end of the bonus. Every Golden Present symbol in view awards one of the four Wild toy modifiers. Any wins achieved in a modifier are added at the end of the Lock & Spin bonus. Blue Bauble values are x0.5, x1. Green Bauble values are x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x3.5, x4, x4.5. Red Bauble values are x5, x6, x7, x8, x9. All bauble values multiply the Total Bet. At the end of the Lock & Spin bonus, all bauble and Golden Present wins are added together and paid. If a full grid is achieved, an extra 1000x Total Bet is awarded. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right and right to left. All prizes are for combinations of adjacent symbols of a kind on selected lines. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. Line wins are added. 5 of a kind prizes paid only once. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. If the win line is entirely created by Wild symbols, then the payout of the highest paid symbol is paid on selected lines. The Bonus game win of a Lock & Spin Bonus is awarded directly and cannot be gambled. Any base game wins that coincide with a Lock & Spin Bonus trigger are part of the Bonus game win and cannot be gambled. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/21/2023