Thunder Cash Golden Voodoo Magic Game Theme and Graphics Voodoo Magic adventure continues! Now in the special gold edition with much more fun. That is Thunder Cash™- Golden Voodoo Magic™. Enjoy the Lock and Spin Feature, where the Grand Jackpot is just around the corner or win amazing wins in the Free Games Feature. Main Game The game is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows in height, with 243 all pay ways always in play. Winning combinations run from the left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, except scatter symbols. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except the Coin symbols. 6 or more Coin symbols trigger the Lock and Spin Feature with wonderful Jackpots and a Free Games Feature Lock and Spin Feature 2 Jackpots and 2 Bonuses can be won in Thunder Cash™- Golden Voodoo Magic™. To stand a chance of cracking them, you have to collect at least 6 Coin symbols in the base game. If you manage to do this, you will enter the Lock and Spin Feature with 3 Free Spins. This Feature will lock down your collected Coins from the base game and will check for any new Coins appearing during each Free Spin. If a new Coin appears, the Free Spins counter will be reset back to 3 and your journey will continue. Once all Free Spins are used up - the Free Spins counter reached 0 or the Grand Jackpot has been won, the Feature will end and pay out all the values on the collected Coins - including jackpots, in case their names appeared on any collected Coins. 15 Coins appearing on the reels during the Lock and Spin Feature trigger the Grand Jackpot and end the feature immediately. If you are lucky and you reach Free Games Coins, your journey continues in Free Games Feature. Free Games Feature Free Games collected in the Lock & Spin Feature will grant you entry to the Free Games Feature at the end of Lock & Spin Feature. Free Games are played on different reels then the Base Game. There are no Coin symbols, so your possibility to win is higher. 3 or more Ouija scatter symbols on one reel set? Good job! You won 10 additional Free Games! The Free Games can be retriggered Rules Coin symbols represent scatters. All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All pays are for wins of left to right except scatters, which pay any. All combinations start at the leftmost reel. All combinations are on adjacent reels. Highest win only paid per combination on screen. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatters. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Jackpot Coins appear during the game. 6 or more Coins in any positions trigger the Lock and Spin Feature, which may result in winning all of the Jackpots. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/17/2023