Piggy Prizes - Jingle Jackpots The base game consists of 15 individual reels spinning independently that are laid out in a traditional 5 wide, 3 high layout with 40 fixed win lines. Coin symbols and fixed pot symbols are locked in the game, visually shown by a chain and padlock over the symbol. They can be won if landed on the reel set in conjunction with Santa or Super Santa symbol on the centre reel position. The centre reel position has no premium symbols and contains only royals and the Santa symbol. Santa and Super Santa symbols also act as a Wild symbol. Super Santa will also Add Coins, Boost Coins and feed the pigs coins which if popped will trigger Super Free Games Game Features Magic Spin At the start of a spin, a Magic Spin may randomly be triggered which stops the centre reel first with the Santa or Super Santa symbol in view. Magic Rewind In the base game, the centre reel may rewind a random number of positions to land on the Santa or Super Santa symbol. In the base game, Free Games or Super Free Games, with a Santa or Super Santa symbol on the centre reel, one or more non-winning symbols may rewind a random number of positions to land on a locked jackpot symbol. Super Santa When a Super Santa symbol lands, additional coins and/or jackpots are added to the reels. If a coin from Super Santa lands on a pre-existing coin, it will be boosted to a higher value. Free Games Free Games are triggered when one of the two piggy filler pots reaches it’s maximum size and visually explodes on the screen. The size of the pots is increased by the Santa symbol landing in the center reel position and then throwing a coin up to one or both of the pots, this may or may not increase the size of the pig. Each pig when popped awards 6 Free Games. During Free Games the Santa symbol becomes sticky and does not move from the center reel position and can still increase the size of the pots for a Free Games re-trigger. All coins and fixed pots values that land on the reels are awarded along with all reel wins. Super Free Games Super Free Games are triggered when one of the two piggy filler pots reaches its maximum size and visually explodes on the screen when fed a coin by Super Santa. Each pig when popped by Super Santa awards 6 Super Free Games. During Free Games the Super Santa symbol becomes sticky and does not move from the center reel position and can still increase the size of the pots for a Super Free Games re-trigger. All coins and fixed pots values that land on the reels are awarded along with all reel wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Key Features Unlockable Pot Cash Prizes Unlockable Coin Cash Prizes Magic Spins Magic Rewind Free Games Super Santa Add Coins Super Santa Boost Coins Super Free Games Malfunction voids all pays and plays