Thunder Cash Voodoo Magic Game Theme and Graphics While spinning, look after the scattered Coin symbols. Try to collect as many Coins as you can find and if you manage to collect them all - the Grand Jackpot is yours. While collecting the Coins, you might find other Jackpots as well - you just have to keep spinning. Main Game The game is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows in height, with 243 all pay ways always in play. Winning combinations run from the left to right, starting with the leftmost reel, except Scatter symbols. Lock and Spin Feature 4 Jackpots can be won in Thunder Cash™- Voodoo Magic™. To stand a chance of cracking them, you have to collect at least 6 Coin symbols in the base game. If you manage to do this, you will enter the Lock and Spin Feature with 3 Free Spins. This Feature will lock down your collected Coins from the base game and will check for any new Coins appearing during each Free Spin. If a new Coin appears, the Free Spins counter will be reset back to 3 and your journey will continue. Once all Free Spins are used up - the Free Spins counter reached 0 or the Grand Jackpot has been won, the Feature will end and pay out all the values on the collected Coins - including jackpots, in case their names appeared on any collected Coins. 15 Coins appearing on the reels during the Lock and Spin Feature trigger the Grand Jackpot and end the feature immediately. RTP - 95% Rules Coin symbols represent Scatters. All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All pays are for wins of left to right except Scatters, which pay any. All combinations start at the leftmost reel. All combinations are on adjacent reels. Highest win only paid per combination on screen. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Jackpot Coins appear during the game. 6 or more Coins in any positions trigger the Lock and Spin Feature, which may result in winning all of the Jackpots. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Last modification date: 9/26/2025