Lucky Lady's Charm Deluxe 10 Game Theme and Graphics Play for huge multiple wins. Wins can potentially contain up to 100 wins in a single game. All Stacked Wilds on reel set 1 transfer to reel set 2 increasing chances of multiple wins. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus for enhanced Wild transferring - get any Wild on reel set 1 and this will become stacked before transferring across. Main Game Lucky Lady's Charm Deluxe 10™ is played on 2 reel sets: Reel set 1, 4 x 5 reels, 25 win lines Reel set 2, 12 x 5 reels 75 win lines Your aim is to land 5 identical symbols along a win line. Winning combinations work the same on both reel sets and start on the first reel on the left, and run along an active win line to the last reel on the right in the regular game. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other without any other symbols between them. Colossal Symbols During normal play and the Free Spins bonus, the 'Lucky Foot' and 'Lady Bird' Colossal Symbols are available on both reel sets. Free Spins with Enhanced Wild Transferring To trigger the Free Spins Bonus you must get 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view across both reel sets: 3 Scatters awards 8 Free Spins 4 Scatters awards 12 Free Spins 5 Scatters (or more) awards 20 Free Spins During the Free Spins Bonus any Wild symbols landing on reel set 1 will expand to a stack before transferring across to the same number reel on set 2. For example if a wild landed on reels 1 and 2, these would expand before transferring to reels 1 and 2 of reel set 2. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. All prizes are on selected lines, except Scatters. Scatter symbols may only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets. The award multiplier is multiplied with the bet per line (i.e. total bet/pay lines). Only the highest value symbol combination is paid on each pay line. Free Spins can be won again during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP The return to player for this game is 96.2%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €2 Max Bet : €200 Last modification date: 6/17/2020