Great American Wilds Main Game Great American Wilds is played on 5 reels, each 4 rows high, with 50 lines always in play. All winning combinations run from left to right on win lines, except Scatter symbols. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbols. The Scatter symbols trigger the Free Games if five of them land anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4. A full screen of animal symbols trigger the corresponding Jackpot. Epic Xtra Stax Feature If Epic Xtra Stax feature is initiated, stacks of symbols are added to the reels. Epic Xtra Stax can contain all symbols, but only one of a kind per reel. Free Games 5 or more BONUS symbols scattered on the reels 2, 3 or 4 trigger Free Games. The number of Free Games depends on the number of bonus symbols in view. Free games can be retriggered. Reels 2-5 are respun if the first reel contains a full stack of one kind of animal (see Respin Feature). Epic Xtra Stax and Jackpot rules are valid during Free Games. Respin Feature In Base Game When 4 or more BONUS symbols stop on the reels, the Respin Feature starts. BONUS symbols are locked in place and reels 2, 3 and 4 will respin. The Respin feature of BONUS symbols continues as long as new BONUS symbols stop on the reels or all 12 positions on reels 2-4 are filled with BONUS symbols. In Free Games Anytime during the Free Games, when the first reel is filled with one kind of animal, The Respin Feature is initiated. The symbols on the first reel, all WILD symbols and all matching animal symbols will lock in place. Reels will respin and lock any additional matching animal symbols and all WILD symbols. The respin feature continues as long as new matching symbols or wild symbols appear or until all positions are filled by one kind of animal symbols or WILDs. Gamble Feature It is possible to gamble any win up to 5 times with a maximum stake of 500x total bet. For higher wins or during autoplay, gambling is not possible. Rules All pays are for combinations left to right except scatters. Scatters pay for combinations of any. All wins on selected lines except scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Line prizes are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Free Games are played at trigger bet and lines. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/7/2022