Lone Star Link Grizzly Wins Main Game With Free Games, Collect Prizes and a Bonus Spins feature game, this slot is sure to keep you entertained. Your aim in Lone Star Link™ Grizzly Wins™ is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 576 winning paths running from left to right. Game Features Bonus Spins Feature Look out for Star symbols, when 5 or more Star symbols appear anywhere on screen they trigger the Bonus Spins Feature. Any Star symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Star lands on the reels, the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Star symbols are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is completely filled with Stars. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on screen are opened are filled with Stars. Star symbol prizes can award, Major, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 40 x total bet. Getting a +1 Row Star will add another row to the Bonus Spins Feature. Landing a Multiplier Star will increase the multiplier on the left hand side of the reels, when the feature ends all Star Prizes will be multiplied by this multiplier (except for the Grand Jackpot and Major Jackpot). Grizzly Wins Collect Any game with one or more Stars on screen, and not triggering the Bonus Spins Feature, may randomly trigger the Grizzly Wins Collect. All Star prizes on screen will be collected and awarded immediately. Game Features Bonus Spins Feature Look out for Star symbols, when 5 or more Star symbols appear anywhere on screen they trigger the Bonus Spins Feature. Any Star symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Star lands on the reels, the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Star symbols are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is completely filled with Stars. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on screen are opened are filled with Stars. Star symbol prizes can award, Major, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 40 x total bet. Getting a +1 Row Star will add another row to the Bonus Spins Feature. Landing a Multiplier Star will increase the multiplier on the left hand side of the reels, when the feature ends all Star Prizes will be multiplied by this multiplier (except for the Grand Jackpot and Major Jackpot). Grizzly Wins Collect Any game with one or more Stars on screen, and not triggering the Bonus Spins Feature, may randomly trigger the Grizzly Wins Collect. All Star prizes on screen will be collected and awarded immediately. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 9/3/2024