Bat Stax Game Theme and Graphics Get ready for a hoot of a time in BAT STAX! This new spook-tacular 5 Reel 20 line slot will leave you trembling for more. Look out for the Bats when they fly across the reels, awarding frighteningly big wins! Main Game Your aim with Bat Stax™ is to land five matching symbols along one of the 20 win lines. All winning combinations start on the first reel to the left and continue to the right without interruption. You win when a symbol lands in the required minimum number and the correct order. The Witch's Hat is Wild and will substitute for any symbol in a line win combination, except Bats. 3 or more pumpkins will award the Free Games and as the full moon rises so does your chance for greater rewards! Overlaid Special Expanding Symbol Look out for the OVERLAID SPECIAL EXPANDING SYMBOL - Bats. These can appear anywhere on screen - on top of other symbols - in both paid and free games. 3 or more overlaid Bat icons will EXPAND to cover ALL POSITIONS on reels, and move to the left-most positions on the screen. Bat wins are paid as additional left-to-right line wins and are paid after all other line wins have been evaluated. Free Games Feature with Re-spins During the free games, just 2 or more overlaid Bats icons on screen will expand and trigger a Re-spin. Once the appearing Bats have expanded and flown to the left-most reels, the remaining reels without Bats will Re-spin. More Bats can be collected to boost your winnings! Any additional overlaid Bats appearing during a Re-spin will expand and be added to the other Bat symbols, and a further Re-spin will occur. Re-spins will end when no additional Bats appear or 5 overlaid Bats have already been collected. Bat wins are paid once only, at the conclusion of Re-spins. Feature trigger : . 3, 4 or 5 scatter Pumpkin symbols award 10, 15 or 25 Free Games Feature hit rate: 150-180 games Rules Wild substitutes for all symbols, except scattered 'Bat' and 'Pumpkin' . All pays are for wins of left to right on selected lines. All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Highest win only paid per line. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP The Return to Player for this game is 95,19%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000