Jingle Jackpot Whether it's from the left or the right: In Jingle Jackpot winnings will land under the Christmas tree from both sides of the 10 win lines. Your aim is to land 5 matching symbols next to each other on a win line without any other symbols between them. The Wild 'Star' symbols replace any symbol in the game and multiply the line win - but they are only active if you have selected the option 'Extra Bet'. Main Game To win you need to have 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols adjacent on a win line. All adjacent wins pay and can be paid on one, multiple or all win lines. Christmas Cracker Bonus At the end of a losing game there is a chance of being awarded a random mystery bonus: Rewind: One or more of the reels are highlighted and will step up to a winning position. Fast Forward: One or more of the reels are highlighted and will step down to a winning position. All Symbols Pay Scatter: 3 or more alike symbols anywhere in view will pay the winning combinations. Domino: A random symbol will move around the reels changing the symbols it passes over into copies of itself. This sequence will guarantee a win. Extra Bet Option When 'Extra Bet' is activated, then there will be stacked Wild symbols introduced to all reels. These symbols will substitute all reel symbols. Furthermore, the Extra Wild Bets will introduce a multiplier that will be applied to Wild wins. The higher the Extra Bet you choose, the higher the Wild Multiplier will be. Extra Bet Levels: Extra Bet ‘off’, total stake = lines x line bet Wild symbols introduced, total stake = lines x line bet +50% Wild symbols multiply x2, total stake = lines x line bet +150% Wild symbols multiply x4, total stake = lines x line bet +300% Wild symbols multiply x6, total stake = lines x line bet +500% Wild symbols multiply x8, total stake = lines x line bet +700% Wild symbols multiply x10, total stake = lines x line bet +900% Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations of adjacent symbols of a kind on selected lines, except Scatters. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per Scatter combination. Line wins are added. Activating Extra Bet increases your total stake. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 95.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.