Almight Jackpots Garden of Persephone Game Theme and Graphics ALMIGHTY wins await in this 5 reel 25 line slot game Almighty Jackpots - Garden of Persephone™. This 5 reel 25 line slot has 2 exciting features. Firstly a 5 level jackpot with a hold and spin feature, collect golden coins during the jackpot feature spins to increase you credits and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. It is possible to fill the screen with these valuable coins and have all your wins doubled. Secondly a Free Games feature with Giant symbols will have you basking in some colossal wins that are fit for a goddess! Main Game Your aim is to land 5 matching symbols along a win line. Winning combinations run from left to right across active win lines in the normal game. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other on an active win line without any other symbols coming between them. With symbol stacks and giant symbols, almighty full screen wins can appear on any spin and award wondrous riches to boost your winnings. During the main game, one symbol is randomly chosen to be the stacked symbol for each game. During the Free Games, giant symbols in combination with symbol stacks are your key to unlocking full screen wins and the riches within Persephone's glorious garden. Almighty Jackpots Feature 6 or more Coin symbols appearing anywhere on screen triggers the Almighty Jackpots Feature. Any Coin symbols are held and respins are awarded for all other symbol positions. The number of respins awarded is the same as the number of Coin symbols that triggered the feature. If all positions are not filled with Coins at the end of the respins, and extra 1, 2 or 3 respins are awarded. All prizes on Coins are paid at the conclusion of the respins, or if the screen is filled with Coins. Prizes are PAID TWICE if all positions on the screen are filled with Coins. Coin prizes can award Grand, Major Maxi, Minor or Mini Jackpots, or up to 15 x total bet during paid games. Coin prizes can award up to 15 x total bet during respin games. Feature trigger : 6 or more scatter Coin symbols Feature hit rate : 110 - 170 games. Feature top prize : Grand Jackpot Free Games Feature 3x, 4x or 5x Free Games Wreath symbols awards 10 Free Games with a Giant Symbol. One symbol (Persephone, Helmet, Vase, Harp or Cornucopia) is selected at random to be the only Giant Symbol on the reels for the duration of the Free Games. The Giant Symbol is 3x3 symbols large and lands across reels 2, 3 and 4. Feature trigger : 3 or more scatter Free Games Wreath symbols. Feature hit rate : 200 - 220 games. Feature top prize : 2500 times bet multiplier Rules Temple' substitutes for all symbols except scatter 'Coin' and scatter 'Free Games Wreath'. One symbol is selected at random to be the stacked symbol during paid games. One symbol is selected at random to be the only giant symbol for the duration of the Free Games. All pays are for wins of left to right. All prizes are on selected lines, excluding Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.18%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/29/2020