Lock Breakers Golden Nuts Game Theme and Graphics A fun and gold-loving Squirrel unlocks the value of Golden Nuts and shares them with you! Main Game The base game consists of 15 individual reels spinning independently that are laid out in a traditional 5 wide, 3 high layout with 40 fixed win lines. Golden Nut symbols and fixed Jackpot symbols are locked in the game, visually shown by a chain and padlock over the symbol. They can be won if landed on the reels in conjunction with the Squirrel symbol in the center reel position. The center position of the grid has no premium symbols and contains only Royals and the Squirrel symbol. The Squirrel symbol also acts as a Wild symbol. Magic Spin At the start of a spin, a Magic Spin may randomly be triggered which stops the center position of grid first with the Squirrel symbol in view. Magic Rewind In the base game, the center position of the grid may rewind a random number of positions to land on the Squirrel symbol. In both the base game and Free Games, with a Squirrel symbol on the center position of the grid, one or more non-winning symbols may rewind a random number of positions to land on a locked jackpot symbol. Free Games Free Games are triggered when one of the two baskets of nuts reaches its maximum size and visually explodes on the screen. The size of the nuts piles in the baskets is increased by the Squirrel symbol landing in the center reel position and then throwing an nut into one or both of the baskets, this may or may not increase the visual pile of nuts in the baskets. Each basket, when exploded, awards 6 Free Games. During Free Games, the Squirrel symbol becomes sticky and does not move from the center reel position and can still increase the size of the nut piles for a Free Games retrigger. All gold nuts and fixed jackpot values that land on the reels are awarded along with all reel wins. Buy Bonus The Buy Bonus can be activated during the base game only. The Buy Bonus guarantees you 6 Free Games for 50x total bet. The paytable does not change and pays the same as during a game where the Buy Bonus has not been activated. Rules This game has 15 reels and 40 win lines. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combination of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Line wins are added. Only the highest win per line is paid. The Squirrel symbol is Wild and unlocks gold nuts and jackpots on the reels. The Squirrel is present on the center position of the grid only and replaces all symbols except locked golden nuts and locked jackpots. Locked golden nuts and locked jackpot symbols appear on all reels except the center position of the grid. In order to win one or more golden nut and/or jackpot values, the Squirrel symbol must be visible on the center position of the grid in the same game. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of win lines. When the Squirrel symbol lands, it may add an nut to one or both baskets. Baskets and the pile of nuts they contain can grow in size and randomly explode. Exploding a basket awards 6 Free Games. Both baskets can explode at the same time awarding 12 Free Games. Basket can be exploded during Free Games to award additional Free Games. Each time a basket triggers Free Games, it is reset to its smallest size. The Squirrel symbol remains on the center position of the grid throughout Free Games, and any locked golden nut and locked jackpot symbols that land are instantly unlocked and awarded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 95.13% Last modification date: 2/10/2026