From Dusk Till Dawn 10 Game Theme and Graphics This is my kinda game! Join the Gecko brothers in this beautifully animated slot with 100 win lines and cool features that put you right in the thick of the action as they try to survive the night in the craziest bar you’ve ever seen! Help Seth and his brother Richie escape, and they’ll give you more winnings than you can ever imagine! Main Game From Dusk Till Dawn™ 10 is played on 2 reel sets: Reel set 1, 4 x 5 reels, 25 win lines Reel set 2, 12 x 5 reels 75 win lines Wilds Any complete Wild symbols that land in the main reels will transfer to the Colossal reels and grow in size. Lock & Spin At the end of a reel spin, the Lock & Spin Bonus may be randomly triggered. A symbol will be picked at random to be the Winning symbol. Winning symbols lock in place and the reels continue to spin until no new symbols appear. Collect Level Up symbols to upgrade your Winning symbol. If you complete the final trail, Level Up symbols become Seth symbols. Bonus Wheel Bonus Symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets of reels and award spins of the Bonus Wheel. 3 symbols award 3 spins of the Bonus Wheel. 4 symbols award 4 spins of the Bonus Wheel. 5 symbols award 5 spins of the Bonus Wheel. 6 symbols award 6 spins of the Bonus Wheel. When in the Bonus Wheel, hit spin to be awarded with a multiplier or an amount of Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins, any Wild symbol visible on the main reels, even if only partially visible, will transfer to the Colossal reels and expand. Bonus symbols may appear in Free Spins, giving you more spins on the Bonus Wheel. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except scatters. All prizes are on selected lines, except scatters. Scatter symbols in view trigger Bonus Wheel. Scatter symbol may only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 of both sets. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are added. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Free spins can be won again during the free spins. Free spins are played at trigger bet and lines. Wild symbol may appear on all reels. RTP : 95.02% Malfunction voids all pays and plays