Diamond Cash Mighty Sevens Diamond Cash: Mighty Sevens GAME RULES This page contains information on how to play this game. Please scroll down to read through all topics. Getting started This game is a game for one player the gameplay of other players does not affect yours. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the application. Playing You choose the total bet per round via the "Total Bet" button. The minimum bet per round is € 1.00. The maximum bet per round is € 10.00. The "Start" button begins a round of play. Each round is independent of previous rounds. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. When you start a round, the bet is deducted from the balance you've paid in. At the end of a round, the console displays your win, if any. Win Lines This game has 5 reels and 25 win lines. You can find an overview of the win line pattern via "Paytable & Info" Autoplay Clicking on "Auto" starts automatic spins. If "Autoplay" is activated the button label becomes green. Clicking it again stops the automatic spins. Autoplay stops automatically when the total bet is higher than your current funds. Autoplay stops automatically when a feature is awarded. Winnings Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. -The leftmost reel is reel 1, the rightmost reel is reel 5. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter wins and line wins are added. The possible prize values that can be displayed on the Diamond symbol are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 15, 20 or 100 multiplied by total bet. Bonus Symbols The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter and Diamond symbols to help complete winning combinations. 6 or more Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Diamond Cash feature. 3 Gold Scatter symbols awards 7 Win Spins on the Win Spins feature. Gold Scatter symbols may only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, where reel 1 is the leftmost reel and reel 5 is the rightmost reel. RTP Range The theoretical RTP (return to player) value for this game is 93.70%. The theoretical RTP is calculated as total win/total bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The actual RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Connection Loss In case you lose your network connection, the game will proceed to complete the current round of play automatically after a delay of 15 seconds absence from the game. If you reconnect into the game earlier, you are able to continue playing the current round. This includes all settings such as number of lines and bet. If this round contains multiple spins (e.g. free games feature), the game will determine your winnings based on the game's expected win values. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Win Spins Feature Win Spins are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Win Spins feature grants you 7 Win Spins with free re-spins in case there are no reel wins. During the Win Spins you might find Royal Diamonds, which stay locked in the progress meter and grant you faster access to the Diamond CashTM feature. Diamonds are collected during the Win Spins. If 6 of them are collected in the progress meter, the Diamond Cash Feature will be awarded. Diamond Cash Feature The Diamond Cash feature starts with 3 Free Spins. Free Spins are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. The Free Spins counter is reset back to 3 with each new Diamond symbol appearing anywhere on the reels. All Diamond symbols are locked in place until the end of the feature. Any numeric value on a Diamond symbol will be paid out at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature. "Mini/Minor/Major Jackpot" Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature trigger corresponding jackpot payout at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature. All 15 positions filled with Diamonds during the Diamond CashTM Feature triggers the Grand Jackpot. Once a linked jackpot win has been achieved, it is no longer possible to win another linked jackpot within the same feature. Jackpots 1.0% of every stake goes directly into the jackpots. Players playing the maximum stake will be eligible to win the total jackpot. Lower staking players will win a proportion of the total jackpot relative to the stake placed. Each progressive jackpot is a prize pool exclusively containing the accumulation of all respective player contributions. For each prize combination (progressive and base win prize), the game displays the potential win value equal to the sum of the available progressive jackpot on the current stake plus the base win prize. When a progressive jackpot is won, the respective winnings are taken from the progressive jackpot prize pool and awarded to the winning player. Any remaining winnings are available for subsequent progressive wins, plus any new contributions. The amount you are eligible to win will be shown in the jackpot banks. It is not possible for two players to win a jackpot simultaneously. In instances of apparent simultaneous wins, the games are time-stamped and the first player to trigger the win is awarded the jackpot. In case this game is withdrawn from our offer, your jackpot contribution will be transferred to other certified games with similar jackpots. Gambling With your current stake, a maximum of € 500.00 can be bet while gambling. Gambling is not possible for higher wins. During autoplay gambling is not possible. Gambling is not possible after a jackpot win. Last modification date: 10/31/2023