Diamond Cash Oasis Riches Main Game Diamond Cash: Oasis Riches is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows in height, with 25 lines always in play. If you can find 6 or more diamonds in one spin, you will be granted a trip to the stars with 3 free spins to find the next diamond. Each time you manage to find a new one, your free spins will be reset back to 3 and you will be one diamond richer. Diamonds are not the only thing that can bring you happiness in this game. There are Oasis, which grant you access to unique Win Spins mechanics, where you cannot loose. 7 winning spins are granted with free re-spins of ALL non-winning ones. Saddle up your favorite pharaon and check out the nearby jungle where win spins await you. If there are no diamonds or Oasis around, there are always Pharaon nearby, which if you are lucky, will cover up the whole screen and grant you an immediate win of 750 times your stake! This can happen on each spin you do. Free Spin Feature If you are brave enough and have found Oasis scatter symbols on reels 2,3 and 4, then you are granted a trip to the Desert. There you will get 7 free spins. Each non winning spin will result in granting an additional free spin. Through your progression into the deepest parts of the Desert, you might find special diamonds, which stay locked on the diamonds meter and grant you faster access to the stars - Diamonds Cash™ Feature which is full of riches. Special diamonds collected in Free Spins will last until all spins are completed and you are returned back to the savannah. Trigger: 3 x Oasis symbol Diamond Cash Feature To travel to the stars, 6 diamonds have to be collected for the diamonds progress meter. We all know that you are the bravest explorer out there and that you are capable of accomplishing this task. Imagine how beautiful it must be between the stars. Once there, you will get 3 spins to collect a new diamond. If you can find one, stars will reset your available spins back to 3 and you will be able to search for more. If you are the ONE, then you will find all 15 diamonds and the stars will grant you access to the biggest win in this game: THE GRAND JACKPOT. But fear not, there are other jackpots to be won on each trip to fill up your pockets. For the stars it doesn't matter if you came from the sa vannah or the deepest jungle, as long as you have managed to find 6 or more diamonds, the trip is yours. Trigger: 6 or more diamond symbols Top Prize: Grand Jackpot Rules Base Game The ‘WILD’ symbol substitutes all other symbols except scatters. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Win Spins Win Spins are played at trigger bet and lines. During the Win Spins feature diamonds can appear and if 6 or more of them are collected, the Diamond Cash feature will be rewarded. Diamond Cash Diamond Cash is played at trigger bet and lines. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the feature. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Last modification date: 10/31/2023