Lucky Luchadoras Game Theme and Graphics Climb into the ring with Lucky Luchadoras! These radiant wrestlers are ready to fight for your wins with scatter matches, Multipliers, and Free Games! The combination of fun characters, bright colors, and bold graphic design are sure to excite and entertain. Now “SMASH” that spin button! Main Game Lucky Luchadoras is a Tumbler game. Wins are made when 8 or more matching symbols appear anywhere on the reels.Winning symbols disappear, causing the remaining symbols to “tumble” down to fill the spaces they left. New symbols will then drop from above to fill the remaining empty spaces. If any new matches occur, the Tumble process repeats until no new matches can be made. Bonus and Multiplier symbols can appear on any spin or tumble! If you hunger for big prizes, now is the time to dine! Multiplier Symbols Multiplier symbols can appear randomly during spins and Tumbles in both the base game and during the Free Games feature. Multipliers appear with the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x. At the end of each game round the values of all Multipliers on the screen are summed together and applied to the round’s total win.Free Games When you land 4 or more Bonus Symbols (scatter) on the reels during the base game, the Free Games Feature is triggered with 15 Free Games. The Free Games Feature includes the same Multiplier symbols as the base game. Free Games Retrigger During Free Games, if 3 or more Bonus symbols appear on the reels during a single spin or tumbling sequence, 5 additional Free Games are awarded. Free Games Persistent Multiplier During the Free Games Feature, if a winning spin (tumbling sequence) includes any Multiplier symbols on the reels, the Multiplier symbol values will be added to the Persistent Multiplier meter at the end of the spin (tumbling sequence). This updated Persistent Multiplier meter value is then applied to that spin’s (tumbling sequence) total win amount. For the remainder of the Free Games Feature, each new winning spin (tumbling sequence) that includes a Multiplier symbol, will add its value to the meter before applying it to that spin’s (tumbling sequence) win amount. Buy Bonus You can instantly trigger the Free Games Feature for 100x the current bet amount by clicking the Buy Bonus button. This can be done at any time during the base game, unless the Ante Bet feature is activated. Ante Bet You can double your chances of triggering the Free Games Feature by activating Ante Bet. This will increase your bet amount to 125% of its current value. Activating Ante Bet will disable the Buy Bonus Feature. Rules • The aim of this game is to match 8 ore more symbols and win their values, which chain into more Tumbles. • When matches are made the winning symbols are highlighted then removed from the reels causing new symbols to Tumble down to fill the empty spaces. • Multiplier symbols can appear randomly on any spin and will multiply the total win for that tumbling sequence. • At the end of each spin (tumbling sequence), the values of all Multipliers on the screen are summed together and then applied to the total win of the sequence. • The Free Games Feature is triggered by landing 4 or more Bonus Symbols (scatter) during the base game, granting the player 15 Free Games. • When in the Free Games Feature, the player can earn +5 Free Games by landing 3 Bonus Symbols (scatter) during a spin (tumbling sequence). • Multipliers are persistent during Free Games and are applied to each subsequent winning spin (tumbling sequence). • You can instantly trigger the Free Games Feature with the Buy Bonus Feature. • You can increase your odds of getting the Free Games Feature with the Ante Bet Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94% Last modification date: 10/30/2025