Party Parrots DISCLAIMER All information printed in this document is subject to change without notice. Although care has been used when compiling the information contained in this document, Redline takes no responsibility for any reliance on the information's accuracy. Preciseness of information may also vary subject to specific market requirements and/or legislation. GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type - 5x3 Allpays slot, minimum bet 25 credits Theme - Parrots, Disco GAME FEATURES Party Parrots Bonus Spins Feature Stacked Wilds with Bonus Prizes Free Games Feature PAYOUT Default maximum Win - 256x total bet Hit Frequency (%) - Approx 24% Jackpot - 4 Level Jackpot - Non Progressive GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Party Parrots™ is a 5 reel slot with 243 different ways to win and 3 bonus features. Firstly, there is the Party Parrots Bonus Feature triggered by Coin symbols. Collect more Coin symbols during this feature to increase your wins and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. If the screen becomes completely filled with Coin symbols the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Secondly, a Bonus Wheel Spin is triggered with 3 stacked Wild Star symbols. Thirdly, a Free Games Feature with at a chance to re-trigger or be awarded with more Wild stacks within the Free Games.. Main Game With Free Games, Wild Bonus Prizes and a Bonus Spins Feature game, this slot is sure to keep you entertained. Your aim in Party Parrots™ is to land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Party Parrots Bonus Spins Feature Look out for Coin symbols, when 6 or more Coin symbols appear anywhere on screen, they trigger the Party Parrots Bonus Spins Feature. Any Coin symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Coin symbol lands on the reels, the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Coin symbols are paid at the end of the Bonus Spins Feature, or if the screen is completely filled with Coin symbols the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Coin symbol prizes can award, Mini, Minor or Major Jackpots or up to 15 x total bet. Stacked Wilds with Bonus Prizes Land 3 Wild Star symbols stacked in full view on reels 2 or 4 to trigger a Bonus Wheel Spin. A Wild Stack on reel 2 or reel 4 will award a bonus wheel spin for each stack. The Bonus Prizes can be credit prizes, the Mini, Minor or Major Jackpot or 10 Free Games. Free Games Feature The Free Games symbols will award the Free Games Feature. Land three Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 and the Free Games Feature is triggered with 10 Free Games and all wins x2. The Free Games Feature can be re-triggered. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except scatters. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Lightning Ball symbols. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and all pay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/14/2025