Jewels Match 3 Jewels match3 is an unique combination of a casual match3 game play with a chance to win after each move. .The game features Special Symbols that are created by the player. Main Game Try your chance in this hot 7-rows, 8-column match game. Create a match of 3 or more symbols of the same color by switching two non-diagonal neighboring symbols. Symbols in match explode and new symbols fall from the top into the game board. There are win values from 1 to 50 times the bet. Win Symbols: After every move, there is a chance for win symbols to drop onto the board. You gather win symbols by matching them with 2 or more of the same colour symbols or by hitting them with the explosion of a special symbol. Every win symbol gathered by you has its value added to your credit. Matching Symbols: Symbols fall onto the board from above. If 3 identical symbols form a vertical or horizontal match, they are cleared from the board. If 4 or 5 symbols can be aligned in one of the formations, they are cleared from the board and depending on the formation - additional special symbols are created. Special Symbols Cross Special Symbols: resemble the basic symbols in colour, but are marked with a special golden arrows. If they are combined with 2 or more symbols of the same colour, then they cause an explosion across the entire vertical column and horizontal line. This is how they are created: If you can clear a match of 4 identical symbols vertically or horizontally, then a cross special symbols is created. Combine Cross Special symbols by switching it with other Special Symbols for an additional effect. Bomb Special Symbols: can only be moved by one position in any direction. It doesn't matter if the target location is occupied by a basic, win or special symbol. The detonation of a bomb special symbol is caused simply by moving it.It clears up to 12 surrounding symbols. This is how they are created: If a match of 5 identical symbols in a L - or T - form is cleared from the board, a bomb special symbol is created in its wake. Combine Bomb Special symbols by switching it with other Special Symbols for an additional effect. Bell Special Symbols: can only be moved by one position in any direction. The swap can be with an adjacent basic, special or win symbol. When a bell special symbol is swapped with another basic symbol, all symbols of the same colour turn into bell special symbols and immediately explode. This is how they are created: If a horizontal or vertical match of 5 identical symbols is cleared from the board, a bell special symbol is created in its wake. Combine Bell Special symbols by switching it with other Special Symbols for an additional effect. Tutorial The tutorial shows how to play the game. The tutorial will explain the features of this game. After the tutorial, playing the free game is possible or a click on "START TO PLAY FOR MONEY" will skip the free game and go straight to the real money game. Rules Switch two neighboring symbols. Match 3 or more of the same symbols to explode them. Every move costs a bet. After every move Win Symbols might be added to the board. If 4 symbols of the same colour are matched (in line horizontally or vertically), a Cross Special Symbol is created. The Cross Special Symbol needs to match with 2 or more symbols of the same colour in order to be cleared from the board. If 5 symbols of the same colour are matched in a L or T shape, a Bomb Special Symbol is created. Bomb Special Symbols can be swapped in any direction, with any basic,- special,- or win symbol. If 5 symbols of the same colour in a row or column are matched, a Bell Special symbol is created. Bell Special Symbols can be swapped in any direction, with any basic,- special,- or win symbol. Combine Special symbols by switching them with each other for an additional effect. After every move, there is a chance for win symbols to drop onto the board. You gather win symbols by matching them with 2 or more symbols of the same colour or by hitting them with the explosion of a special symbol. Every win symbol gathered by you has its value added to your Credits The player can change the bet before every move (except tutorial). The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.37% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.