Goddess of Egypt GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type Win Ways™ played on 6 reels and one Extra Reel Theme Pyramids, Ancient Egypt, Goddess GAME FEATURES Win Ways™ Reel Refill™ Free Games Win multiplier PAYOUT Default maximum Win On single win way: 50 times total bet Hit Frequency (%) 36.64% Jackpot N/A Volatility Variations Variations(%) 88 90 92 94 95 96 97 Return (%) 88.05 90.04 92.13 94.05 95.11 96.17 97.08 RTP = 95.12% GAME DESIGN Game Theme and Graphics Try your chances in this amazing game - Goddess of Egypt™ and discover the secrets of Ancient Egypt. Follow the Goddess and your wins can be multiplied by a potentially unlimited win multiplier during Free Games. It is time to WIN! Main Game & Win Ways™ Goddess of Egypt™ is played across a main reel set and a horizontal Extra Reel. The game has 6 main reels. The Extra Reel has 4 symbols, each of which will be added to the reel directly below on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 respectively. Each main reel with the horizontal Extra Reel can contain up to 7 symbols. The maximum number of Win Ways is 117649 for each spin. Wins are awarded from left to right for adjacent symbols, except Bonus symbols. Reel Refill™ Feature All winning symbols (except Bonus symbols) involved in a winning combination explode and are replaced by new symbols. The new symbols are coming from above on the main reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. This will continue until no symbols are involved in a winning combination. If 3 or more Bonus symbols appear, Free Games are awarded at the end of the feature, when all the other symbols have exploded. Free Games & Win multiplier Are you lucky? Do you have 3 Bonus symbols? Great! You won 8 Free Games with an increasing win multiplier. Every +4 symbol awards you an additional 4 Free Games. All your wins during Free Games are multiplied by the potentially unlimited win multiplier. The win multiplier starts at one and increases by one after each Reel Refill™. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right for adjacent symbols, except Bonus symbols. 3 Bonus symbols in view trigger Free Games. Free Games can be won again during Free Games. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. During Free Games, Bonus symbols and +4 symbols appear only on the Extra Reel. Wild Symbols only appear on the Extra Reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/6/2023