Thunder Cash Dolphin's Pearl Game Theme and Graphics Spin this 5 reels slot and collect winnings from 10 available lines. While spinning, look after the scattered Pearl symbols. Try to collect as many Pearls as you can find and if you manage to collect them all - the Grand Jackpot is yours. While collecting the Pearls, you might find other Jackpots as well - you just have to keep spinning. Main Game Your goal is to land 5 Dolphin symbols on a win line, which will award you an immediate payout of 900x your bet. In the regular game, winning combinations begin on the left on the first reel and run along the win lines to the right. Land at least 3 identical symbols (exc ept 9, Ray and Lobster which need only 2) and your fiery winning streak will start! Lock and Spin Feature 4 Jackpots can be won in Thunder Cash™- Dolphin's Pearl™. To stand a chance of cracking them, you have to collect at least 6 Pearl symbols in the base game. If you manage to do this, you will enter the Lock and Spin Feature with 3 Free Spins. This Feature will lock down your collected Pearls from the base game and will check for any new Pearls appearing during each Free Spin. In case a new Pearl is found, the Free Spins counter will be reset back to 3 and your journey will continue. Once all Free Spins are used up - the Free Spins counter reached 0 or the Grand Jackpot has been won, the Feature will end and pay out all the values on the collected Pearls - including Jackpots; in case their names appeared on any collected Pearl. Rules All pays are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. All wins on selected lines, except Scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by credits bet per line. Wild symbol multiplies its line wins by 2. Jackpot Pearls appear during the game. 6 or more collected Pearls trigger the Lock and Spin Feature, which might result in reaching all of the Jackpots. Each new collected Pearl during the Lock and Spin Feature, resets the Free Spins counter back to 3. Lock and Spin Feature pays out all the winnings at the end and ignores all symbols besides Pearls. Malfunction voids all pays and play Last modification date: 11/22/2022