Welcome Fortune Game Theme and Graphics Big fortunes can be found in Choy's lucky scrolls! Main Game Play 25 lines. The Hold and Respin feature is won with 6 or more SCROLLs. The Free Games feature is won with 3 or more JADE COINS. GRAND or MAJOR may be won randomly during games that don't trigger free games or the hold and respin feature. Scroll Prizes SCROLL appear during bought games and hold and respin features. BIG SCROLL appears during free games only SCROLL can have the following prizes: MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or 100, 50, 25, 15, 10, 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 x total bet as shown on screen. BIG SCROLL can have the following prizes: MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or 100, 75, 60, 50, 40, 30, 25, 15, 10, 5 x total bet as shown on screen. Only 1 MAJOR or 100 x total bet can be won per Hold and Respin feature. Minor is 50 x total bet as shown on screen. Mini is 10 x total bet as shown on screen. Free Games Feature The free games feature is triggered with 3 or more scattered JADE COIN during bought games. 10 free games are awarded with 3 reels. The middle reel has BIG symbols that cover a 9 symbol positions. 3 additional free games are won when BIG JADE COIN appears on the middle reel. The Hold and Respin feature is triggered when BIG SCROLL appears on the middle reel. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Hold and Respin Feature 6 or more SCROLL or 1 BIG SCROLL wins the Hold and Respin feature. All SCROLL or BIG SCROLL are held and 3 respins are awarded. BIG SCROLL counts as 9 SCROLL held. If at least 1 more SCROLL appears, then they are held and the number of respins remaining resets to 3. The Hold and Respin feature ends when no more respins remain or 15 SCROLL are held. All prizes on SCROLL and BIG SCROLL are paid at the end of the Hold and Respin feature. The GRAND jackpot is won if 15 SCROLL are held. Respins are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Rules 25 lines are played CHOY substitutes for all symbols except for JADE COINS and SCROLL symbols to help complete winning combinations. CHOY appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during bought games. CHOY appears on reels 2 and 3 during free games. All pays are for wins of left to right, except Scatters, which pay any. All wins multiplied by bet multiplier, except Scatters which are multiplied by the total bet. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter win, progressives, scroll prizes and line wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and pay Last modification date: 3/28/2023