Diamond Cash: Mighty Cleopatra Game Theme and Graphics Embark on an epic adventure to an Egypt full of riches with Diamond Cash™: Mighty Cleopatra – the new addition to the Diamond Cash™ series, featuring the mighty Cleopatra, her heavy hitting swords, a new Diamond that sends wins Berserk and of course, the beloved Diamond Cash™ Feature! Main Game Diamond Cash™: Mighty Cleopatra is played on 5 reels and 3 rows, with 25 lines always in play. Land any 6 Diamonds in one spin to enter the epic Diamond Cash™ Feature. When you find just 5 Diamonds, a free re-spin will give you a thrilling second chance to find the 6th Diamond and unleash legendary rewards. Watch out for the Bronze and Silver Swords that can land any time a Blue Diamond is on the reels and boost your winnings with instant win payouts! Bronze Sword - When this weapon strikes a Blue Diamond, the Diamond's value is paid to you instantly. Moreover, if the Bronze Sword hits a Berserker, it enhances its multiplier by +1 for that spin. Silver Sword - When this weapon strikes a Blue Diamond, it multiplies the Blue Diamond's value by 2 and pays the new value to you instantly. If the Silver Sword hits a Berserker Diamond, it enhances its multiplier by +1 for that spin. Berserker Diamond - Berserker Diamonds do not appear with a value on them, they appear with a x2 multiplier. Appearing randomly, it may join the 5 Diamond Respin, potentially triggering the Diamond Cash™ Feature. If either the Bronze or Silver Sword symbols hits a Berserker Diamond symbol, +1 is added to the Berserker Diamond's multiplier for that spin. Diamond Cash™ Feature Enjoy the Diamond Cash™ Feature mechanic with 3 Free Spins, resetting each time any new Diamond lands. Watch for the Berserker Diamond to double Pink Diamond values with its lightning, and the Golden Sword to ensure lightning strike hits for massive rewards! It's also the place where the Mighty Cleopatra awards her mighty Jackpots. Land the Mini, Minor or Major Golden Diamonds anywhere on the reels to be paid them at the end of the feature. Fill up all 15 positions of the reel with any combinations of Diamonds to secure your place in Egypt with the Grand Jackpot. Berserker Diamond Experience the thrill of the Berserker Diamond in the Diamond Cash™ Feature! Starting with a x2 multiplier, or x3 if hit by a sword in the triggering spin, this Diamond unleashes lightning bolts at random positions on the reel with every new Diamond that lands. Each strike on a Pink Diamond will multiply its value by the multiplier on the Berserker Diamond up to a massive 1000x per Pink Diamond. What's more, if the Berserker Diamond hits itself, it adds +1 to its multiplier, meaning this Diamond can send the winnings of the Diamond Cash™ Feature absolutely berserk. Golden Sword In the Diamond Cash™ Feature, brace yourself for the Golden Sword's mighty impact! Randomly hurled onto the reels, this sword stays fixed for the duration of the feature. If a Berserker Diamond is present, it unleashes lightning bolts at the Golden Sword whenever new Diamonds land. If the player has the luck of the gods and a Pink Diamond is on the same position as the Golden Sword, it means that Pink Diamond's value will be multiplied every time a new Diamond lands on the reel set Streak Meter The Streak Meter is a visual aspect of the game and does not have an effect on the player's total bet or outcome of the game. If the player returns to the game within a 24 - 48 hour period, the streak meter is updated. The Streak Meter is only updated the first time the player returns to the game within the 24-48 hour window. Rules Base Game The ‘Wild’ symbol substitutes all other symbols except Diamonds. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive. Scatter wins pay anywhere in view. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Diamond Cash™ Feature The Diamond Cash™ Feature is played using the same bet as the spin which triggered it. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are payed out at the end of the Feature. Gamble The gamble option is disabled by default. When offered, it is limited to the max possible gamble amount defined by the operator. Last modification date: 7/24/2025