Lucky Spin Jackpots Game Theme and Graphics All the stars align for great rewards in ™. This 5 reel slot and 243 Lucky Spin Jackpots different ways to win, sparkles with luck and boasts three exciting Features. Firstly, a 4 level jackpot with a hold and spin feature. Collect Stars during the jackpot feature spins to increase your credits and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. If the screen is filled with stars the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Secondly, in the Stacked Wild feature, get a full stack of wild Hearts on screen and the "Bonus Prize" selection is triggered. Thirdly, a Free Games feature with at a chance to re-trigger! Main Game With Free Games, Wild Stacks and a Jackpot Stars feature game, this slot is sure to help you get into the party mood. Your aim in ™ is to land 5 Lucky Spin Jackpots identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. Feature Free games Feature The Bonus symbol reveals the path to the Free Games round. Land three Bonus symbols on reels 1,3 and 5 and the Free Games Feature is triggered with 10 Free Games ALL WINS x2. Free Games can be re-triggered. Stacked Wild with Bonus Prizes Land 3 wild Heart symbols stacked in full view on reels 2 or 4 to trigger the Bonus Prize feature. A Wild Stack on reel 2 or reel 4 will display 3 hearts with one player selection, Wild Stacks on both reels 2 and 4 will reveal 6 gifts with two player selections. The Bonus Prizes can be credit prizes of up to 10x total bet, a Jackpot award or 10 Free Games. Lucky Spin Jackpots Feature Look out for the magical shooting star, when it appears on the screen get ready for epic wins. 6 or more Star symbols appearing anywhere on screen triggers the Lucky Star Spins Jackpots Feature. The triggering Star symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Star lands on the reels the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Stars are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is filled with Stars. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on the screen are filled with Stars. Star prizes can award, Major Maxi, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 15x total bet. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Stars. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and allpay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP:95.18% The maximum win from a single game is £239.920 - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 5/18/2020