Starlight Jackpots - Captain's Catch Game Theme and Graphics Lets go fishing! Come and see what lies in the deep in Starlight Jackpots™ Captain's Catch™. Watch on as the Captain helps you win prizes above and below the waves. Main Game The base game consists of 5 reels which are all 3 high. The paying mechanic is all ways pays creating 243 ways to win. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2,3,4 & 5. Burst any of the two nets with Golden Fish, landing on reels 1 and 5 to trigger Free Games, with a chance to win a Starlight Jackpot™. Cash Collections Land a Collector symbol to trigger the collect feature. All cash values in view are collected and awarded More than one Collector symbol can land per game. Collector can only land on reels 1 & 5 in both the base game and free games, and all 5 enhanced reels in Free Games. Cash symbols can appear on all reels but not enhanced reels in Free Games. Small fish cash values can be up to x9 total bet. Medium fish cash values can be between x10 and x50 total bet and over. Large fish values can be x100 total bet and over. Cash symbol values are x0.5, x1.0, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x3.5 x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50, x100, x250 and multiply the current total bet. Free Games When a Golden Fish lands on the reels it will be added to a net. When a Golden Fish is added to a net the catch size may randomly increase and randomly burst the net. Bursting a net awards 5 Free Games. Both nets can burst at the same time awarding 10 Free Games Each time a net has burst, and Free Games have been completed, the net is repaired, and the catch is returned to its lowest level. Whenever a +1 Free Games symbol lands 1 additional Free Game is awarded. Land an Octopus symbol on the regular reels to unlock the Enhanced Reel directly above. The Octopus symbol can only land on the regular reels during Free Games. Collector symbol can appear on all 5 enhanced reels in Free Games. Captain collector wins can be multiplied by landing a multiplier symbol on an enhanced reel if the reel is unlocked. If more than one multiplier symbol lands in view they are added together before multiplying a Captain Collector win. Multipliers can multiply Captain Collector Wins. Free Games are played at the base game Total Bet. Wheel awards multiplier and extra Free Games Starlight Jackpots™ Starlight Jackpots™ can only be won in Free Games. Collect 3 stars per pot to win a jackpot. Grand Jackpot value is 1000x base game Total Bet, and 0.125% of every stake goes directly into the Grand Jackpot. Major Jackpot value is 200x base game Total Bet, and 0.375% of every stake goes directly into the Major Jackpot. Minor Jackpot value is 25x base game Total Bet. Mini Jackpot value is 10x base game Total Bet. Grand and Major jackpots can only be won once per bonus. Mini and Minor jackpots can be won more than once per bonus. Rules Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. All prizes are for combinations left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. The leftmost reel is reel 1, the rightmost reel is reel 5. All prizes are for combinations of a kind. Wins are only paid for combinations on selected ways, unless stated otherwise. Only the highest win per way and per scatter combination is paid. Scatter wins and way are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP - 94.11% Last modification date: 2/13/2026