25 Red Hot Burning Clover Link Game Theme and Graphics Welcome to APEX Red Hot Burning Clover Link Edition! It is a 25 lines, 5 reels / 3 rows game. Don't miss out on your chance to hit 2 jackpots. In the Clover Link Edition you can enter the CLOVER FEATURE by hitting 5 or more Clovers. Collect as many Clovers as you can while in the CLOVER FEATURE and get a great credits reward. Main Game The aim of Red Hot Burning Clover Link is to line up five identical symbols next to each other from left to right across 5 fixed win lines. A minimum combination of two or three matching symbols starting from the leftmost reel pays out. The Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 and expands across the reel to substitute all symbols except the Scatter to form winning combinations. There are two Scatter symbols in this game, the Star symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5, while the Dollar Scatter appears on all reels. If the Bonus Star is triggered, you can select one of the Star-symbols and win x25-x75 the total bet. Besides the Bonus Star Feature you have a chance to enter the CLOVER FEATURE, where you have 3 spins to collect as many clovers as possible. With every new clover, while in the CLOVER FEATURE, your respin count will be reset to 3. At the end of the CLOVER FEATURE all amounts on visible Clover Symbols will be added together and paid out. If there is a full screen of Clover Symbols the prize will be doubled, except a jackpot. There are 2 possible jackpots to win while in the main game and in the CLOVER FEATURE. Rules All prizes are for combinations of adjacent symbols of a kind on selected lines, except Scatters. All prizes are for combinations left to right, except Scatters. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per Scatter combination. Scatter symbols pay at any position on screen. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Scattered 'Star' symbols appear on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reel only. Select one 'Star' symbol and get a x25 - x75 multiplier to the total bet. Wild symbols appear on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th reel only and substitute for all symbols on the same reel, except Scatters. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 5 or more scattered clovers of any color trigger the CLOVER FEATURE with 3 respins. The clovers that triggered the CLOVER FEATURE are held and all other positions are re-spun. Appearing new clovers during the CLOVER FEATURE are also held and the number of remaining re-spins is reset to 3. The CLOVER FEATURE ends when either no re-spins are remaining or when the screen is fully filled with clovers. All visible prizes on clovers are awarded at the end of the CLOVER FEATURE. All CLOVER FEATURE games are played with triggering bet and lines. A Full screen of 15 clovers during the CLOVER FEATURE doubles all visible prizes, including the MINI and MINOR bonus, but excluding the GRAND and MAJOR JACKPOT. Golden Clover Symbols can appear multiple times during the base game and CLOVER FEATURE. Pays only during the CLOVER FEATURE. Available prize multipliers are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x50 and x100 of total bet. Grand Jackpot Clover appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the base game and CLOVER FEATURE. Pays immediately when it appears on all three reels. If only one or two GRAND symbols appear during the CLOVER FEATURE they will transform into clovers with prize multipliers. Major Jackpot Clover appears only once per base game or CLOVER FEATURE. Pays immediately upon appearing. Mini or Minor Clover can appear multiple times during the base game and CLOVER FEATURE. Pays only during the CLOVER FEATURE. Pays each time it appears on screen during the CLOVER FEATURE. Last modification date: 9/27/2022