Creepy Candy GAME RULES This page contains information on how to play this game. Please scroll down to read through all topics. Getting started This game is a game for one player - the gameplay of other players does not affect yours. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the application. Playing You choose the total bet per round via the "Total Bet" button. The minimum bet per round is $0.20. The maximum bet per round is $ 20 000.00. The "Start" button begins a round of play. Each round is independent of previous rounds. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. When you start a round, the bet is deducted from the balance you've paid in. At the end of a round, the console displays your win, if any. Cluster Pays The game is played on 7 reels and 7 rows with cluster pay mechanics. Autoplay Clicking on "Auto" will bring up the Autoplay-dialogue where you can configure the following options before starting the automatic spins: The number of rounds you want Autoplay to be active. The loss limit at which Autoplay should stop. The win limit at which Autoplay should stop after meeting or exceeding it. By clicking "OK", you start the automatic spins with the chosen configuration. If "Autoplay" is activated the button label becomes green. Clicking it again stops the automatic spins. Autoplay stops automatically when the total bet is higher than your current funds. Autoplay stops automatically when a feature is awarded. Winnings Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A cluster is made of symbols of a kind that are connected horizontally or vertically to each other. Each cluster has to include at least 5 symbols to count as a win. Only the highest win per cluster and per scatter combination is paid. The maximum win for Creepy Candy is 5000x the player's total bet. Bonus and Multiplier symbols Ghost symbol represents the Scatter. 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the grid trigger the Free Games Feature. Winning combination of Scatter symbols is animated when there are no more possible tumbles or wins. Whenever a winning combination is achieved, the position of all symbols that were part of winning combination are highlighted with spider web. If another win is achieved on any of positions, they each turn into a x2 Multiplier which doubles with every further win combination achieved in those positions during the same spin. The maximum Multiplier per position is x128. The Multiplier applies to all winning combinations it is part of. If multiple Multipliers are part of a win, they are added together. Once there are no more possible wins, the spin ends and all Multipliers are removed from the grid in the base game. During the Free Games, Multipliers on highlighted positions remain on the grid throughout the entire feature. With each Free Game, they can be further increased, up to x128 each. The maximum win for Creepy Candy is 5000x the player's total bet. RTP Range The theoretical RTP (return to player) value for this game is 95.01%. The RTP for each Buy Bonus combination are as follows: Free Games - 95.06%. Super Free Games - 95.00%. The theoretical RTP is calculated as total win/total bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The actual RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Connection Loss In case you lose your network connection, the game will proceed to complete the current round of play automatically after a delay of 2 hours absence from the game. If you reconnect into the game earlier, you are able to continue playing the current round. If this round contains multiple spins (e.g. free games feature), the game will determine your winnings based on the game's expected win values. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME FEATURES Tumble Feature The game utilizes the tumbling feature, which means that whenever a winning combination is achieved during a spin, the value according to the paytable for those winning symbols is paid to the player, and they are removed from the grid. The remaining symbols tumble to the bottom of the screen and the empty positions are filled with new symbols tumbling down. This continues until no more wins are achieved and the spin ends. - All wins are added to the player's balance after the spin has ended. Free Games Free Games are triggered by landing 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 Scatter symbols anywhere on the screen, you can win 10, 12, 15, 20 or 30 Free Games respectively. The Free Games can be re-triggered by landing 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 Scatter symbols during the Free Games, you can win 10, 12, 15, 20 or 30 more Free Games respectively. The maximum win for Creepy Candy is 5000x the player's total bet. When the player reaches it, all wins, whether from the same round, or subsequent ones in the Free Games Feature, which must be played to the end, are void, after which the player is awarded the Max Win. Free Games are played using the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Buy Bonus Feature There are two Buy Bonus options that the player can buy during the base game. Free Games: For 100x their bet the player can instantly trigger the Free Games. Super Free Games: For 500x their bet the player can trigger the Super Free Games Feature. During the Super Free Games, all positions on the grid already start out with a x2 Multiplier. The amount of Free Games awarded is determined randomly by the number of Scatters landing. A minimum of 3 Scatters is guaranteed to land and it is possible to land up to 7 Scatters. The price of this spin is displayed in the Buy Bonus pop-up window and will be deducted from your balance right after the activation. Gamble With your current stake, a maximum of $500.00 can be bet while in the gamble feature. For higher wins or during autoplay, the gamble feature is not available. The feature game win of a Free Games Feature is awarded directly and cannot be gambled. Any base game wins that coincide with a Free Games Feature trigger are part of the feature game win and cannot be gambled. Paytable & Info The paytable lists the symbols, winning combinations and payouts of the game. The paytable always shows the prizes for the currently selected bet. It consists of multiple pages which can be accessed by using the arrow buttons. Replay Help With the replay option you are able to rewatch your previous rounds. For an overview about the controls in replay mode find details in the user interface table above. This button displays the ingame help. Exiting the game You can exit the game at the end of each round. Last modification date: 10/15/2025