Wish upon a Star Game Theme and Graphics 'Tis the season to be jolly – and Christmas can be made a whole lot jollier in Wish upon ™. This slot is a real cracker with 5 reels and 243 different ways to win. a Star You will really get into the festive mood with 3 exciting Features. Firstly, a 4 level jackpot with a hold and spin feature. Collect golden stars during the jackpot feature spins to increase you credits and a chance to collect Jackpot bonuses. If the screen is filled with stars the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Secondly, a sack full of Santas gifts are waiting for you in the Stacked Wild feature, get a full stack of Wild gifts on screen and the "Bonus Prize" selection is triggered. Thirdly, a Free Games feature with at a chance to re-trigger or be awarded with more Wild Stacks within the Free Games. Main Game With Free Games, Wild Stacks and a Jackpot Stars feature game, this Redline Games slot is sure to help you get into the festive mood. Your aim in ™ is to Wish upon a Star land 5 identical symbols on one of the 243 winning paths running from left to right. With special treats like candy canes, jingle bells, and presents overflowing with goodies it will be sure to offer plenty of holiday cheer. Features Free games Feature The Bonus symbol reveals the path to the Free Games round. Land three Bonus symbols on reels 1,3 and 5 and the Free Games Feature is triggered with 10 Free Games which can be re-triggered. Stacked Wild with Bonus Prizes Come along and join the excitement to get in on Santa’s surprises, Stacked Wild symbols will make the season bright. Land 3 wild symbols stacked in full view on reels 2 or 4 to reveal with a Bonus Prize feature. A Wild Stack on reel 2 or more tinselly treasure reel 4 will display 3 gifts with one player selection, Wild Stacks on both reels 2 and 4 will reveal 6 gifts with two player selections. The Bonus Prizes can be credit prizes, a Jackpot award or 10 Free Games. Wish Upon a Star Jackpots Feature Look out for the magical shooting star, when it appears on the screen get ready for festiv ,e fun here 6 or more Star symbols appearing anywhere on screen triggers the Wish upon a Star Jackpots Feature. Any Star symbols are held and 3 bonus spins are awarded for all other symbol positions. Each time a new Star lands on the reels the bonus spins counter is reset to 3. All prizes on Stars are paid at the conclusion of the bonus spins, or if the screen is filled with Stars. The Grand Jackpot is awarded if all positions on the screen are filled with Stars. Star prizes can award, Major Maxi, Minor or Mini Jackpots or up to 15 x total bet. Rules All prizes are for combinations of a kind. All prizes are for combinations left to right. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters and Stars. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins and allpay wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.18%. Last modification date: 12/28/2021