Bank or Prank Main Game Try you chances in this hot 5 reel, 3 row video slot game that is packed with 243 possible winning combinations.The colorful reels are filled with images of money, bombs, bankers, jokers, and special Wild symbols. Game Features include a Mystery Reward and a Crazy Wild Game. Wild symbols can substitute for all regular symbols to complete winning combinations. In the regular game, Wild symbols are on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Mystery Reward The Mytery symbols bonus is triggered when all three Mystery symbols have been collected during a game. When a Mystery symbol lands on one of the rows on reel 1, the corresponding Mystery symbol container on the left side of the reel will light up and that Mystery symbol will be saved. When all three Mystery symbols have been collected, a Mystery Reward will be awarded. Mystery symbols are on reel 1 only. Crazy Wild Game The Crazy Wild Game will be triggered when all three Crazy Wild symbols have been collected during a game. When a Carzy Wild symbol lands on one of the rows on reel 5, the corresponding Crazy Wild container on the right side of the reel will light up and that Crazy Wild symbol will be saved. When all three Crazy Wild symbols have been collected, 10 Free Spins will be awarded. Crazy Wildsymbols are on reel 5 only. At the beginning of each Free Spin, Wild symbols will appear and lock into place at random positions on the reels, giving more chances at hitting winning combinations. In the Crazy Wild Game, Wild symbols can appear at any position on all of the reels (1, 2, 3, 4 and 5). After all the Free Spins have been played, the total winnings will be awarded. Bomb Symbols When a Bomb symbol lands on a row with a previously collected Crazy Wild or Mystery symbol, the Crazy Wild or Mystery symbol will be lost. Bomb symbols are on reel 1 and 5 only. Rules This game is packed with 243 possible winning combinations. Winning combinations are combinations of three, four, or five symbols that must start on reel 1, and must be located on adjacent reels. The symbols in a winning combination can be scattered anywhere on the consecutive reels. For a winning combination of five matching symbols, one symbol ‘x’ must be located on each of the five different reels. There is a maximum of 243 (3x3x3x3x3) winning combinations possible,which is achieved when the same symbol lands on all of the positions on all of the reels. It is possible to get multiple winning combinations on a spin from different symbols. If multiple winning combinations land on a win line, only the highest winning combination pays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.78%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/16/2020