Diamond Cash Mighty Emperor Diamond Cash Mighty Emperor GAME RULES This page contains information on how to play this game. Please scroll down to read through all topics. Getting started This game is a game for one player - the gameplay of other players does not affect yours. Each game starts when you place a bet and ends when you leave the application. Playing You choose the total bet per round via the "Total Bet" button The minimum bet per round is $0.25. The maximum bet per round is $ 100.00. The "Start" button begins a round of play. Each round is independent of previous rounds. All game outcomes are independent and randomly determined. When you start a round, the bet is deducted from the balance you've paid in. At the end of a round, the console displays your win, if any. Win Lines This game has 5 reels and 25 win lines. You can find an overview of the win line pattern via "Paytable & Info". Autoplay Clicking on "Auto" will bring up the Autoplay-dialogue where you can configure the following options before starting the automatic spins: - The number of rounds you want Autoplay to be active. The loss limit at which Autoplay should stop. The win limit at which Autoplay should stop after meeting or exceeding it. By clicking "OK", you start the automatic spins with the chosen configuration. If "Autoplay" is activated the button label becomes green. Clicking it again stops the automatic spins. Autoplay stops automatically when the total bet is higher than your current funds. Autoplay stops automatically when a feature is awarded. Winnings Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. The leftmost reel is reel 1, the rightmost reel is reel 5. All wins start on the leftmost reel and are for combinations of a kind, consecutive from left to right on selected lines, except scatters. Highest win only paid on each selected line and per scatter combination. Scatter wins and line wins are added. The possible prize values that can be displayed on the Diamond symbol are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 15, 20 or 100 multiplied by total bet. RTP Range The theoretical RTP (return to player) value for this game is 95.00 %. The theoretical RTP is calculated as total win/total bet over a large number of games played and reflects the prizes awarded by a game as a percentage of all bets made. The actual RTP can vary widely in either direction for a small number of games due to statistical variance. Connection Loss In case you lose your network connection, the game will proceed to complete the current round of play automatically after a delay of 24 hours absence from the game. If you reconnect into the game earlier, you are able to continue playing the current round. This includes all settings such as number of lines and bet. If this round contains multiple spins (e.g. free games feature), the game will determine your winnings based on the game's expected win values. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME FEATURES The Diamond CashTM Feature starts with 3 Free Spins. Free Spins are played using the same bet as the base spin. The Free Spins counter is reset back to 3 with each new Diamond Symbol appearing anywhere on the reels. All Diamond Symbols are sticky/locked in place until the end of the feature. Any numeric value on a Diamond symbol will be paid out at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature. Diamond Symbols landing on a "Golden" highlight, will be duplicated act as 2 identical symbols landing in separate positions. Wild Spin" Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature trigger the Wild Spin Feature (at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature). Sticky Spin" Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature trigger the Sticky Spin Feature (at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature). Colossal Spin" Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature trigger the Colossal Spin Feature (at the enc of the Diamond CashTM Feature). Mini/Minor/Major Jackpot" Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature trigger corresponding jackpot payout at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature. All 15 positions filled with Diamonds during the Diamond CashTM Feature triggers the Grand Jackpot. Wild Spin Feature Each "Wild Spin" Diamond symbol appearing anywhere on the reels during the Diamond CashTM Feature triggers 1 Free Spin for the Wild Spin Feature (at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature). Each spin in this feature results in a winning combination. During the spin, a random number of Wild symbols will be added to random symbol positions replacing any symbols beneath them. The Wild Spin feature cannot be re-triggered. Wild Spin Feature winnings (after the last spin) will be added to the total Diamond CashTM Feature win. Sticky Spin Feature Each "Sticky Spin" Diamond symbol appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature triggers 1 Free Spin for the Sticky Spin Feature (at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature). Each spin in this feature results in a winning combination. All winning symbols are locked in place and additional re-spins are granted until no new winning symbols appear (which are locked in place as well) or until all symbol positions get locked. The Sticky Spin feature cannot be re-triggered. Sticky Spin Feature winnings (after the last spin) will be added to the total Diamond CashTM Feature win. Colossal Spin Feature Each "Colossal Spin" Diamond symbol appearing anywhere on the reels in the Diamond CashTM Feature triggers 1 Free Spin for the Colossal Spin Feature (at the end of the Diamond CashTM Feature). Each spin in this feature results in a winning combination. The Colossal Spin feature cannot be re-triggered. Colossal Spin Feature winnings (after the last spin) will be added to the total Diamond CashTM Feature win Jackpots 1.0% of every stake goes directly into the jackpots. Players playing the maximum stake will be eligible to win the total jackpot. Lower staking players will win a proportion of the total jackpot relative to the stake placed. The amount you are eligible to win will be shown in the jackpot bank. When some or all of a jackpot is won, it is reset to the base win for your stake, plus the current total contributions you are eligible to win. It is not possible for two players to win the jackpot simultaneously. In instances of apparent simultaneous wins, the games are time-stamped and the first player to trigger the win is awarded the jackpot. Subsequent players will win the reseeded jackpot, plus any new contributions. Each progressive jackpot is a prize pool exclusively containing the accumulation of all respective player contributions. For each prize combination (progressive and base win prize), the game displays the potential win value equal to the sum of the available progressive jackpot on the current stake plus the base win prize. When a progressive jackpot is won, the respective winnings are taken from the progressive jackpot prize pool and awarded to the winning player. Any remaining winnings are available for subsequent progressive wins, plus any new contributions. There is no ceiling value for the jackpots. In case this game is withdrawn from our offer, your jackpot contribution will be transferred to other certified games with similar jackpots. Each jackpot is the sum of its base win plus the contributions from all players to this jackpot. Once a linked jackpot win has been achieved, it is no longer possible to win another linked jackpot within the same feature. Gambling With your current stake, a maximum of $ 500.00 can be bet while gambling. Gambling is not possible for higher wins. During autoplay gambling is not possible. Gambling is not possible after a jackpot win. Any base game wins coincide with a Diamond CashTM Feature trigger are part of the Feature game win and cannot be gambled. The Feature game win of Wild Spin, Sticky Spin and Colossal Spin is added to the Diamond CashTM Feature win and cannot be gambled. The Feature game win of a Diamond CashTM Feature is awarded directly and cannot be gambled. Last modification date: 11/1/2023