Charming Lady Win Ways DISCLAIMER All information printed in this document is subject to change without notice. Although care has been used when compiling the information contained in this document, Greentube Slovakia s.r.o. takes no responsibility for any reliance on the information's accuracy. Preciseness of information may also vary subject to specific market requirements and/or legislation. About Charming Lady™ - Win Ways™ GENERAL INFORMATION Game Type - Video Slot, 6 reels, Win Ways™ Theme - Lucky, Charming GAME FEATURES - Win Ways™ Free Games Multiplier PAYOUT Default maximum Win - On single win way: 5 times total bet Hit Frequency (%) - Approx. 28% Jackpot - N/A Game Theme and Graphics Are you looking for luck? Then the charms of the Charming Lady is your good luck fairy. Charming Lady will open the gates to a world of wins, that can be multiplied. Main Game Charming Lady™ Win Ways™ is played on 6 reels. 2-7 symbols may appear on each reel. A winning path (Win Ways™) is created when a combination of identical symbols starting on the leftmost reel appears. The number of Win Ways™ is up to 117649 for each spin. Winnings are awarded from left to right for adjacent symbols, except Scatter symbols. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols except the Scatter symbol and may only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Free Games 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols trigger 15, 20, 25 or 30 Free Games. These Free Games are played on different reels as the base game. Scatter symbols are not present on the reels during the Free Games, Free Games cannot be re-triggered. During Free Games any Wild substituting in winning combination may multiply winnings by x2 or x3. If 2 or more Wilds are part of one winning combination, the multipliers for this combination multiply each other. The highest combined multiplier is x81. Rules All prizes are for combinations left to right for adjacent symbols, except Scatter symbols. 3 or more Scatter symbols in view trigger Free Games. Free Games can not be won again during Free Games. Free Games are played with the same bet as the spin which triggered them. Wild Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/14/2025