100/1 Roulette Getting Started: 100 to 1 Roulette is a roulette game with 105 potential outcomes for each spin of the wheel. Several different bet types are available. How to play: The Total stake is displayed at all times. Set your bet Place chips on the table by selecting the position on the table that represents the bet you wish to place. Chip values can be changed using the chip panel below the table. Bets can be placed on numerous positions on the table. For example, to place a split bet, select the position in-between two numbers on the table. Pressing Repeat Bet will repeat the chip placement from the previous game. Pressing Clear All Bets or Clear Last Bet will remove any bets placed in error. Start the game Select 'BET' to start your game. How do you win? A win is awarded if the ball lands on a number on the wheel which corresponds to any bets placed on the table. Once the ball has landed, any winnings are paid and the chips are cleared. The previous results of the roulette wheel spin are displayed above the betting table. Awards are detailed in the pay table. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Turbo Mode: Press the Turbo Spin button during a game to skip the wheel spin. Important Points: Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: RTP is between 92.86% and 96.19% based on betting strategy. Last modification date: 2/25/2021