10X Fortune How to Play Wilds Free Games If appears on the first 3 positions of a line, 10 Free Games or more are initiated. If no multiplier is present on reel 4 of the bonus triggering line, 10 Free Games are awarded.If a multiplier is present on reel 4 of the bonus triggering line, the number of Free Games awarded is multiplied by the reel 4 multiplier. Free Games can be retriggered in the same way during the Free Games Bonus, with the multiplier potentially affecting the number of Free Games awarded. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, lines played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multi plier: The bet multi plier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 95.68%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/6/2022