12 Bells The game has 12 independent reels on a 3x4 grid. There are no regular symbols in the base game and prizes can only be won in the Hold the Jackpot™ or 12 Bells Bonus Game. When the 12 Bells Matrix is full, the 12 Bells Bonus Game is activated. Drawing 4 Bonus symbols of any type on the middle row of the reels activates the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. The maximum win amount is 750x bet. SPECIAL FEATURES 12 BELLS MATRIX When a Bell symbol appears on a reel, it is saved on an empty corresponding field in the 12 Bells Matrix. Once the 12 Bells Bonus Game has been played, the 12 Bells Matrix is cleared. However, if any Cash Infinity™ symbol remains on the reels, then a Bell symbol is added to the corresponding field in the 12 Bells Matrix. 12 BELLS BONUS GAME 3 CLICKS 2 GRAND™ - When the 12 Bells Bonus Game is triggered, choose 3 of 12 gates to reveal your prizes. The chosen gates can reveal Bells Mystery, Bells Jackpot Mystery, Multiplier, Cash, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND Jackpot symbols. All prizes are collected on the Total Win counter. Bells Mystery symbol can only transform into Cash, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND Jackpot symbols. Bells Jackpot Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND Jackpot symbols. Bells Mystery and Bells Jackpot Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. The Multiplier counter has an initial value of 1x. Multiplier symbols with values of 1-9x increase the Multiplier counter by their value. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of prizes collected on the Total Win counter multiplied by Multiplier counter, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Revealing the GRAND symbol awards the GRAND Jackpot of 750x player's bet, which is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. CASH INFINITY™ Cash Infinity™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All sticky Cash Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. The Cash Infinity™ symbol can only be drawn on a given reel if a Bell symbol was previously drawn on that reel and saved in the 12 Bells Matrix. Cash Infinity™ symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-10x player's bet. However, the prize will be paid at the end of the Bonus Game. If the Cash Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the middle row of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Cash Infinity™ symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and Volatility Level™ and only appear on the bet level and Volatility Level™ they were obtained on. HOLD THE JACKPOT™ BONUS GAME All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-5x player's bet. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and multiplies them randomly by 1-20x. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, apart from Cash Infinity™ symbols. Jackpot Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols.Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game Collecting all 12 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 750x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game is played at the same bet level and Volatility Level™ as the spin that activated the bonus. CHANCE LEVEL™ The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: Chance Level™ x2 – the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and the 12 Bells Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x5 - the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you a 5x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and the 12 Bells Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x10 - the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you a 10x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and the 12 Bells Bonus Game. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet in both the base game and the Bonus Game. Sticky symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing Chance Level™ and only appear on the Chance Level™ they were obtained on. Extreme and Double Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and 12 Bells Bonus Game can be activated on Extreme or Double Extreme Volatility, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels™. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.15% GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. Each draw is independent of the previous one and has the same probability of winning. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: USD 75000 Last modification date: 12/23/2025