1 Left Alive QUICK FACTS RTP 97.0% Max Win 4,134 x Bet (from 100 Billion simulated spins) Max Free Spins 700 Volatility High Average Spins To Win Any Win: 4.3 Big Win (15x): 95 Free Spins Bonus Win: 235 Epic Win (100x): 845 INTRODUCTION 1 Left Alive is a 5-reel, PLUS+WAYS™ slot created by 4ThePlayer.com. Featuring 1024 single ways + 32,768 PLUS+WAYS™ additional pay combinations! PLUS+WAYS™ is 4ThePlayer’s exclusive way of making slots more action packed without removing any big win potential. You get more wilds, stacked wilds and more wild bonus action with PLUS+WAYS™ vs Ways games. Like Ways, PLUS+WAYS™ removes paylines making it easier to see where the win is. A win is formed from consecutive symbols starting from the first reel. A single symbol on each reel awards a single win payout, any additional symbol found in the win awards an additional payout. 1 Left Alive also features retriggering Bloody Wild Free Spins, epic stacked wilds and 4ThePlayers unique BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. HOW TO PLAY The player chooses their bet amount using the + and – symbols above or below the spin button. All wins are multiplied by the bet. For details on win payouts see the game paytable. To play the game, the player presses the spin button - the largest button with 4 arrows. If playing on PC and if enabled from the game options menu, the space bar can be used to spin. When the spin stops winning symbols are highlighted. Wins pay from left to right except in the BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ where a win pays from top to bottom. BIG REEL Portrait Mode™ When playing on mobile in portrait, the player has the option of playing classic small reels or BIG REEL Portrait Mode™. This option enlarges the reels, stacks them on top of each other and spins them right to left and pays top to bottom. This maximizes the visual experience on the mobile without changing the game experience. This mode is only available in portrait mobile play, payouts and game features are unchanged. SYMBOLS FREE SPINS ZOMBIE HAND SCATTER 3 Zombie Hand Scatters on 2nd, 3rd and 4th reels will trigger 7 Free Spins in the Bloody Wilds Free Spins Bonus. SURVIVOR WILD The Survivor Wild symbol substitutes every symbol other than the Zombie Hand Scatter. A Wild win will both payout on it’s own and will also substitute for other symbols to form wins. BLOODY WILD FREE SPINS BONUS Bloody Wild Free Spins are triggered by 3 Zombie Hand scatters. The bet for the free spins will be set at the value that the free spins were triggered. 7 Free Spins are awarded. During Free Spins, Zombie Hand scatters can retrigger to award an extra 7 Free Spins. The maximum number of Free Spins is 700 – this can be achieved by repeatedly retriggering the Free Spins in the Free Spins bonus. When the bonus starts the player chooses a Zombie to attack from 4 biohazard choices. The most powerful Zombie for Free Spins wins is the Female Zombie, followed by Male Zombie, Crawler Zombie and then Zombie Hoard. During Free Spins if a spin contains both the Survivor Wild symbol and the chosen Zombie symbol this will trigger the Bloody Wilds feature! BLOODY WILDS FEATURE The Survivor Wild will shoot the chosen Zombie symbol, transforming it into a Bloody wild symbol. Bloody Wild symbols substitute for every symbol other than the Zombie Hand Scatter. Only a Survivor Wild can trigger Bloody Wilds feature, a Bloody Wild cannot trigger Bloody Wilds feature. On each spin a Bloody Wild will slide one position down the reels, until it slides off the bottom of the reels. HOW TO CALCULATE A WIN WITH PLUS+WAYS™ Just like standard Ways slots a win is formed from consecutive symbols regardless of height, from left to right, starting from the first reel. In Plus+Ways™ the first instance of a symbol on each reel creates a single win awarding a payout per the number of consecutive reels, each additional instance of the symbol found within the win awards an additional payout of the same amount. Payouts are multiplied by bet. For example a 3 of a kind Aces win is formed from 1 Ace on the 1st reel, 2 Aces on the 2nd reel and 3 Wilds on the 3rd reel. The first instance of an Ace on each reel and the first instance of the Wild which substitutes for an Ace on the 3rd reel pays a single 3 of a kind payout. In addition to the first instance on each reel there is 1 additional Ace on the 2nd reel, and 2 additional Wilds substituting for Aces on the 3rd reel, these pay a total of 3 additional 3 of a kind payouts. AUTOPLAY Autoplay allows the player to play without pressing spin. To open autoplay, press the autoplay button – the small button with 4 arrows and a play icon in the middle. The player has the option of choosing the number of spins, loss limit, and single win limit. The spins will automatically stop when the chosen number has completed or the loss limit or single win limit is hit. When the autoplay is active, the spin button becomes a stop button which displays the number of spins remaining. To stop autoplay spins, press the stop button. GAME OPTIONS MENU The game options menu (opened via the button with 3 horizontal lines) contains: Paytable – Displays the payouts for each symbol and description of the game features Sound – To disable/enable game sounds Space to Spin – Available on PC only, if enabled the player can press space to spin Game Rules – Opens this game rules GENERAL INFORMATION The English language version of the game rules prevails. If the game is interrupted during play, players can replay the game round after restarting the game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Version 1.0.95 Help last updated 17.10.2019 ENGLISH TERM TRANSLATION WILD WILD FREE SPINS FREE SPINS LAST FREE SPIN LAST FREE SPIN CONGRATULATIONS CONGRATULATIONS YOU WON YOU WON BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA BIG WIN MEGA BIG WIN EPIC BIG WIN EPIC BIG WIN 5 OF A KIND 5 OF A KIND The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/3/2020