1st Down Slot Introduction 1 st Down Slot is a 30 line, 5x3 slot game featuring an exciting 1 st Down Bonus, where players can watch their chosen team participate in drives to score touchdowns and field goals to achieve big wins. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 30 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins, except COIN, pay left to right across adjacent reels. COIN symbols pay per amount in view on the reels, regardless of win lines. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. WILD only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for all symbols except COIN. Features 1 st Down Bonus 5 or more COIN symbols on screen in any position triggers the 1 st DOWN BONUS. Each COIN displays one of the following bet multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x or 10x. Upon triggering the 1 st DOWN BONUS, the game will display the equivalent of “football drives” in a series of virtual sports clips. The current selected team is on offense for all drives of the 1 st DOWN BONUS. Each time the team on offense scores a touchdown, 6x the sum of the values on the COIN symbols is awarded. Each time the team on offense scores a field goal, 3x the sum of the values on the COIN symbols is awarded. The 1 st DOWN BONUS ends when the team on offense misses a field goal or throws an interception. Team Selection Upon entering the first time, the game will display a team selection screen. Selecting one of the teams themes the game to that team. The current selected team can be changed by pressing the “CHANGE TEAM” button when available. The current selected team is on offense for all drives of the 1 st DOWN BONUS. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the main game is 96.5%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.