1Can 2Can 1Can 2Can is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature, Wild Bonus and Scatter Bonus to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.25%. Game Rules Play 1 to 25 paylines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins pay from Left to Right on selected paylines only except SCATTER which pays any WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER 1CAN 2CAN WILD BONUS During any Base Game a Toucan may add WILD to 1 or more reels During any Free Game a Toucan may add up to 3 WILD to 1 or more reels 1CAN 2CAN SCATTER BONUS After any game a Toucan may add SCATTER to 1 or more of reels 2, 3 and 4. SCATTER pays are awarded after the 1CAN 2CAN Scatter Bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more SCATTER appear During any Free Game a Toucan may add up to 3 WILD to 1 or more reels Free Games can be retriggered during the Free Games Feature Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/28/2021