20p Slot Getting started 20p Slot is a 5 Win line, 3 reel slot game. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3 of a kind reel wins. Set your bet 20p Slot has 5 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Activate Fortune Bet to increase the bet and make the gold chip symbol wild All games are always played with 5 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 3 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the win lines. The game will award a mixed win for Gold Logo and Logo symbols. If a mixture of these two symbols appear in view on a win line, the game will award the Logo win. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Fortune Bet Fortune Bet can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. This increases the player’s current stake by 50% Any Gold Logo chip symbols landing in view during the reel game will become wild and substitute for all symbols. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Currency Maximum Payout Per Game EUR €250,000.00 Auto Play: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have €50 in your balance, and you choose a €20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below €30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines are added to determine the total win on a given spin. The RTP for both the normal bet and fortune bet is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/3/2020