25 Coins Grand Gold Edition The game has 25 independent reels on a 5x5 grid. There are no regular symbols in the base game and prizes can only be won in the Bonus Game. Drawing 5 Bonus symbols of any type on the middle row of the reels activates the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. The maximum win amount is 2500x bet. SPECIAL FEATURES CLUSTER COLLECTOR Cluster Collector symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Sticky Cluster Collector symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. The Cluster Collector symbol accumulates all values from adjacent Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and repeats this action for up to 5 spins. However, the accumulated prize is paid at the end of the Bonus Game. If the Cluster Collector symbol is drawn on the middle row of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Cluster Collector modifier symbols may randomly appear on the reels and affect the Cluster Collector symbols drawn on the adjacent reels. Countdown Booster symbols increase the value of the Cluster Collector countdown by 3. Collect to Infinity™ symbols change the countdown value of the Cluster Collector symbol to infinity, allowing it to accumulate all values from adjacent Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols till the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. STICKY TO INFINITY™ Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols with the Sticky to Infinity™ feature may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Sticky to Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. If the Sticky to Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the middle row of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. CASH INFINITY™ Cash Infinity™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All sticky Cash Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. Cash Infinity™ symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-15x player's bet. However, the prize will be paid at the end of the Bonus Game. If the Cash Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the middle row of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. HOLD THE JACKPOT™ BONUS GAME The game is played on 25 reels. All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x player's bet. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and multiplies them randomly by 1-20x. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, apart from Cash Infinity™ symbols. Jackpot Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols. Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR, MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 25 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 2500x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. CHANCE LEVEL™ The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: Chance Level™ x2 - the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x5 - the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you a 5x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x10 - the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you a 10x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet in both the base game and the Bonus Game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.13% Player Return Percentage (% RTP – Percentage Return to Player) is the expected percentage of bets that a particular Game will return to the Player in the long run. It is equal to the total amount of contributions to the total returns. STANDARD BET VALUES Minimum bet per spin: USD 0.10 Maximum bet per spin: USD 100 GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: USD 250,000 Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Current win – amount of win that can be taken ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 8/19/2025