24K Gold Spartan Welcome to 24K GOLD Spartan Video Slot. The average theoretical return to player (RTP) is: Regular Game: 94.04%Buy Bonus: 94.09% RULES SCATTER Any SCATTER symbol triggers Top Row Stack. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere triggers the Free Spins Feature. SCATTER appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only. WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS and SCATTER symbols. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 only. BONUS 5 or more BONUS symbols anywhere triggers the Respin Feature. TOP ROW STACK When SCATTER symbol lands the symbol above it in the top row becomes 3 identical symbols. If SOLDIERS symbol turns into a Top Row Stack, the Top Row Stack will turn Wild. During cascades the position remains stacked for any symbol that lands there. FREE SPINS FEATURE 3 or more BONUS Symbols on the reels at the end of a spin sequence triggers the Free Spins Feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. Any Top Row Stack position that occurs during the Free Spins Feature are held for the remainder of the Free Spins Feature. If a SCATTER symbol lands in a reel that already has a Top Row Stack, the Top Row Stack symbols will turn Gold and function as Wilds. Symbol transformed to Gold will persist to future cascades until used, however additional symbols that cascade to that position will not transform. 5 additional Free Spins are awarded when 3 or more SCATTER symbols are on the reels at the end of a spin sequence. BONUS symbols do not appear on the reel during Free Spins. Respin Feature cannot be triggered during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same stake as the triggering spin. RESPIN FEATURE 5 or more BONUS symbols on the reels at the end of a spin sequence triggers the Respin Feature. Each BONUS symbol displays a standard or special prize. Standard prizes on BONUS symbols as multiples of total bet are: 1x,1.4x, 2x, 3x, 4x or 8x. Mini special prize is 10x total bet. Minor special prize is 50x total bet. Major special prize is 500x total bet. Maximum special prize is 5000x total bet. All BONUS symbols with a standard prize from the triggering spin are held in position. All BONUS symbols with a special prize from the triggering spin are awarded and not held. 3 Respins are awarded for all remaining positions. If a BONUS symbol with a standard prize lands, it is held. If a BONUS symbol with a special prize lands, it is immediately awarded and not held. Respins remaining are reset to 3 for any symbol that lands. If at least 1 standard BONUS symbol is held in each reel, the lowest symbol on each reel will fall to the bottom position and form the first Multiplier Row. BONUS symbols with special prizes are not held and cannot form a Multiplier Row. Each prize on the first Multiplier Row gains a 5x multiplier. If there are at least 2 or 3 standard BONUS symbols in each reel, a 2nd or 3rd Multiplier Row will be created respectively. The 2nd Multiplier Row awards 10x multiplier to all symbols in the row. The 3rd Multiplier Row awards 15x multiplier to all symbols in the row. If the 3rd Multiplier Row is filled, all remaining positions will only spin special prizes. The Respin Feature ends when no respins are remaining or all positions have been filled. Upon completion of Respin Feature each standard prize symbol awards the value shown including applicable multipliers. Major and Maximum special prizes may only be awarded once per feature. Mini and Minor special prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. No prizes in the Respin Feature are progressive. Respin Feature is played at the bet of the triggering spin. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Respin Feature. BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to buy a Respin Feature. The cost to buy is 60x bet per spin. A spin is played that will contain at least 5 BONUS symbols. GAME RULES Select a total stake to play 3,072 to 23,328 ways.All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. The top reel adds a symbol above reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. WILD, BONUS, SCATTER, Ace, King, Queen, and Jack do not appear in top reel. Every winning symbol (except BONUS and SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Coinciding wins are added. Highest win paid per winning combination. All wins are as shown in the paytable at selected stake. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Bet Buttons Adjusts the BET staked. (+) button raises your BET, (-) button lowers your BET. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Button during Spin Stops reel animation spin. Stop Button during Autoplay Stops the autoplay. Autoplay Meter (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Display the player's current autoplay remaining. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Music Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Sound Effects Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Last modification date: 11/4/2025