20 Coins Grand Gold Edition 20 Coins Grand Gold Edition The game has 20 independent reels on a 4x5 grid. There are no regular symbols in the base game and prizes can only be won in the Bonus Game. Drawing 4 Bonus symbols of any type on the middle column of the reels activates the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. SPECIAL FEATURES STICKY TO INFINITY™ Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols with the Sticky to Infinity™ feature may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Sticky to Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. If the Sticky to Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the middle column of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Sticky to Infinity™ symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and Volatility Level™ and only appear on the bet level and Volatility Level™ they were obtained on. CASH INFINITY™ Cash Infinity™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All sticky Cash Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. Cash Infinity™ symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-15x player's bet. However, the prize will be paid at the end of the Bonus Game. If the Cash Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the middle column of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Cash Infinity™ symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and Volatility Level™ and only appear on the bet level and Volatility Level™ they were obtained on. HOLD THE JACKPOT™ BONUS GAME All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Respins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Respins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Respins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x player's bet. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and multiplies them randomly by 1-20x. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, apart from Cash Infinity™ symbols. Jackpot Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols. Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 20 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 2000x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game is played at the same bet level and Volatility Level™ as the spin that activated the bonus. CHANCE LEVEL™ The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: o Chance Level™ x2 - the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. o Chance Level™ x5 - the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you a 5x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. o Chance Level™ x10 - the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you a 10x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet in both the base game and the Bonus Game. Sticky symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing Chance Level™ and only appear on the Chance Level™ they were obtained on. Extreme and Double Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game can be activated on Extreme and Double Extreme Volatility levels, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels™. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.15% MAIN GAME Play Button Tap to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if available) Tap to access the Autoplay settings menu: Autoplay: Swipe to set the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. Gamble Button Tap to activate the Gamble feature. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Increase Bet Value Tap to increase the bet by one level. Tap and hold the plus button to set the bet value to max. Decrease Bet Value Tap to decrease the bet by one level. Tap and hold the minus button to set the bet value to min. Fast Play Tap to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast (if available) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Tap to access the game settings and game rules. Current bet in cash Tap to access the bet menu with available stakes. Balance Current account balance. Win Current win. Sound Tap to turn Sound on or off without going to the settings menu. Volatility Levels™ Tap to change the Volatility Level™: Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: o take the win and end the gamble feature, o continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: 200,000 Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. Game Settings Exit to lobby Tap to turn off the game and exit back to the lobby. Game Settings Energy saving mode: Tap to turn the energy saving mode on or off. Cards gambling only: Tap to select a quick risk mechanism. Game Rules Tap to open the game rules page. Game History Tap to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Sound Settings Mute: Tap to mute all sound effects and music. Sounds: Tap or drag to switch or turn sounds on or off. Music: Tap or drag to switch or turn music on or off. Paytable Tap to view winning combinations and payouts. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 8/5/2025