2 Fat Cats The Lost Ark Getting started 2 Fat Cats: The Lost Ark is a 20 win line, 5 reel slot game featuring a Scarab Reel Bonus and a Bonus Entry feature to award one of six bonus features! How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or any one of the bonuses. Set your bet Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the 'FORTUNE BET' button to double the height of the bonus symbol and increase the current bet by 50%. Start the game Select the 'SPIN' button to start a game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. All wins pay left to right during all games. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. Scarab Reel Bonus The Scarab Reel Bonus can trigger on any base game spin, at random. When the Scarab Reel Bonus is awarded, scarabs will emerge from the Ark onto the reels. If scarabs do appear from the Ark, they will scurry across the reels where Chip and Ace will try and shoot them. The larger purple scarabs turn into the bonus symbol. The smaller green scarabs turn into the following: - The bag of gems symbol. - The skull symbol. - The '2 Fat Cats' logo symbol. - The wild symbol. Bonus Entry The bonus entry is awarded when the bonus symbol lands in view on reels 1, 3 and 5. The following bonus features can be awarded via the bonus entry: - Chip Bonus. - Ace Bonus. - Chip 'N' Ace Bonus. - Scaredy Cat Bonus. - Snake Pit Bonus. - Golden Scratch Post. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Autoplay Using Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Bonus Features Bonus Entry Select a box to reveal either a bonus feature or a golden paw. If a bonus is revealed then that bonus is awarded and will immediately end the Bonus Entry. If a golden paw is selected, the player will be able to continue selecting boxes until either a bonus feature is revealed, or a total of 3 golden paws are collected. Chip Bonus The Chip Bonus awards 5 Free Games with a selected symbol turning gold for the duration of the bonus. Every subsequent spin in the Chip Bonus will add a new golden symbol and then all golden symbols will wander into new positions on the reels. The Bonus ends when all spins have been played. Ace Bonus The Ace Bonus awards 5 Free Games with wandering wild symbols. At the start of the bonus, Ace will whip wild symbols onto the reels. Every subsequent spin in the Ace Bonus will add a new wild symbol and then all wild symbols will wander into new positions on the reels. The Bonus ends when all spins have been played. Chip 'N' Ace Bonus The Chip 'N' Ace Bonus awards 5 Free Games with sticky gold logo and wild symbols. At the start of each spin, both Chip and Ace will pull their vines to add golden logo symbols or wilds to the reels. The golden logo symbols and wilds both remain in the same position for the duration of the Chip 'N' Ace bonus. The Bonus ends when all spins have been played. Snake Pit Bonus Each round, the player must select two baskets that contain multipliers to eliminate and then they will receive an offer based on the values still in play. The player will be given up to three offers, if all three offers are rejected then the player must select two of the four remaining baskets to eliminate. The player must then select one of the two remaining baskets to award the winning value and end the bonus. All multipliers multiply the total stake, excluding Fortune Bet's additional 50% stake increase, if enabled. For example with a Fortune Bet stake of £3, selecting the winning basket that contains 'x100' will award £200. If the player eliminates the two 'x100' baskets at any point during the Snake Pit Bonus, the bonus ends and the player is automatically awarded the average value of the remaining baskets in play. Scaredy Cat Bonus The player must guide Chip and Ace to the door on the other side by placing them on the tiles. Avoid the trap doors to continue across all three stages to win. Drag and drop Chip and Ace to place them on a highlighted tile. Pull the lever to lock Chip and Ace's placement and reveal which of the three tiles was a trap door. If Chip and/or Ace was on a trap door when pulling the lever, they will fall and their corresponding win value will be lost. The Bonus ends when Chip and/or Ace reach the other side, awarding their corresponding win value. If both Chip and Ace fall, their win values are lost and the player is awarded a guaranteed win of 10x the total stake, excluding Fortune Bet's additional 50% stake increase, if enabled. Golden Scratch Post Bonus Once 3 golden paws have been collected during a single Entry Bonus, the Golden Scratch Post bonus is awarded. The win value builds as long as chip and ace are rubbing against the scratch posts. The Bonus ends when both boulders fall to award the currently collected win value. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Game Recovery Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information The RTP for this game is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 2/14/2018