30 Coins The game has 30 independent reels on a 6x5 grid. There are no regular symbols in the base game and prizes can only be won in the Bonus Game. Drawing 6 Bonus symbols of any type on the highlighted central reels activates the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. SPECIAL FEATURES STICKY TO INFINITY Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols with the Sticky to Infinity feature may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. All Sticky to Infinity symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. If the Sticky to Infinity symbol is drawn on the highlighted central reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Sticky to Infinity symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and Volatility Level™ and only appear on the bet level and Volatility Level™ they were obtained on. CASH INFINITY Cash Infinity symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All sticky Cash Infinity symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. Cash Infinity symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-10x player's bet. However, the prize will be paid at the end of the Bonus Game.If the Cash Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the highlighted central reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Cash Infinity symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and Volatility Level™ and only appear on the bet level and Volatility Level™ they were obtained on. CLUSTER COLLECTOR Two types of Cluster Collector symbols may randomly appear in the base game: Cluster Collector symbols that stick to the reels for 1-5 spins, Cluster Collector symbols with the Sticky to Infinity™ feature that stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All Sticky Cluster Collector symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. The Cluster Collector symbol accumulates all values from adjacent Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and repeats this action for up to 5 spins. However, the prize will be paid at the end of the Bonus Game. If Cluster Collector symbols are drawn on the highlighted central reels, they increase the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. HOLD THE JACKPOT BONUS GAME All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-5x player's bet. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and multiplies them randomly by 1-20x. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, apart from Cash Infinity™ symbols. Jackpot Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols. Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR, MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 30 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 1500x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game is played at the same bet level and Volatility Level™ as the spin that activated the bonus. CHANCE LEVEL The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: Chance Level™ x2 - the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x5 - the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you a 5x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x10 - the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you a 10x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet in both the base game and the Bonus Game. Sticky symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing Chance Level™ and only appear on the Chance Level™ they were obtained on. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.18% Player Return Percentage (% RTP – Percentage Return to Player) is the expected percentage of bets that a particular Game will return to the Player in the long run. It is equal to the total amount of contributions to the total returns. STANDARD BET VALUES Minimum bet per spin: USD 0.10 Maximum bet per spin: USD 100 Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. Each draw is independent of the previous one and has the same probability of winning. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: USD 150,000 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 1/13/2026