3 Card Brag Introduction 3 Card Brag is a faithful reproduction of the traditional card game. English version of Primero game (also known as Tri Card Brag). Slick, modern interface and player experience. Two games in one with ‘ante’ game and ‘pairs up’ game. A full deck is used for each hand which is shuffled after each game (52 card deck, no jokers). Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your stake amount if you lose the game. How to Play When the game first loads, the player is presented with the main game interface with three tooltips pointing to the three main areas of the interface ‘Select Stake by Touching Casino Chip’ points to the chip selector, ‘Place Bets Here’ points to the betting area and ‘Offers the Player Information and Game Options’ points to the ‘Options’ Button. The tooltips will disappear after a brief period or if the player taps the main game interface. Set Your Stake Select the chip value by pressing on a suitable chip from the chip selector located to the left of the game interface. The selected chip is indicated by a white highlight around the chip. All other chips are dulled in appearance. To see the available chip values, tap the ‘up’ and ‘down’ arrow buttons located to the top and bottom of the chip selector respectively to cycle up or down the values, until the minimum or maximum chip value is reached. Placing a Bet Once a chip value has been selected, tapping either the ‘ANTE’ or ‘PAIRS UP’ lozenges located in the betting area at the bottom of the bet cloth will place a chip of the selected value for that bet. Each additional tap will add one unit of the selected chip value to that bet, it is also possible to mix chip values on the same bet. The stake value for each bet is displayed in a tooltip located centrally beneath each bet. The total stake value for all bets placed is displayed in the ‘Stake’ field located bottom right of the game interface. If there are no chips placed in the betting area, the relevant bet lozenge will glow to indicate to the player where chips can be placed. The player must have sufficient balance to match the ‘ANTE’ stake when the game is in play. When a chip has been placed, the ‘Clear’, ‘Undo’, ‘Double’ and ‘Deal’ buttons (‘initial buttons’) become active in the button interface to the right of the game interface. Tapping the 'Clear' button, removes all chips placed. Tapping the 'Undo' button, removes the last chip placed. Tapping again will remove the next chip, and so on until all placed chips have been removed. While there are no chips in the betting area, the ‘Clear’, ‘Undo’, ‘Double’ and ‘Deal’ buttons will be de-activated. Following a game, the ‘Rebet and Deal’, ‘Rebetx2 and Deal’, ‘Rebet’ and ‘Rebetx2’ buttons (‘rebet buttons’) are displayed, replacing the ‘initial buttons’ in the button interface. Tapping ‘Rebet and Deal’ will replace the previous chips and start the game in the same way as tapping the ‘Deal’ button. Similarly, tapping ‘Rebetx2 and Deal’ will replace double the previous chips. Tapping ‘Rebet’ will replace the previous chips and return the ‘initial buttons’ to the button interface to allow the player to adjust their bet. Similarly, tapping ‘Rebetx2’ will replace double the previous chips. The ‘rebet buttons’ are only active if the player has sufficient funds to replace their previous bet. Start The Game When all bets have been placed, tapping the ‘Deal’ button located to the right of the game interface will remove the button interface and chip selector and the cards will be dealt when the result is returned from the server. If either bet (‘ANTE’ or ‘PAIRS UP’) have no placed chips, it will no longer be highlighted until the game has been reset. Cards are dealt from the ‘card shoe’, top right of the bet cloth in turn to the player and dealer until both have three cards. The player hand is dealt face up with the values showing, whereas the dealer hand remains face down. Game In Play Once all cards have been dealt, the value of the player hand is displayed via an overlay in front of the cards (‘9 High’ for example). If the player has chosen to place an ‘ANTE’ bet, the ‘initial buttons’ are replaced in the button interface with the ‘in play buttons’, namely ‘FOLD’ and ‘PLAY’. Once the player has assessed their hand, tapping the ‘PLAY’ button places a stake equal to the ‘ANTE’ stake on the ‘PLAY’ lozenge (deducted from the player balance), the dealer hand cards turn face up, display the value of the hand (via an overlay in front of the cards) and the game result is displayed. Tapping ‘FOLD’ causes the player to forfeit their hand and stakes, the dealer hand cards turn face up, display the value of the hand (via an overlay in front of the cards) before the player’s chips travel to the dealer, the cards are cleared and the game is reset. If the player hand contains a pair or better following the decision to fold, a popup is displayed asking the player ‘Are you sure you want to fold?’. Tapping the ‘Dismiss message and do not show again in session’ button confirms the fold and will not prompt the player again on subsequent folds. Tapping the ‘x’ close button top right of the popup will close the popup. If the player has not placed an ‘ANTE’ bet, following the cards being dealt, the dealer hand cards turn face up, display the value of the hand (via an overlay in front of the cards) and the game result is displayed. Buttons Tapping the ‘Settings’ cog icon located to the right of the betting area will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access game rules (via the ‘RULES’ button) and also switch the voice or table sounds on or off (via the relevant button). Once within the rules section, tapping the ‘Next’ and ‘Back’ buttons located to the right of the screen will navigate forward and backward respectively. Tapping the ‘Exit’ button will return to the main game interface. How Do You Win? Main Game The dealer hand must include at least one Queen or better in order to qualify to play. If the dealer qualifies, the player hand is compared with the dealer hand and the best hand wins the game. If the player wins, the winning value for each bet (in chips) travels to the relevant bet area before the cards are cleared and the game is reset. On a win, before the cards are cleared, the win value for each bet is displayed below the relevant bet area. At the same time a ‘Winner’ message is displayed centrally in the game interface showing the total win value. If the dealer qualifies and the hands are tied, then the game is a push. If the dealer qualifies and beats the player hand, the player loses any bets placed. If the dealer does not qualify, the player wins the ‘ANTE’ bet but the ‘PLAY’ bet is a push. ANTE BONUS If the player hand is a Running Flush, Prial (Three of a kind) or a Run, they qualify for an ‘ANTE BONUS’ win. The ‘ANTE BONUS’ is won based only on the player hand and regardless of the dealers hand. The ‘ANTE BONUS’ will not be paid out if the player folds. PAIRS UP The dealer does not need to qualify in order for the player to win the ‘PAIRS UP’ bet, this is a separate side bet based only on the player hand. If the player hand contains a pair or better, they win the ‘PAIRS UP’ bet. The ‘PAIRS UP’ bet will not be paid out if the player folds. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser etc), any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. If chips have been placed but the game has not started, upon resumption the user will be presented with the initial game interface with no chips placed. If the cards have been dealt but the user has not yet chosen to ‘PLAY’, upon resumption the user will be returned to the exact point reached with the same cards displayed. If the user has chosen to ‘PLAY’, upon resumption the user will be presented with the previous cards shown along with the result of the game. The sequence and values of events leading to the display of the total award, may vary from the animation prior to game recovery. This will not affect the result of the game after the game has recovered. General Information This game has a Return to Player of up to 97.99% based on best strategy System malfunction voids all pays and all plays The max payout is £334,000. All currencies are expressed in GBP. The amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. Last modification date: 12/17/2018