5 Treasures How To Play Payouts All win amounts are shown in the game Paytable. This game uses an Any Way Pays system with 243 ways to win. Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Like symbols or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination but may create separate winning combinations. Wins on different ways are added together. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Wild Fu Bat Symbol The Fu Bat symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols. In the base game and in all the Free Spin modes, the symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Free Spins Treasure Door Symbol Whenever 3 or more Treasure Doors appear on consecutive reels left to right, starting with the first reel; a payout is awarded alongside 6 Free Spins. Wilds substitute for Treasure Doors in any left to right winning combination. When Free Spins are triggered from the base game, you must select one of the five Free Spin modes. Each Free Spin mode uses the Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten, Nine, Fu Bat, and Treasure Door symbols, and one other symbol depending on which mode was selected. The Dragon Free Spins has 88 Dragon symbols across the 5 reels. The Phoenix Free Spins has 98 Phoenix symbols across the 5 reels. The Tiger Free Spins has 108 Tiger symbols across the 5 reels. The Turtle Free Spins has 118 Turtle symbols across the 5 reels. The Koi Free Spins has 128 Koi symbols across the 5 reels. Whenever 3 or more Treasure Doors appear on consecutive reels left to right within the Free Spins feature, starting with the first reel; a payout is awarded alongside 6 additional Free Spins. The additional Free Spins use the same reel set as the currently selected Free Spins mode. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins are played automatically after Free Spins mode has been chosen. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Jackpots When a Fu Bat symbol lands on the reels, coins will be added to the pot above the reels. Jackpots can be awarded on any spin, both in the base game and in the Free Spins feature. When the pot lid closes, the Jackpot feature will be awarded. There are four Jackpots - Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. 12 coins will appear, select the coins to reveal a FU BABY. Once three coins have been revealed with the same FU BABY, one of the Jackpots will be awarded. The accumulation of coins over time in the coin pot has no effect on the triggering the Jackpot feature. If a Jackpot and Free Spins are awarded in one spin, the Jackpot will be played out first. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 96.37%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/5/2021