5 Treasures Jackpot Festival 5 Treasures Jackpot Festival PAYOUTS This is a REEL WAYS game. Wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the far left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added to the total win. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. Only the highest winner is paid per winning combination. Winnings pay per symbol. There are 243 ways to win. WILD FU BAT Symbol The FU BAT symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols, excluding DRAGON WITH OVERLAY symbols. DRAGON WITH OVERLAY symbols substitute for DRAGON symbols. In the base game and in Free Spins, the FU BAT symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. JACKPOTS There are 5 Jackpots: JACKPOT FESTIVAL™ Progressive Jackpot GRAND Progressive Jackpot MAJOR Progressive Jackpot MINOR Fixed Jackpot based on stake MINI Fixed Jackpot based on stake JACKPOT FESTIVAL™ On Stakes of 88c and above, on each base game spin, a number of reels are randomly chosen. Certain DRAGON symbols on chosen reels, will change to DRAGON WITH OVERLAY symbols. 4 DRAGON WITH OVERLAY symbols on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel, awards 888x Stake. 5 DRAGON WITH OVERLAY symbols on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel, awards the Jackpot Festival™ Jackpot. The chance of winning these prizes increases with higher bets. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. FU BABY™ JACKPOT The FU BABY™ Jackpot may trigger if 1 or more FU BAT symbols appear on screen and Major Jackpot or Grand Jackpot have not been won on the current wagered game. Coins will be displayed on the screen, pick to reveal the available FU BABY™ symbols based on the table below: Picks are made until 3 matching FU BABY™ symbols are revealed and the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. The chance of winning the Major Jackpot or the Grand Jackpot increases with higher bets. It is not possible to win the Jackpot Festival™ Jackpot from the FU BABY™ Jackpot. The accumulation of COINS over time in the BOWL has no effect on triggering the FU BABY™ Jackpot. FREE SPINS Whenever 3 or more TREASURE DOOR symbols appear on consecutive reels left to right, starting with the first reel, a payout is awarded alongside 6 Free Spins. Wild substitutes for TREASURE DOOR symbols in any consecutive left to right winning combination. When Free Spins are triggered from the base game, you must select one of the five Free Spin modes. Each Free Spin mode uses Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten, Nine, FU BAT, TREASURE DOOR symbols and one other symbol depending on which mode was selected. The Koi Free Spins has 128 Koi symbols across the 5 reels. The Tortoise Free Spins has 118 Tortoise symbols across the 5 reels. The Tiger Free Spins has 108 Tiger symbols across the 5 reels. The Phoenix Free Spins has 98 Phoenix symbols across the 5 reels. The Dragon Free Spins has 88 Dragon symbols across the 5 reels. Retriggering Whenever 3 or more TREASURE DOOR symbols appear on consecutive reels left to right within the Free Spins, starting with first reel, a payout is awarded alongside 6 additional Free Spins. The additional Free Spins use the same reelset as the currently selected Free Spins mode. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins are played automatically after Free Spins mode has been chosen. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. The FU BABY™ Jackpot can be triggered inside Free Spins. The Jackpot Festival™ can NOT be triggered inside Free Spins. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT DISCLAIMERS The Jackpot Festival™, Grand and Major Jackpots are Progressive Jackpots. A Progressive Jackpot is a constantly-accumulating prize. The Progressive Jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The current value of the Progressive Jackpot is displayed in the game. All Progressive Jackpot winnings are subject to final confirmation by the casino, and the software supplier. Their decision is final, and no correspondence will be entered into. The casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game matches the value on the casino server. The Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. The casino management, and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the casino management, and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. There exists theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. When a Progressive Jackpot is awarded, the Jackpot amount is reset according to the table below. The percentage of each wager that contributes to the Progressive Jackpot amount is based on the data in the table below. Overall contribution towards Progressive Jackpots when bet is at least 88c = 2% Overall contribution towards Progressive Jackpots when bet is 68c = 0.97% TURBO MODE Turn on Turbo Mode to speed up each spin, it can be turned off at any point during the game. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is between 95.99% and 96.17%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only highest win paid per winning combination. A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2013, 2023 Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 9/26/2023