8 Wealthy Lions 8 Wealthy Lions Introduction 8 Wealthy Lions is a multiway slot machine with upto 576 ways to win and a special FREE GAMES FEATURE that allows the player to choose between 8 FREE GAME OPTIONS including a MYSTERY CHOICE FREE GAME Short Game Description 8 WEALTHY LIONS, imperial protectors possessing luck and prosperity! Play 576 ways by betting 50 credits. The mahcine features upto 576 ways to win with a speical FREE GAME FEAUTRE. The feature’s 8 options give players a choice of various free game numbers with multipliers including a MYSTERY CHOICE option. During the FREE GAMES, if one or more SUBSTITUTE symbols substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 1 randomly determined multiplier from the available set of multipliers. How to play Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. Game UI Buttons Button Type Graphic Action Spin Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop Force stops the reel spin Autoplay Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins simultaneously. Autoplay Stop Press to stop Autoplay session manually. Bet Displays the bet per line options for the player to select the level of their Bet. Help Bet multiplier and Help Pages Audio Choose to enable/disable the sound. Max Bets Sets the maximum possible bet Home Gives the player the option to return to the Lobby Meters and Buttons Bet – Shows the value of bet of the current setting. Bet per line – Shows the current bet per line. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max:-Display the maximum bet. Autoplay – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) may avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid. All wins are shown in Credits. Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player. Free Games Feature The SCATTER symbol appearing on active ways on 3 or more consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel trigger the FREE GAMES FEATURE. Select 1 of the available FREE GAMES options to begin the feature [MYSTERY CHOICE] If one or more [PURPLE LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by a randomly determined multiplier. [25 FREE GAMES] If one or more [YELLOW LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 2, 3 or 5. [20 FREE GAMES] If one or more [RED LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 3, 5 or 8. [15 FREE GAMES] If one or more [PEACH LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 5, 8 or 10. [13 FREE GAMES] If one or more [ORANGE LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 8, 10 or 15. [10 FREE GAMES] If one or more [GREEN LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 10, 15 or 30. [6 FREE GAMES] If one or more [BLUE LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 15, 30 or 40. [4 FREE GAMES] If one or more [AQUA LION] substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 30, 40 or 50. When playing at 3 WAYS or 81 WAYS, the following FREE GAMES option is not available: [4 FREE GAMES] with multipliers 30, 40, 50 If MYSTERY CHOICE is selected, 1 set of free games from the available FREE GAMES options and 1 set of multipliers from the available FREE GAMES options are randomly selected. During the FREE GAMES, if one or more SUBSTITUTE symbols substitute in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by 1 randomly determined multiplier from the available set of multipliers. FREE GAMES FEATURE can be triggered again during the FREE GAMES. The number of remaining FEATURE(S) is displayed by the FEATURES REMAINING meter [graphic]. Any retriggered FREE GAMES FEATURE starts after the preceding FREE GAMES end. Before retriggered FREE GAMES start, select 1 of the available FREE GAMES options. Credits bet and ways played during the FREE GAMES FEATURE are the same as the game that triggered the FREE GAMES FEATURE. Everyway Rules EVERY WAY provides up to 576 ways to win. EVERY WAY wins are winning combinations that appear on active ways in any position on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Only one symbol from each reel comprises each winning combination. Scatter Rules SCATTER symbol appearing on active ways on 3 or more consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost real trigger the FREE GAMES FEATURE. Wild Rules Substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Appears on reels 2,3 and 4 only Appears during bought games only During Free Games Substitutes for all symbols except **. Appear on reels 2,3 and 4 only. Appear during FREE GAMES only. Only 1 color of SUBSTITUTE symbol corresponding to FREE GAMES selection appears during the FREE GAMES. Game Rules All wins on active ways in any position on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol appearing on a reel is counted once per winning combination. All wins shown in credits. Only the highest win paid per winning pattern All wins multiplied by bet multiplier except [FEATURE]. [FEATURE] wins are multiplied by the total credits bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The player is responsible for checking that correct credit has been registered before commencing play. The theoretical return to player of the game is 94.20%. Autoplay Settings Autoplay settings screen pops-up at the left bottom of the game screen on accessing autoplay button, the screen contains following options. Number of spins:- Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable):- Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached Single win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached Stop to any win: Stops on any wins Reality Check Reality checks (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may displays as periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. Keyboard Functionality Spacebar to spin: - Press Space bar to spin and stop the reels in base game only. Malfunction In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP: - The return to player of the game is 94.20%. Last modification date: 12/14/2022