88 Fortunes FU BAT FU BAT symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols. FU BAT only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. SPECIAL PAYS There are 243 ways to win. All wins pay in any position from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All pays in currency. Bet ways win when matching symbols appear anywhere on adjacent reels from the leftmost to the rightmost. Only highest win per bet way is paid. All symbols pay as described in the paytable. The paytable is dynamic and reflects actual payouts based on current wager. Wins on different ways are added together and scatter wins (if available) are added to way wins. One or more FU BAT in a winning combination is WILD and substitutes for all symbols. The gold symbols played are displayed in the Active Symbols Area. Each of the gold symbols are played on alternate sets of reels. FU BAT JACKPOT FEATURE When one or more FU BAT appears, the player may be awarded an available jackpot. The number of gold symbols played determines eligibility for jackpot wins. If the player is eligible for a jackpot, they will be taken to a separate screen where 12 coins will appear. Touching or clicking a coin will reveal the symbol of an available jackpot. When 3 matching symbols have been revealed, the corresponding jackpot will be awarded and the feature ends. Jackpot values are proportional to bet per spin. FREE SPINS FEATURE 3, 4 or 5 GONG symbols on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel, award 10 free spins. ACE, KING, QUEEN, JACK, 10 and 9 symbols do not appear during the Free Spins Feature. Bet per spin and the number of gold symbols chosen are the same as the spin when the Free Spins Feature was triggered. The Fu Bat Jackpot Feature can be triggered inside the Free Spins Feature. During the Free Spins Feature, 10 additional free spins may be awarded by landing 3, 4 or 5 GONG symbols on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. The Free Spins Feature ends when no free spins remain. The Free Spins Feature is played on an alternate set of reels. LEGAL NOTICES In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The expected return for this game is 96.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/17/2026