88 Fortunes Megaways HOW TO PLAY SPIN BUTTON •Press the SPIN BUTTON to initiate the game. •To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. FU BAT GONG •GONG is a scatter symbol, which appears on reels 1-6 only. •FU BAT substitutes for all symbols, excluding scatter symbols, and it appears on reels 2-5 only. PAYOUTS •Each spin can have up to 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! •Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with thefar left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. Payouts reflect the current bet configuration. REELS •All ways from landed symbols will be awarded simultaneously and then the symbols will be replaced, after which any new winning combinations will be awarded •When there is one or more winning combination, the winning symbols will explode, and the new symbols will take their place. Symbols will drop down on the main reels, or fill infrom the right on the bottom reel. Symbols do not transfer between the two reel sets. SYMBOLS PER PLAY •The gold symbols played are displayed in the Active Symbols panel. •Choose how many GOLD SYMBOLS to play with for each spin. FREE SPINS Land4, 5 or 6 GONG symbols on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel to be awarded 8, 10 or 12 free spins respectively. This applies in the base game only. Land 3 or more GONG symbols on consecutive reels starting with the far left reel, to be awarded additional free spins -3, 4, 5 or 6 GONG symbols award 8, 10, 12 or 15 additional free spins, respectively. Only GONG symbols which land on consecutive reels starting on the first reel will be counted towards the bonus trigger. Only one GONG symbol counts towards the FREE SPINS FEATURE trigger per reel. Alternatively, free spins can be awarded from the PICKER FEATURE. The win multiplier will begin at x1, unless a greater win multiplier is awarded from the PICKER FEATURE. During free spins, the win multiplier will increase by 1 each time a group of winning combinations is awarded. This is defined as one or more winning combination which causes a single cascade. The win multiplier will be applied for every win during a free spin. This will always be applied to a win before the win multiplier has been increased, not after. There is no limit for the win multiplier. Additional free spins may be awarded during the FREE SPINS FEATURE which are added to the remaining number of free spins. The FREE SPINS FEATURE ends when no free spins remain. The FREE SPINS FEATURE is played on an alternate set of reels. This feature is played automatically. The bet per spin and the number of gold symbols chosen are the same as the spin when the FREE SPINS FEATURE was triggered. The win multiplier will increase by 1 each time a group of winning combinations is awarded. This is defined as one or more winning combination which causes a single cascade. The Win Multiplier will be applied for every win during Free Spins. This will always be applied to a win before the win multiplier has been increased, not after. There is no limit for the win multiplier. Winning additional free spins will not affect the current win multiplier value. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The expected return for this game is between96.06% and96.36%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and ©2019Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/28/2021