88 Drums RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME: 28.2 – HIGH POWER BET 1: 41.3 – VERY HIGH POWER BET 2: 28.4 – HIGH COMBO POWER BETS: 33.0 – VERY HIGH GAME RULES Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol, Special Feature Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, and Scatter Symbol. The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 5 or more Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Major Jackpot Symbol symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 5 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. The Scatter Loot Link feature is played on a 25 position independent reels matrix, with 10 reels at the top of the matrix unlocked 5 at a time: The 5 independent reels on the 2nd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 10 or more Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols in the 15 active positions on the bottom 3 rows. The 5 independent reels on the top row are unlocked by accumulating 14 or more Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols in the 20 active positions on the bottom 4 rows. If there are any reels that are locked when the result of a spin causes the spin counter to reach 0, there is a random chance that 5 independent reels are unlocked starting with the bottom most row of locked reels. The spin counter increases to 1 and play continues. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols on an active empty position or else the Scatter Loot Link ends with the exception being the random unlock that awards 1 additional spin. Any number of new Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total Scatter Loot Link spins remaining. If all 25 positions on the reels are unlocked and either a Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols appears in all positions, the Grand Jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. When the feature ends the combined values on all symbols and jackpots will be awarded. Scatter Symbols may appear with the following values: 10, 25, 50, 75, 100, 125,150, 200, 300, 400, or 500 credits Mini Jackpot Symbol awards 500 credits Minor Jackpot Symbol awards 2200 credits Major Jackpot Symbol awards 10000 credits The Grand Jackpot awards 222200 credits Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols are scatter symbols. At any given time in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild Symbol or Free Games Wild Symbol lands, there is a random chance to trigger the Drum Loot Link feature. If the feature is not triggered Special Feature Symbol symbols are not awarded, The Drum Loot Link feature is played on a 15 position independent reels matrix. All Special Feature symbols along with their multipliers will carry over from a base spin that initiated the feature. The player has three spins to land any amount of new Special Feature symbols, if within 3 spins no new Special Feature symbols appear on the reels, then the Drum Loot Link ends. Any number of new Special Feature symbols will reset the spin counter back to 3 total Drum Loot Link spins. At the beginning of each spin sequence, each Special Feature Symbol on the reels have a random chance to increase their multiplier value. The multiplier value represents the number of Special Feature Symbol counted for that specific independent reel. At the end of the feature, the total amount of Special Feature symbols will be awarded accordingly: 8-17 Special Feature symbols collected awards 200 credits 18-27 Special Feature symbols collected awards 400 credits 28-37 Special Feature symbols collected awards 600 credits 38-47 Special Feature symbols collected awards 1000 credits 48-57 Special Feature symbols collected awards 1500 credits 58-67 Special Feature symbols collected awards 2500 credits 68-77 Special Feature symbols collected awards 6000 credits 78-87 Special Feature symbols collected awards 20000 credits If there are 88 Special Feature symbols collected at any time, the feature will end immediately and 222200 credits are awarded. The Special Feature symbols are scatter symbols. All 5 reels are always in play. This game is played at 243 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to ways wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. FREE GAMES BONUS 3 or more Bonus Symbol triggers the Free Games Bonus. 3 Bonus Symbol awards 10 free games. 4 awards 15 free games. 5 awards 25 free games. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. POWER BET RULESS Both of the Power Bet options may be active at the same time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET 1 FEATURE The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 4 or more Scatter, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 4 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. POWER BET 2 FEATURE At any given time in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild Symbol or Free Games Wild Symbol lands, there is a greater random chance to trigger the Drum Loot Link feature. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/31/2024