9 Coins Grand Gold Edition The game has 9 independent reels on a 3x3 grid. There are no regular symbols in the base game and prizes can only be won in the Bonus Game. Drawing 3 Bonus symbols on the middle row of the reels activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. The maximum win amount is 1500x bet. SPECIAL FEATURES CASH INFINITY™ Cash Infinity™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game is triggered. All Sticky Cash Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. Cash Infinity™ symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-15x player's bet, which can only be won in the Bonus Game. If the Cash Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the middle row of the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. Cash Infinity™ symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and only appear on the bet level they were obtained on. Playing a game round on another bet level removes Cash Infinity™ symbols from the reels completely. Hold the Jackpot Bonus A draw of at least 6 Bonus symbols during the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stay on the reels. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus round. Every time a Bonus symbol is drawn, it resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus ends when all respins are finished or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. When a golden pearl symbol is drawn, its value is a sum of all white pearl symbols on the reels. When a black pearl symbol is drawn, its value is a doubled sum of all white, golden and black pearls on the reels. Drawing for the value of the Mystery symbol takes place at the end of Hold the Jackpot Bonus. When Hold the Jackpot Bonus ends, the prize is paid according to the values of the Bonus symbols. Mystery symbol can take the value of other Bonus symbols, including white, gold and black pearl or MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols. Prizes for the white pearl symbol equal bet value multiplied by x1-x10. Prizes for the MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols are paid according to the paytable. The GRAND prize is paid when all 25 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated the bonus. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if available) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if available) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Levels Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. Big Screen Mode Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if available) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Levels Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if available) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/1/2023