Ashoka Game rules Ashoka is a scatter pay game with 6 columns, 8 rows and dropping symbols. Wins are paid for 8 or more identical symbols scattered anywhere on the grid. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol. A game round starts with a symbol drop with blockers above and below symbols for each column. Winning symbols are removed from the grid. Any blocker symbol vertically adjacent to a winning symbol is removed, increasing the numbers of symbols in play. The grid fills up with new symbols. Any new winning combinations are paid and the Avalanche repeats until no more wins. Big Wild symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 Wild symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 Wild symbol is 4 regular Wild symbols and a 3x3 Wild symbol is 9 regular Wild symbols. The charged Wild symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last up to 3 wins. It is removed after the last win. If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol. Win multiplier on top or side of the game view, multiplies all winning combinations in view when it's active. The multiplier symbol adds its value and activates the win multiplier when there are winning combinations in view. The multiplier symbol is deactivated and removed with the winning symbols. The super multiplier symbol adds its value and activates the win multiplier when there are winning combinations in view. The super multiplier symbol will reactivate for each Avalanche. The super multiplier remains until no more winning combinations appear. 3 active bonus symbols anywhere on the main grid triggers the 10 free drops bonus game. Inactive bonus symbol will become an active bonus symbol when vertically adjacent to a winning symbol. Super multiplier symbols remain when entering the bonus game and between free drops. The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid. Bonus game can retrigger. 2 active bonus symbols = 5 added free 3 active bonus symbols = 10 added free A game round ends if the maximum win is reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. No bets can be changed during a game round. The game has a maximum win of 25 000x the bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes. SUPER BONUS: Buy a game round, triggering the bonus game with a guaranteed super multiplier. Cost is 500x the bet. BUY BONUS: Buy a game round, triggering the bonus game. Cost is 100x the bet. SUPER MULTIPLIER: Buy a game round with one guaranteed super multiplier symbol. Cost is 25x the bet. CHARGED WILDS: Buy a game round with all Wild symbols as charged Wild symbols. Cost is 10x the bet. BONUS HUNT: Buy a game round with a higher chance to trigger a bonus. Cost is 3x the bet. An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. All game rules apply in X-iter mode. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/16/2024