A Dragon Story Game Rules Play 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines only except scattered JEWEL All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except scattered JEWEL which pays any DRAGON substitutes for all symbols except scattered JEWEL. Little Dragons may burn symbols into WILD on any game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays SUPERBET Super Bet is an ADDITIONAL WAGER that can be adjusted with the control below the Reels to provide the following enhancements Super Bet 2 (50 Coins): Little Dragons below Reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Super Bet 1 (35 Coins): Little Dragons below Reels 2, 3, 4 Super Bet off (25 Coins): Little Dragon below Reel 3 FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more JEWEL appear During the Free Games Little Dragons burn symbols into Wilds more frequently All prizes are doubled during the Free Games Feature The Free Games Feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game BRAVE SIR WILLIAM BONUS The Brave Sir William Bonus may be awarded after any paid spin Select a Fireball for Ruff to breathe Win a prize of 50, 75, 100, 125, 200, 250, 375, 500, 625 or 1250 multiplied by the bet GAMBLE FEATURE (IF APPLICABLE) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per coin to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. Last modification date: 5/16/2018