Age of Beasts Infinity Reels Age of Beasts Infinity Reels is an innovative slot game with Infinity Reels mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the Infinity Bonus. On the 13th reel, the player is awarded the Infinity Bonus of 888x total bet. The Theoretical Return to Player is: 95.57% Rules WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except CHEST. SCATTER Any CHEST symbol win during the base game triggers the Wheel Feature. SYMBOL PAYS Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except CHEST (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 25. INFINITY REELS™ All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. SYMBOL MULTIPLIER The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. In the base game, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. In Free Spins, the Symbol Multiplier increases by between 1 & 7 (depending on the outcome of the Wheel Feature) every time a new reel is added. The Symbol Multiplier starts at 1 when Free Spins commence, but is not reset between Free Spins. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. INFINITY BONUS A prize of 888x total bet (22,200 x Base Bet) is awarded for any spin that results in 13 or more reels being added. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. WHEEL FEATURE Any CHEST symbol win during the base game triggers the Wheel Feature. After the Wheel Feature, Free Spins will commence.The Wheel Feature pays instant prizes, and can also improve the number of spins and symbol multiplier increment of the upcoming Free Spins feature 8 Free Spins with a Symbol Multiplier Increment of 1 are stored. Five wheels are presented with incrementally larger prizes. The first wheel is spun. If a cash prize is won, it is paid and the Wheel Feature ends. If a Free Spin increment, or Symbol Multiplier Increment is won, the respective value is added to the stored amount, and the next wheel is spun. The fifth wheel contains only Bonus prizes, thus all positions will trigger the Wheel Feature to end. Bonus Prizes are: Grand : 1000 x total bet Major : 100 x total bet Minor : 25 x total bet Mini : 10 x total bet The Wheel Feature is played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Non-Bonus prizes range from 2x – 15x total bet. FREE SPINS Free Spins commence once the Wheel Feature completes. The player is awarded as many spins as were stored in the Wheel Feature. The Symbol Multiplier increases by the amount that was stored in the Wheel Feature every time a new reel is added. Any CHEST symbol win during Free Spins awards an extra 4 spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 25. Participating symbol count, for symbols with a visible height greater than one row, is calculated as the total number of rows the symbol covers, in the active four-row display. Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except CHEST (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. WILD substitutes for all symbols except CHEST. WILD can only appear on reel 2 and onwards. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 5/9/2023