Armageddon Megaways Armageddon Megaway™ is a Megaways™ slot game with up to 117,649 ways to win. Each win may bring you a chain of reactions of additional wins.The average theoretical return to player (RTP) is: 94.49% RULES SOLDIER SOLDIER is wild and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. SOLDIER appears on top reel only during base game. SCATTER Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear. 3 respins are awarded. All SCATTER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. RED DEMON, PURPLE DEMON, GREEN DEMON and BLUE DEMON are DEMON symbols. DEMON, SOLDIER and SCATTER symbols are PRIZE symbols. Each spinning position will land a PRIZE or BLANK symbol. Only a single SOLDIER can appear on any respin. SOLDIER only appears if there are DEMON symbols on the screen. DEMON and SCATTER symbols display a non-bonus prize or bonus prize value. DEMON symbols have a life value. RED DEMON starts with a life value of 4. PURPLE DEMON starts with a life value of 3. GREEN DEMON starts with a life value of 2. BLUE DEMON starts with a life value of 1. When a SOLDIER appears, its value is determined by adding the bonus/non-bonus prize value of all DEMON symbols on the display that have a life value greater than 0. All visible DEMON symbols' life value is reduced by 1 (down to a minimum of 0). When any new PRIZE symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. In each respin after the first, all PRIZE symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with PRIZE symbols. Upon completion of respins, each PRIZE symbol awards a non-bonus prize or bonus prize. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. Grand and Major bonus prizes may only be awarded once per feature. Grand bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes on SCATTER symbols range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes on RED DEMON symbols range from 2.5 to 100 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes on PURPLE DEMON symbols range from 2 to 100 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes on GREEN DEMON symbols range from 1.5 to 100 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes on BLUE DEMON symbols range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Bonus Respins. Megaways™ Each spin can have up to 117,649 Megaways™ to win. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each reel alone or with the top reel can have up to 7 symbols. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size. Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play up to 117,649 Megaways™. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols and symbols during the Respins Feature have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. SOLDIER is wild and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. SOLDIER appears on the top reel only during base game. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Last modification date: 1/31/2025