Astrocat Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by multiplier bet. Wild Cat substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Bonus. Wild Cat appears on the Reels 3 and reel 4 only. Bonus symbols appear on the outer positions of reel 3 Reelfecta reel only. For all symbols, except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1,2,3,4 & 5 respectively. Reel 3 is the Reelfecta reel and is comprised of 16 individual positions. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Astro Cat Free Spins Rules BONUS SYMBOL appears on the outer positions of reel 3 REELFECTA reel. 5 or more BONUS symbols triggers Free Spins. During each free spin, starting at the top left corner and moving clockwise on the outer positions of the REELFECTA reel, a specific reel will display either a +1 WILD CAT or POISON symbol. If a +1 WILDCAT appears, the +1 WILD CAT will be locked in and award an extra free spin, up to a maximum of 12 free spins. POISON will not appear during the first 3 spins. If a POISON appears, free spins end and poison pays 2x total amount bet. If all 12 outer positions of reel 3 have +1 WILD CAT, 1 mega spin is awarded. WILD CAT substitutes for all other symbols except POISON and +1 WILD CAT. Mega Spin Wild Cat expands to cover all 16 positions on reel 3 REELFECTA reel making all 16 positions wild. Free spins end upon the conclusion of mega spin. Different bonus reels are used during each free spin and mega spin. Free spins and mega spin are played at the triggering bet. Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play This is a Bet 50, 1296 ways Reelfecta game and the Multiplier Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the option. The Max button for Bet will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Multiplier Bet: Displays the staked amount per Ways Bet 50 to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Ways Bet 50 multiplied by the Multiplier Bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP is 99.954% Last modification date: 12/28/2021