Aztec Wilds Aztec Wilds is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 1024 win ways, featuring Wild, Expanding Wilds, Sticky Wilds, Free Tumbles and Free Spins with incremental multipliers. You play a fixed 50 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/50 The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE and the number of win ways A win way win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the number of appearances of that symbol on each reel Wild symbols simultaneously counts as all non wild symbols. Free Spins are awarded upon 4 or more successive tumble wins. Number of awarded FS depends on the number of successive tumbles. During regular game, wild and expanding wild symbols may appear on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th reels. A sticky wild symbol may appear on the central reel. Incremental multipliers are activated during the Free Spin game. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 6000 per game round or 300,000 coins. If the payout exceeds these amount for any reason then the payout will be instead reduced to this amount. EXPANDING WILD SYMBOL during regular game When a Expanding Wild icon appears on the top position of any reel, it will expand covering the entire reel. More than one Expanding Wild can appear on the reels at the same time. Expanding Wilds substitutes for all non Wild symbols and can appear on any reel other than the 1st. Free Spin Free Spins are awarded by Successive Tumble Wins. 4 successive tumble wins awards 14 Free Spins and no extra starting multiplier 5 successive tumble wins awards 16 Free Spins and no extra starting multiplier 6 successive tumble wins awards 16 Free Spins and a 3x starting multiplier 7 successive tumble wins awards 20 Free Spins and a 3x starting multiplier 8+ successive tumble wins awards 20 Free Spins and a 6x starting multiplier Sounds Page To access sound settings, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the speaker from the menu Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Spin Settings To access Spin Settings, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar.(Only for desktop) Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Invert controls, This toggles around the buttons to allow for user preference.(Only for mobile) Game History To access Game History, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. You can review the game results from any of your past games through this helpful interface. You can select any bet from your last 100 spins, and drill into each reel result to see a spin or tumble result if you wish to examine any game results. Bet Control You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control. The Arrows either side of your bet value lets you change the stake The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/50. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol. On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round. On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player The return to player for this game is 96.00 % The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last updated 10/10/2019 Button Description Autoplay Button Autoplay start button Autoplay stop button Bet control Close menu Open menu Close help Help button Mute sound Unmute sound Spin button Stop button View help guide and controls View symbol payouts View winning combinations View previous bet details View in game settings Last modification date: 6/3/2020