Abracardabra Abracardabra is a poker-style slot game with fruit symbols on playing cards. On starting a game, five cards are shown and the player may “HOLD” one or more cards. Pressing the “DRAW” button removes any cards that are not held, and deals cards until five cards are shown. Wins are awarded when 3, 4 or 5 of the same cards are displayed. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.95% based on optimal strategy. Abracardabra Bonus When 3 or more BONUS cards are displayed, the Abracardabra Bonus is triggered. Three BONUS card symbols will pay all bonus winnings X1. Four BONUS card symbols will pay all bonus winnings X2. Five BONUS card symbols will pay all bonus winnings X10. The card table is then cleared, and 17 cards are dealt, filling the top 5 card positions and the following 12 smaller card positions underneath. Wins are paid, and cards included in a win are then removed. The cards then shuffle, to remove any space between cards. New cards are then dealt until the “Cards Remaining” counter is at zero, paying wins as before. When no further wins are present, the bonus game will finish. If 3 BONUS cards are shown during the bonus game, you are awarded a multiplier increase of X1, and then an extra X1 for every additional BONUS card visible. Multipliers apply only to wins obtained after the BONUS cards are removed. Magic Hat At random, a Magician’s Hat is shown, and new cards appear from the hat. These cards replace other cards and may make a winning combination. The Magic Hat bonus is not available during the Abracardabra Bonus. GAME RULES Payouts are made according to the Paytable Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol Malfunction voids all pays and plays How to Play Choose your bet by pressing the INCREASE BET or REDUCE BET buttons Press the DEAL button Select cards to hold by tapping the cards Press the DRAW button MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: DEAL: Deals 5 cards DRAW: Discards unheld cards and draws new cards into empty positions AUTO HOLD: Enable or disable the automatic holding of cards INCREASE BET/REDUCE BET: Adjusts the BET. SETTINGS: Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about and back options MUTE MUSIC: Mute in-game music only. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. Available on the game screen. SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: CASHIER: Accesses the Casino’s cashier area INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME: Accesses Casino menu BACK: Returns to game ABOUT: Displays game version information The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance:Displays your total balance Bet : The value of the bet Win:Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 10/14/2020