American Outlaws 10K Ways AMERICAN OUTLAWS 10K WAYS™ is a 10K Ways™ slot game with up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Average Theoretical Return to Player is: 94.39% RULES WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERED SAFE and SCATTERED SKULL. WILD appears on the top reel only. SCATTERED SAFE Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTERED SAFE symbols appear. SCATTERED SKULL 10 Free Spins are triggered when 4 SCATTERED SKULL symbols appear. SCATTERED SKULL appears on vertical reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. FREE SPINS 10 Free Spins are triggered when 4 SCATTERED SKULL symbols appear. During Free Spins, a Win Multiplier starts at x1. Paytable wins during Free Spins are multiplied by the Win Multiplier. The Win Multiplier increases by 1 at the start of any cascade. The Win Multiplier is maintained for the entirety of the Free Spin feature. There is no upper value limit on the Win Multiplier. Free Spins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. The Win Multiplier is reset to 1 upon completion of the Free Spins feature. SCATTERED SKULL symbols do not appear on the reels during Free Spins. Free Spins can not be retriggered. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTERED SAFE symbols appear. 3 respins are awarded. All SCATTERED SAFE symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SCATTERED SAFE symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with SCATTERED SAFE symbols. Upon completion of respins, each SCATTERED SAFE symbol awards a prize or bonus prize. The total prize is multiplied by the Win Multiplier if Bonus Respins is triggered during Free Spins. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per game round. Grand and Major bonus prizes may only be awarded once per game round. Grand bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet (1x, 1.25x, 1.5x, 1.75x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 75x, 100x). Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. WILD symbols do not appear during Bonus Respins. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Bonus Respins. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over SCATTERED SAFE symbols and symbols during the Respins Feature have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERED SAFE and SCATTERED SKULL. WILD appears on the top reel only. SCATTERED SKULL appears on vertical reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTERED SAFE and SCATTERED SKULL) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. If multiple features are triggered simultaneously, they will be played in the following order: Bonus Respins Free Spins Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Bonus Meters Show Bonus amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Last modification date: 5/29/2025