Ace Ventura Ultranudge HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to place your bet and start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. GAME PANEL Balance – Displays the player's account balance. Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step (only visible when applicable). Bet - Displays the current bet, can be clicked to open bet options panel. Bet adjust – Increases or decreases the current bet. Spin Button - Places the bet and spins the reels. Autoplay (if Available) – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Menu - opens the options panel. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) GAME OPTIONS Click the Menu icon to open the options panel. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Turbo mode – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may change the game speed. Sound – Turns the sounds on or off. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is provided in the pay table. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The RTP calculation is based on statistical analysis of the game logic. RTP - 94.05% MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 9/26/2025