Americash 10k Ways How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. FREE SPINS Free Spins are triggered when 3 or more SCATTER appear in full. 3 Free Spins are awarded, and prizes are awarded for the triggering SCATTER symbols. Win Multiplier starts at 1 and increases after every explosion. Free Spins are reset to 3 when any new SCATTER appear in full. SCATTERs appearing in full award a prize after explosions have finished. SCATTER prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. All wins including SCATTER prizes are multiplied by the Win Multiplier. Free Spins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. SCATTER is 2 rows high and does not appear on the top reel. A SCATTER must appear in full (top and bottom half fully visible), to be counted towards triggering the Free Spins, or to award its prize during Free Spins. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/19/2024