Ace Ventura Pet Detective Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is under license from Morgan Creek Productions, Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a 5x3, 20 line video slot featuring 4 fixed jackpots, a mini wheel bonus and a Detect & Collect free spins bonus. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for free spins, jackpot and mini wheel scatters. Free Spins Scatter Rules: Free Spins scatter symbols exist on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. The free spins scatter symbol pays anywhere on the reel. 3 free spins scatter symbols trigger the Detect & Collect free spins bonus. Jackpot Scatter Rules: The jackpot scatter symbol pays anywhere on the reel. 3 jackpot scatter symbols awards the MINI jackpot. 4 jackpot scatter symbols awards the MINOR jackpot. 5 jackpot scatter symbols awards the MAJOR jackpot. Mini Wheel Scatter Rules: The mini wheel scatter symbol pays anywhere on the reel. 3, 4 or 5 mini wheels scatters trigger the mini wheel bonus. Hold & Hit Rules: If exactly 2 free spins scatters are in view at the end of a spin, the Hold & Hit feature is triggered. The Hold & Hit feature allows players to hold the reels on which free spins scatters are in view and respin the reel where a third scatter may land. Only free spins scatter symbols are active during the respin. No other symbols are in play and no line wins or jackpots will be paid as a result of any symbols that land during the respin. The price of this respin is dependant on the players bet size as well as the probability of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus. The player can choose 9 different probability chances of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus; A 10% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 5x the players bet A 20% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 10x the players bet A 30% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 15x the players bet A 40% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 20x the players bet A 50% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 25x the players bet A 60% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 30x the players bet A 70% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 35x the players bet A 80% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 40x the players bet A 90% chance of triggering the Detect & Collect free spins bonus costs 45x the players bet The Hold & Hit feature is only available in the base game. Press/click the Hold & Hit logo to toggle the feature on or off. If the player plays Hold & Hit and does not trigger the Detect & Collect free spins bonus, the Hold & Hit feature will be available to play again. This process repeats until the player either triggers the Detect & Collect free spins bonus or decides to continue with a regular spin or quits the game. The Hold & Hit feature is optional and the player can choose to skip the Hold & Hit feature and continue with the game by paying for a standard spin. The Hold & Hit feature is not available in free bet mode. The Hold & Hit feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Mini Wheel Bonus Rules: 3 mini wheel scatter symbols award 3 mini wheel spins. 4 mini wheel scatter symbols award 4 mini wheel spins. 5 mini wheel scatter symbols award 5 mini wheel spins. Cash prizes and jackpots can be won in the mini wheel bonus. The cash prizes available are 2x, 5x, 8x and 10x the players bet. The MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA jackpots can also be won on any mini wheel spin. If the mini wheel lands on the JACKPOT section of the wheel, a new jackpot wheel will surface which the player must spin to reveal which jackpot has been won. After all mini wheel spins, the sum of all cash prizes and jackpots are awarded to the player. Jackpot Rules: There are 4 fixed jackpots to be won. A maximum of 5 jackpot symbols can land on the reels. 3 jackpot symbols awards the mini jackpot which is equal to 25x the players bet. 4 jackpot symbols awards the minor jackpot which is equal to 50x the players bet 5 jackpot symbols awards the major jackpot which is equal to 200x the players bet. The mega jackpot is equal to 1000x the players bet and can only be won via the mini wheel bonus. All jackpots can be won multiple times during a free spins round. All jackpots can be won multiple times during the mini wheel bonus. Free Spins Rules: Once triggered, the player can choose 1 of 4 types of free spins; 8 free spins with a 1x Detect & Collect multiplier 6 free spins with a 3x Detect & Collect multiplier 4 free spins with a 5x Detect & Collect multiplier Random: 8, 6 or 4 free spins with a Detect & Collect multiplier of 1x, 3x or 5x is chosen at random During free spins, wilds have a multiplier attached to them. That multiplier is applied to any winning line that includes a wild. Multipliers on a single line are added together. Snowflake the dolphin lands with cash values during free spins. Land snowflake with a wild to collect the multiplied values. The mini wheel bonus can be triggered during free spins. All jackpots can be won during free spins. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Players have 3 different feature buy options. Paying 50x the players regular bet triggers free spins with a RTP of 94.30% and 4 different options; Low volatility: 8 free spins with a 1x Detect & Collect multiplier Medium volatility: 6 free spins with a 3x Detect & Collect multiplier High volatility: 4 free spins with a 5x Detect & Collect multiplier Random: 8, 6 or 4 free spins with a Detect & Collect multiplier of 1x, 3x or 5x is chosen at random Paying 100x the players regular bet triggers free spins with a RTP of 94.62% and guarantees 8 free spins with a 5x Detect & Collect multiplier. Paying 200x the players regular bet triggers free spins with a RTP of 94.77% and guarantees 10 free spins with a 10x Detect & Collect multiplier. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 93.90%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/8/2024