Ambassador Ambassador is a 4-reel slot game with a Supermeter game. The game has 1 pay line. Wins are awarded for between 1 and 4 of a kind symbols from left to right and right to left, except for certain symbols as detailed in the in-game paytable. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is between 92% and 97%. Coins 1 2 3 4 5 Supermeter RTP 92% 93% 94% 95% 96% 97% Wins in the reel game can be gambled via the Gamble Game. Alternatively press SPIN to transfer winnings to the Supermeter and play the Supermeter Game. Supermeter Game When playing a 5 coin game, you can choose to play the Supermeter Game by pressing the SPIN button during the Gamble Game. This will transfer winnings to the Supermeter. You cannot change your bet when in the Supermeter Game. In the Supermeter Game, the bet is fixed at 10 coins. You can collect your winnings at any time by pressing the COLLECT buttons. Your balance is updated and you are returned to the reel game. Winnings are automatically collected if the value of the Supermeter is 5000 or greater. Gamble Game Reel wins, and Ambassador Wheel wins, can be gambled via the 1 to 12 number reel. Select from four options by pressing the corresponding graphic or pressing the GAMBLE button when the desired option is highlighted. The gamble options are: Red: If the reel stops on a red number, the win is doubled Blue: If the reel stops on a blue number, the win is doubled X3: If the reel stops on 2,5,7 or 11 the win is tripled X4: If the reel stops on 1, 7 or 12 the win is quadrupled Ambassador Wheel Bonus When any 3 or 4 of a kind STAR symbol win is shown on the reels, the Ambassador Wheel bonus is triggered. The Ambassador Wheel is made up of 10 segments. Depending on your bet, a number of segments are illuminated, and these segments spin around the wheel. If the wheel stops with the "x1000" position illuminated, a prize of 1000 coins is awarded. If no win is awarded, the STAR symbol win is paid. Fruit Pot Bonus The Fruit Pot bonus is only available in a 5 coin game and the Supermeter Game. When winning a 4 of a kind prize, the corresponding fruit symbol is lit. When all fruits are lit, a prize of 5000 coins is awarded. The Fruit Pot bonus win cannot be gambled. Game Rules Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the coin value Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol 4 of a kind wins are paid once only Malfunction voids all pays and plays Autoplay Settings (If Available) NUMBER OF SPINS: Select the number of spins to auto-play. LOSS LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if your losses equal or exceed this amount, autoplay will be stopped SINGLE WIN LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if a win in any one spin equals or exceeds this amount, autoplay will be stopped. How to Play Choose your bet by pressing the INCREASE BET or REDUCE BET buttons. Press the SPIN button. MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) STOP AUTOPLAY: Cancels autoplay (if available) INCREASE BET/REDUCE BET: Adjusts the BET. COIN: Selects the number of coins to be played per game GAMBLE: Selects the gamble option when highlighted and gambles the prize SETTINGS: Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about and back options MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. Available on the game screen. Settings Page Buttons: CASHIER: Accesses the Casino’s cashier area INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME: Accesses Casino menu BACK: Returns to game ABOUT: Displays game version information AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: The value of the bet Winnings: Displays the amount won in the spin. Last modification date: 12/28/2021