Apollo Pays Apollo Pays Help Introducing the game Apollo Pays is a 6 reel Megaways game with up to 117,649 ways to win, featuring Win Exchange, which gives extra chances to trigger the Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 100 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100 times your stake for 10 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 100 times your stake for 10 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 100 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 10 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 10 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 10 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins Wins begin with the leftmost reel and are awarded on left to right on adjacent matching symbols regardless of size. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Respins Whenever a win occurs, all other symbols are respun before the win is paid. If two or more symbols improve the win, another respin is awarded. Respins continue until zero or one symbol improves the win, and then the win is paid. Scatters are always held in place. A respin may also add an extra symbol to any reel. Reels which contain 7 symbols will not have an additional symbol added. If all symbols onscreen are held, the respins end. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter. Wilds occur on reels 2 to 5 only. Scatter 3 or more Scatters in the base game award 10 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. Free Spins The Free Spins have an unlimited Win Multiplier which begins at x1. Every time a respin is triggered, the Win Multiplier increments by 1. 3 or more Scatters in the Free Spins award 4 additional Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information This game has a RTP of between 96.51% - 96.56%. In the event of an interruption during the presentation of a result (for example, due loss of connectivity), the correct value of any winnings for that result will be credited to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. Last modification date: 12/20/2022