Arcader Untitled Document Game Rules Note: Arcader video slot is referred to as Arcader, The Game or Game. Arcader is a video slot with 5 reels and 15 fixed pay lines. The game features wilds, expanders, mystery game and bonus game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96,1%. The game offers up to 15 bet levels for the selected currency. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. Expanders expands the reel it appears on and fills it with the symbols representing the best possible pay line. The bonus symbol is a scatter symbol that can appear on any reel and grants the bonus game with free spins if 3 or more bonus symbols are won. The number of free spins won is according to the pay table and the number of bonus symbols won grants a certain multiplier according to the pay table. Each bonus game free spin grants the chance of a new sticky wild on the three central reels. The sticky wilds remain sticky throughout the bonus game. The mystery symbol is a scatter symbol that can appear on any reel and grants the mystery game with mystery wins if 3 or more mystery symbols are won. The number of mystery symbols won grants a certain multiplier according to the pay table. The mystery game ends either by selection of a blank or by the selection of all mystery wins. Wilds and sticky wilds substitutes all other symbols except expanders, mystery symbols and bonus symbols. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right in combinations according to the pay table. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. Wins may be capped by the operator. The bonus game and mystery game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the bonus game or mystery game. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Last modification date: 3/28/2017