Army of Ares ABOUT THE GAME A barren battlefield stretches beyond, soldiers stand shoulder to shoulder, the ranks unbroken, sweat and steel mingling with the musky odour of men. Banners snap in the wind, spears pound the ground in a thundering rhythm, shields are struck in unison, and war horns roar down the front line. He’s here — Ares, the god of war. Fully armed, his spear gleams, and the twin blades rest impatiently at his sides. His voice fills the air: Arise now! Arise, Army of Ares! Let spears be raised, let shields be shattered! March on! March now! For glory! For the gods! Get ready for a battle in this 5-reel, 4-row game with paylines, where a ruthless max win of 15 000 times your bet is available in every game mode! FEATURES WRATH REELS When a Wrath scatter symbol lands, it expands into a Wild Wrath Reel. Once expanded, the Wrath Reel will reveal a Multiplier that is applied to the entire Wrath Reel. If a winning combination includes more than one Wrath Reel, the Wrath Reel Multiplier values will be added together from left to right and then applied to the win. The Additive Multipliers can have the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 300x. Only 1 Wrath symbol can land on a reel at a time. A Wrath Reel will add between 0-5 Wild symbols to random positions on the grid once expanded. The Wrath Reel and Wild symbols substitute for all symbols in the paytable. BONUS GAME - FEAR AND FLAME Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the base game's mechanics. In addition, Wild symbols added to the grid by a Wrath Reel will land with a Multiplier value. If a winning combination includes more than one Wild Multiplier and a Wrath Reel, the Multiplier values will be added together from left to right and then applied to the win. The Additive Multipliers can have the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x. BONUS GAME - WRATH AND RUIN Activate this bonus with 3 refilling lives by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. In this bonus game, lives are displayed on a Life Meter outside the grid, where 3 lives equal 3 free spins. When any Disc Multiplier or Battle Horse symbol lands, the lives and free spins are refilled to 3, once all lives are consumed, the bonus ends. During this bonus, a Reel Multiplier above each reel starts at 1x. Only dead symbols, Disc Multipliers, and Battle Horses can land. By landing different Disc Multipliers, the Reel Multipliers above the reels progressively increase throughout the bonus. Green Disc symbols add their revealed value to the Reel Multiplier for the reel they land on once. Epic Green Disc symbols add their revealed value to all Reel Multipliers once. Possible Adding Multiplier values for all Green Disc symbols are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x. Red Disc symbols multiply their revealed value by the Reel Multiplier for the reel they land on once. Epic Red Disc symbols multiply all Reel Multipliers by their revealed value once. Possible Multiplying Multiplier values for all Red Disc symbols are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10. When a Battle Horse symbol lands, it is collected above the reel it landed on. At the end of the free spins, the collected Battle Horse activates and reveals a Multiplier. The Battle Horse Multiplier is only applied to the Reel Multiplier above the corresponding reel. Only 1 Battle Horse can land on each reel. The Battle Horse symbol can have the following Multiplier values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x50. Once the Battle Horse activation is complete, all Reel Multiplier values are added together and multiplied by the bet amount to determine the final awarded win. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - ARES ASCENDS Activate this bonus with 3 refilling lives by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the mechanics of WRATH AND RUIN bonus. In addition, this bonus guarantees a full grid with Disc Multipliers and 1 Battle Horse symbol from the start! RTP - 95.45% SPECIAL SYMBOLS FS and Wrath symbols cannot land on the same reel at the same time. Dead symbols are non-paying symbols and have no other effect. FS symbols cannot land in FEAR AND FLAME, WRATH AND RUIN and the ARES ASCENDS bonus. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 50.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 15 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + B or F - Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page - SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 - Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 - FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + ENTER - Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 3/4/2026