Alchemistress GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and plays Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. BASE GAME RULES Wilds are wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbols. Wilds appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. There are three multiplier meters, each corresponding to three symbols. Green Meter corresponds to Green Symbols and initially starts with a 5x multiplier. Blue Meter corresponds to Blue Symbols and initially starts with a 1x multiplier. Orange Meter corresponds to Orange Symbols and initially starts with a 1x multiplier. Line wins with Green Low Pay Symbols, Blue Low Pay Symbols, or Orange Low Pay Symbols contribute points equal to the number of winning symbols on that line to increasing the value of the corresponding multiplier meter. Wilds substituting as Green Low Pay Symbols, Blue Low Pay Symbols, or Orange Low Pay Symbols counts as that symbol for the purposes of contributing points. Every 40 points contributed to a multiplier meter increase the value of that meter by 1x. After all points have been contributed to the multiplier meters, all wins with Green High and Mid Paying Symbols, Blue High and Mid Paying Symbols, and/or Orange High and Mid Paying Symbols are multiplied by the value of the corresponding multiplier meter if the value of that meter is at least 2x. After all points have been contributed to the multiplier meters, all wins with Crown symbol are multiplied by the sum of the values of the three multiplier meters. After all wins have been paid, if the value of a win was multiplied by the value of a multiplier meter, then that meter is reset to a value of 1x with 0 contributed points. All feature progress earned applies only at that total amount bet. Each Magic Scrolls appearing on the reels is collected and will be applied to the next Free Games Bonus Name. Magic Scrolls appears only on reel 5. All Magic Scrolls collected apply only at that total amount bet. FREE GAMES BONUS RULES During the base game, 3 or more BONUS SYMBOLS appearing in any position on the reels starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 BONUS SYMBOLS awards 7 free games. 4 BONUS SYMBOLS awards 12 free games. 5 BONUS SYMBOLS awards 20 free games. BONUS SYMBOLS are scatter symbols. Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols. Wild Symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. During the Free Games Bonus there are three multiplier meters, each corresponding to two symbols. Green Meter corresponds to Green Symbols. Blue Meter corresponds to Blue Symbols. Orange Meter corresponds to Orange Symbols. At the start of the Free Games Bonus , all three multiplier meters are set to a value of 2x. Then, for each Magic Scrolls collected during the base game, a random multiplier meter is increased by 1x and the number of Magic Scrolls collected is reset to 0. At the start of each free game after the first, each multiplier meter has a random chance to increase by 1x. On each free game, all wins with Green Low Pay Symbols, Blue Low Pay Symbols, or Orange Low Pay Symbols contribute points equal to the number of winning symbols on that line to increasing the value of the corresponding multiplier meter. On each free game, all wins with [FGJP1] are multiplied by the sum of the values of the three multiplier meters. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 10/25/2023