Aladdin's Legacy Aladdin’s Legacy is a 5 reel slot game with Free Games Feature, Into the Cave Bonus and Treasure Room Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 20 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.999%. FREE GAMES FEATURE Free Games are awarded when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels. 3 Scatter awards 10 Free Games 4 Scatter awards 15 Free Games 5 Scatter awards 20 Free Games Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game. Free Games are played on an alternative set of reel strips and icons. There are no Scatter symbols in the Free Games. Free Games cannot be awarded during Free Games. INTO THE CAVE BONUS Into the Cave Bonus can only be awarded during Free Games. A special "Into the Cave" Bonus symbol is placed on reel 5 during Free Games. When the "Into the Cave" Bonus symbol appears on reel 5, the Into the Cave Bonus is immediately awarded. Select 3 Gems from the circle. Prizes will be awarded upon each selection of a gem. Selecting the correct gem will open the cave door and bring you to the "Treasure Room" bonus game. If selection does not open the door, you will return to finish any remaining Free Games. The "Into the Cave" bonus can be awarded multiple times during Free Games. TREASURE ROOM BONUS Treasure Room bonus can only be awarded during the "Into the Cave" Bonus. The goal of the game is to reach then end of the path by making successful selections from left to right. Each selection will award a prize. Each successful selection will ask you to pick another spot on the path. Incorrect selections will end the bonus game and you will return to finish any remaining Free Games. If you successfully complete the game, the vault will open to reveal your final prize! GAME RULES Play fixed 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Malfunction voids all pays and plays How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels STOP: Stop the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs are selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the SPIN button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for LINES, BET, AUTOPLAY, INFO and MUTE options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: LINES: Lines cannot be adjusted. This game is fixed for 20 lines. BET: Move the slider Left or right to adjust the BET you want to play AUTOPLAY:Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available of autoplays are from 0 to 100. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects If Loss Exceeds: Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked Win: Displays the amount won in the spin The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 10/14/2020