Big Foot Big Foot is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature and a Bonus Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the selectable lines. Payouts de pend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.01%. Game Rules Play 1 to 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered Footprint All symbols pay Left to Right except Scattered Footprint which pays any Big Foot appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Footprint FREE GAMES FEATURE A Free Games Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Footprint symbols occur 10 Free Games are awarded with all prizes doubled The Free Games Feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Games wins are added to payline and scatter wins THE BIG FOOT FEATURE The Big Foot Feature is awarded when Big Foot appears anywhere on Reels 2, 3 and 4 at the same time Touch any pair of eyes in the forest scene. You have three chances to find Big Foot Each selection wins a prize. Finding Big Foot awards a larger prize All Prizes are multiplied by the triggering bet The Big Foot Feature can be awarded during the Free Games Feature Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is corr ect Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the ( -) and (+) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin : Spinsthe reels. Autoplay : Allowsautomatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your de tails in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displaysthe staked amount per lineto be played. Lines : Displaysthe amount of line(s) to be played. Win : Displaysthe amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/28/2021