Black Dragon Getting started: Black Dragon is a 243 ways to win, 5 reel slot game. There is a Free Spins bonus and 3 reel bonuses. How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, the Free Spins bonus feature or coins for the reel bonuses. Set your bet Black Dragon has 243 ways to win. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. All games are always played with 243 ways to win. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Free Spins The Free Spins feature is awarded when 3 or more bonus symbols land in view on the reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Reel Bonuses The reel bonuses occur via the Pick a Chest bonus, once all 5 coins are lit above the reels. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game will substitute for all symbols except the Bonus. The wild symbols only land on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Currency Maximum Payout Per Game EUR €250,000.00 Auto Play: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have €50 in your balance, and you choose a €20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below €30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Features: Free Spins Once 3 or more bonus symbols have landed adjacently in view on the reels, starting from the leftmost reel, the Free Spins feature is triggered and an entry bonus win is awarded. 3 of a kind awards 10 Free Spins and an entry bonus of 2x the player's stake. 4 of a kind awards 15 Free Spins and an entry bonus of 5x the player's stake. 5 of a kind awards 20 Free Spins and an entry bonus of 20x the player's stake. During Free Spins, any wilds that land on the reels will expand to fill the reel, become locked and remain for 1, 2 or 3 Free Spins. The Free Spins feature will end when there are no remaining spins left. Additional Free Spins can be awarded if 3 or more bonus symbols land adjacently in view on the reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Coins There are 5 coins above each reel, once all 5 become lit the Pick a Chest bonus will be awarded. A coin becomes lit once a coin symbol lands on the corresponding reel, for example a coin landing on reel 1 will only light up the coin above reel 1. Once a coin is already lit, another landing on the same reel will have no effect. Each stake will initially start with 2 lit coins, changing the stake does not carry over any additionally lit coins. After all 5 coins have triggered the Pick a Chest bonus 2, 3 or 4 coins will become lit again at the end of the spin. Pick a Chest Once all 5 coins are lit, the Pick a Chest bonus will trigger. Three chests will be shown to the player, each containing a different reel bonus. Selecting a chest will award one of the reel bonuses, ending the Pick a Chest bonus. Reel Bonuses Reel bonuses are triggered via a selection from the Pick a Chest bonus. Reel bonuses aren't available during the Free Spins feature. Super Bonus Spin This reel bonus awards a spin with an increased amount of bonus symbols. Big Win This reel bonus awards a spin that guarantees a big win. Super Wild Spin This reel bonus awards a spin with 1, 2 or 3 Super Wilds. During the spin, the Black Dragon will fly over a reel, delivering a Super Wild that will fill the reel. this can occur up to 3 times. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Black Dragon logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. Once started, the Free Spins bonus will play out automatically. The RTP is 94.86%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 12/6/2017