Buffalo Charge 1 Introduction Buffalo Charge is a 5X4, 25 winline slot game. The game features Buffalo Wilds that ‘charge’ towards each other, leaving a trail of Wild symbols. The game has a 3rd reel ‘Bonus’ that can award cash prizes, a Buffalo Spin or Buffalo Free Spins. 2 How to Play Set your stake: At the left of the screen, the player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. To win, the player must have at least 2 of a kind Wilds or Buffalo symbols or 3 of a kind on any other symbols on a winline from left to right. All wins will be shown and paid to the player. All pays start with the leftmost reel, paying left to right (Reel 1-5) only in consecutive order. Buffalo Wild symbol: The Buffalo Wild symbol can substitute for ALL other symbols EXCEPT the bonus symbols. Using Buffalo Wild symbols to complete a line does not incur any extra multiplier, unless stated as a multiplier, other than the win for the symbol(s) they substitute. Only the highest paying win on each line will be counted. 2 or more Buffalo Wilds in view will begin a ‘charge’, where the Wilds will connect, leaving a trail of Wilds, before any wins are paid. Bonus Scatter Symbols: The bonus symbol appears on reel 3 only. If a bonus symbol lands in view, the player will transition to a ‘Pick a Bonus’ screen and choose a horseshoe. The horseshoe will reveal if a player has won cash, a Buffalo Spin or Buffalo Free Spins. 3 Game Features 3.1 Buffalo Wilds Buffalo Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols except the bonus symbol. In a ‘Buffalo Charge’ event, both the Wilds and the Bonus can be awarded. If 2 or more Buffalo Wilds appear in view, it will activate a ‘charge’ and the Wilds willconnect, leaving a trail of Wilds. 3.2 Bonus Bonus symbols appear on reel 3 only. If a bonus symbol lands anywhere in view on reel 3, the player will transition to a ‘Pick a Bonus’ screen. The ‘Pick a Bonus’ screen is represented by 6 horseshoes and the player needs to select horseshoe to reveal the bonus awarded. The available wins in the bonus are cash prizes, a Buffalo Spin or Buffalo Free Spins. Any cash wins in the bonus get paid to the player immediately A Buffalo Spin is a spin that guarantees a minimum one Buffalo Wild appearing on the reels. This feature does not guarantee a charge or a payout. Buffalo Free Spins are a number of Free Spins that get played out automatically to the player. A player can initially win between 5-12 Free Spins via the bonus pick. 4 Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, next to the PLAY button, will open the Autoplay functionality. Pressing the ‘settings’ button, on the right-hand side of the base game screen, will open the paytable information. The player can press the left and right arrow buttons to access the ingame information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off via the settings cog button, located on the left-hand side of the paytable. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate functionality. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 5 Paytable The game has 25 winlines as shown in the paytable. Line wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 6 Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 7 General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 95.34%. Any payout which gives out fractional payments will be truncated to two decimal places. The maximum payout is the capped amount of £250,000. All currencies are expressed in GBP. The amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play.