Bonus Fruits Introduction Bonus Fruits is a 6x3, 40-win line slot featuring Spin and Win bonus and Free Spins. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 and 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol and the Spin and Win symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and free spins bonus. Features Spin and Win – Base Game The Spin and Win symbol is available on all reels in both the base game and Spin and Win Bonus. 6 or more Spin and Win symbols in any position will start the Spin and Win Bonus. Spin and Win symbols have a value presented on them that will be either a multiple of the current stake, mini, minor, or major jackpot. These values are only awarded in the spin and win feature The coins that landed will remain and the rest of the reel symbols will darken. The player is awarded 3 lives, each spin that a spin and win symbol does not land in a new position will take away one life. When a spin and win symbol lands in a new position the lives are re-set to 3. The bonus continues until the player has no lives remaining or the entire grid is filled with spin and win symbols. If the bonus ends with at least 1 position remaining, all spin and win symbol values in view are awarded. During the bonus if the grid is filled with spin and win symbols the grand jackpot is awarded and all spin and win symbol values in view are awarded Bonus Choice Landing 3 or more bonus scatters in view will trigger the bonus. The choice between Free Spins or Spin and Win Bonus will be presented. Free Spin Bonus Landing 3 bonus symbols in any position awards 10 free spins. Landing 4 bonus symbols in any position awards 15 free spins. Landing 5 bonus symbols in any position awards 20 free spins. Landing 6 bonus symbols in any position awards 25 free spins. Free spins can be retriggered from within free spins; Landing 3 bonus symbols in any position awards 5 extra free spins. Landing 4 bonus symbols in any position awards 10 extra free spins. Landing 5 bonus symbols in any position awards 15 extra free spins. Landing 6 bonus symbols in any position awards 20 extra free spins. Spin and Win Bonus 3 scatters will start the spin and win bonus when chosen by the player. 3 bonus symbols in any position starts bonus with 6 spin and win symbols. 4 bonus symbols in any position starts bonus with 7 spin and win symbols. 5 bonus symbols in any position starts bonus with 8 spin and win symbols. 6 bonus symbols in any position starts bonus with 9 spin and win symbols. The player is awarded 3 lives, each spin that a spin and win symbol does not land in a new position will take away one life. When a spin and win symbol lands in a new position the lives are re-set to 3. The bonus continues until the player has no lives remaining or the entire grid is filled with spin and win symbols. If the bonus ends with at least 1 position remaining, all spin and win symbol values in view are awarded. During the bonus if the grid is filled with spin and win symbols the grand jackpot is awarded and all spin and win symbol values in view are awarded. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 95.00% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/23/2022