Blood Lust Game Description Blood Lust is an alluring 5 reel, 3 rows slot with stacked reels and 99 paylines. It comes with boosted stacks, respins and a bonus game where symbols can transform into the top symbol. Bonus Game Three bonus symbols trigger the free spins. How the bonus symbols are distributed on the screen defines the number of awarded free spins. The bigger rectangular area they cover the more free spins will be awarded, up to a maximum of 15 free spins. All high-value symbols in view during the bonus game are counted, no matter whether they hit or not. Once a high-value symbol’s meter is full it transforms into the top symbol. A really lucky bonus game is played with the top symbol replacing all other high-value symbols. The free spins bonus game can be retriggered time after time. Boosted Stacks All reels have mystery stacks that are filled with random symbols at the beginning of every spin. It is amazing to see the long stacks of identical symbols spin by and the stroke of luck is to get the top symbol to fill the stacks on all reels. Boosted Respin Landing the respin symbol on the fifth reel triggers the Boosted Respin. One random symbol in view, as well as all bonus symbols in view, are kept sticky for a respin increasing the chance to win considerably. It is not only a boosted chance to win but also provides an increased chance to trigger the bonus game. Key Features Function Value Lines 99 paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 3 rows Hit frequency 23,5 % Name Blood Lust Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Blood Lust is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with 99 paylines. The game oﬀers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Blood Lust is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Respin symbol and the bonus scatter symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. Boosted Stacks feature: All reels have stacks of identical symbols - Boosted Stacks. At the beginning of every spin, random symbols are chosen to fill these stacks. Diﬀerent reels may have diﬀerent symbols in their Boosted Stacks. Respin symbols and bonus scatter symbols can not be chosen to fill the Boosted Stacks. Boosted Respin feature: A Respin symbol that hits on reel 5 triggers the Boosted Respin feature. A random symbol in view is selected and all instances of that symbol in view and all bonus scatter symbols in view remain sticky during one awarded respin. The free spins are paused in case the Boosted Respin feature is triggered in Bonus mode. If the triggers for Bonus mode and for the Boosted Respin feature coincide in the same result, the Boosted Respin feature will be performed first, before enteringthe free spins bonus game. 3 or more bonus scatter symbols trigger Bonus mode, with between 3 to 15 free spins. The number of symbol spaces within the rectangular area, that surrounds all bonus scatter symbols in view, defines the number of awarded free spins. All vampire symbols can be replaced by the Dracula symbol in the free spins bonus game. All vampire symbols that land in view in Bonus mode are counted. When a vampire meter is full, all instances of that vampire symbol on all reels are replaced by the Dracula symbol for the remaining free spins. One additional free spin is awarded. 3 or more bonus scatter symbols in Bonus mode, retrigger the free spins bonus game. The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Blood Lust is 96.0% The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 4/6/2020