Big Horsey Fortune 1 Introduction Big Horsey Fortune is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring the big horsey bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols and appears on all reels during the bonus game. The treasure symbols are mixed pays and will award line wins landing in any combination. 4 Features 4.1 Big Horsey Bonus Entry Bonus Horsey symbols appear on all reels, 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the big horsey bonus. During the bonus feature the big winner will only have a single value; this is chosen in the match 3 game 3 bonus symbols the big winner can be 100x, 50x, 30x, 20x 4 bonus symbols the big winner can be 100x, 50x, 30x 5 bonus symbols the big winner can be 100x, 50x 4.2 Big Winner Match 3 Game In the Big Winner match 3 game you will determine the value used on the largest horse. The game will change to show 6, 9 or 12 identical tiles depending on the number of bonus symbols used to trigger the feature; selecting these symbols one at a time will uncover a big winner value, once you find 3 matching values you start the bonus with the corresponding value on the largest horse. 4.3 Big Winner Bonus During the Big winner bonus, you have unlimited free spins until the Big winner is found. When a punter and any horses land in view, the values shown on all horses are paid. If more than 1 punter lands, each treasure is awarded again for every extra punter in view. When any big winner symbol lands in view, it will lock in place until a punter lands, when the next punter lands, the big winner value is paid along with all other horses in view, and the bonus ends. The values shown on all horses are multiples of the base game stake. If all 15 positions are locked with big winners the value shown on all horses is collected and the bonus ends. 4.4 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 4.5 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The number of bonus scatters awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or bonus scatters are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 500,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 6/13/2023