Big Scary Fortune 1 Introduction Big Scary Fortune is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring the big scary bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols and appears on all reels during the bonus game. The treasure symbols are mixed pays and will award line wins landing in any combination. 4 Features 4.1 Big Scary Fortune Bonus Entry Bonus symbols appear on all reels, 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the big scary fortune bonus. During the bonus feature the big pumpkin will only have a single value; this is chosen in the match 3 game 3 bonus symbols the big find can be 100x, 50x, 30x, 20x 4 bonus symbols the big find can be 100x, 50x, 30x 5 bonus symbols the big find can be 100x, 50x 4.2 Big Pumpkin Match 3 Game In the pumpkin match 3 game you will determine the value used on the largest pumpkin. The game will change to show 6, 9 or 12 identical tiles depending on the number of bonus symbols used to trigger the feature; selecting these symbols one at a time will uncover a big pumpkin value, once you find 3 matching values you start the bonus with the corresponding value on the largest pumpkin. 4.3 Big Scary Fortune Bonus During the Big Scary Fortune bonus, you have unlimited free spins until the Big Pumpkin is found. When a scarecrow and any pumpkins land in view, the values shown on all pumpkins are paid. If more than 1 scarecrow lands, each treasure is awarded again for every extra scarecrow in view. When any big pumpkin symbol lands in view, it will lock in place until a scarecrow lands, when the next scarecrow lands, the big pumpkin value is paid along with all other pumpkins in view, and the bonus ends. The values shown on all treasures are multiples of the base game stake. If all 15 positions are locked with big pumpkins the value shown on all pumpkins is collected and the bonus ends. 4.4 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. RTP-94.8% Last modification date: 10/27/2023