Big Spinner Big Spinner is a 3-reel slot game with a supermeter game. The game has 1 to 5 pay lines. Wins are awarded for 3 of a kind symbols from left-to-right, and 2x or 3x wheel symbol wins when playing the supermeter game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is between 92% and 97%. To win you must match 3 symbols on an active payline. Wins in the reel game can be gambled red or black, to double your prize. Alternatively press SPIN to transfer your winning to the supermeter where the 10000 prize can be won. If winnings in the base game are 5001 coins or more, this win cannot be gambled or played in Supermeter game. Each game costs 2x the selected coin value, multiplied by the number of selected pay lines. GAME RULES Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the coin value Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol 3 of a kind wins are paid once only Malfunction voids all pays and plays Supermeter Game When a win is obtained in the reel game (and when playing 5 lines only) you can transfer it to the supermeter by pressing the SPIN button. In the supermeter game, the bet is fixed at 20 coins. Wheel symbols are active and any 2 symbols awards a spin of the Bonus Wheel, which can award a prize of between 60 and 10000. Any 3 wheel symbols in views pays three spins of the Bonus Wheel, and 3 wheel symbols on a payline will award the 10000 prize. Supermeter wins cannot be gambled via the red or black game. You can choose to collect your winnings at any time by pressing the COLLECT button. The win will be transferred to your balance, and the supermeter game is ended. Autoplay Settings (if available) NUMBER OF SPINS: Select the number of spins to auto-play. LOSS LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if your losses equal or exceed this amount, autoplay will be stopped SINGLE WIN LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if a win in any one spin equals or exceeds this amount, autoplay will be stopped. How to Play 1: Choose your bet by pressing the BET + or BET – buttons; or press MAX BET to select 5 lines and play a game 2: Press the SPIN button MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) STOP AUTOPLAY: Cancels autoplay (if available) BET +/BET -: Adjusts the BET. Each payline costs 2x coin value. LINES: Selects the number of paylines to play SETTINGS: Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about and back options MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. Available on the game screen. MAX BET: Selects the highest number of lines available and plays one game TRANSFER: Transfers supermeter winnings to the reel game where they can be gambled double or nothing COLLECT: Pays winnings to balance during the gamble or supermeter game. SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: CASHIER: Accesses the Casino’s cashier area INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME: Accesses Casino menu BACK: Returns to game ABOUT: Displays game version information The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Cash: Displays your total balance Coin: The selected coin value Bet: The value of the bet Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 12/28/2021