Big Fishing Fortune Introduction Big Fishing Fortune is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring the big fishing bonus. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols and appears on all reels during the bonus game. The fish symbols are mixed pays and will award line wins landing in any combination. Features Big Fishing Fortune Bonus Entry Bonus symbols appear on all reels, 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the big fish fortune bonus. During the bonus feature the big catch will only have a single value; this is chosen in the match 3 game 3 bonus symbols the big catch can be 100x, 50x, 30x, 20x 4 bonus symbols the big catch can be 100x, 50x, 30x 5 bonus symbols the big catch can be 100x, 50x Big Fishing Fortune Bonus Match 3 Game In the fishing match 3 game you will determine the value used on the largest fish. The game will change to show 6, 9 or 12 identical tiles depending on the number of bonus symbols used to trigger the feature; selecting these symbols one at a time will uncover a big catch value, once you find 3 matching values you start the bonus with the corresponding value on the largest fish. Big Fishing Fortune Bonus During the Big Fishing Fortune bonus, you have unlimited free spins until the Big Fish is caught. When a fisherman and any fish land in view, the values shown on all fish are paid. If more than 1 fisherman lands, each fish is awarded again for every extra fisherman in view. When any Big Fish symbol lands in view, it will lock in place until a fisherman lands, when the next fisherman lands, the Big Fish value is paid along with all other fish in view, and the bonus ends. The values shown on all fish are multiples of the base game stake. If all 15 positions are locked with big fish the value shown on all fish is collected and the bonus ends. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 94.80% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/1/2022