Bounty Showdown TO PLAY THE GAME: 1.Choose a Bet Level. 2.Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only).Clicking/tapping and holding a reel while dragging it downwards. Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. While the reels are spinning, you can quick stop the game by pressing the Spin button.The Fast Play increases the reel spin speed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings to activate/deactivate the Fast Play. Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings. Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not be available in certain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win. Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spins you want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Confi rm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of the set spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not influence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Bounty Showdown is a 3-row, 5-reel, 10 lines game featuring the Double Bonus Respin Feature and the Showdown Free Spins. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 96.04%. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins on different bet lines are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. All bet lines and winning combinations in the game are displayed in the Paytable. The Paytable reflects the current Bet configuration and changes in accordance with the total Bet. All Bets and payouts are in your currency. Payouts are based on the total Bet. BONUS WILD SYMBOL The Bonus Wild symbol appears on all reels and substitutes for all symbols. 2 Bonus Wild symbols landing on the reels in the Base Game activate the Double Bonus Respin Feature. 3 or more Bonus Wild symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game or Double Bonus Respin Feature activate the Showdown Free Spins. 3 or more Bonus Wild symbols landing on the reels in the Showdown Free Spins reactivate the Showdown Free Spins. Every Bonus Wild Symbol landing on the reels during the Showdown Free Spins pays out a win. The win amount is equal to the Bet multiplied by the Multiplier from the Gatling Wheel Bonus Game. DOUBLE BONUS RESPIN FEATURE 2 Bonus Wild symbols landing on the reels in the Base Game activate the Double Bonus Respin Feature. Line wins are evaluated and paid out first. Then The two reels where the Bonus Wild symbols have landed are locked and the rest of the reels respin. SHOWDOWN FREE SPINS 3 or more Bonus Wild symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game or Double Bonus Respin Feature activate the Showdown Free Spins. 3, 4 or 5 Bonus Wild symbols award 10, 15, or 20 Showdown Free Spins respectively. The Showdown Free Spins start with the Gatling Wheel Bonus Game. The Gatling Wheel Bonus Game is played automatically. The Gatling Wheel is a wheel with 16 positions. Each position has a Multiplier value on it. 3 Gatling Wheel spins are awarded. The top center position is selected when a Gatling Wheel spin ends. Each position on the Gatling Wheel can only be selected once. The Multiplier values on the selected positions are added. During the following Showdown Free Spins, every landed Bonus Wild symbol pays a win equal to the Bet multiplied by the current sum of all selected Multiplier values. 3 or more Bonus Wild symbols landing on the reels in the Showdown Free Spins reactivate the Showdown Free Spins. 3, 4 or 5 Bonus Wild symbols award 3, 4, or 5 additional Showdown Free Spins respectively and oneextra Gatling Wheel spin. Showdown Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and the same Betconfi guration as the round that activated the Showdown Free Spins. Showdown Free Spins can be reactivated maximum 5 times. BUY FREE SPINS You can buy Showdown Free Spins in the Base Game. Buying Showdown Free Spins costs 100x and starts a round with a guaranteed Showdown FreeSpins activation. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the Buy Free Spins Feature is 96.09% The Payout is based on the Bet per spin value. Buying Showdown Free Spins starts a round with guaranteed 3 or 4 Bonus Wild symbols landing in the Base Game which award 10 or 15 Showdown Free Spins respectively. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The English version of the game rules prevails. Last modification date: 11/29/2022