Big 500 Slot Getting Started: Big 500x Roulette is a roulette game with 38 potential outcomes for each spin of the wheel. Several different bet types are available. How to play: The Total stake is displayed at all times. Set your bet Place chips on the table by selecting the position on the table that represents the bet you wish to place. Chip values can be changed using the chip panel below the table. Bets can be placed on numerous positions on the table. For example, to place a split bet, select the position in-between two numbers on the table. Pressing Repeat Bet will repeat the chip placement from the previous game. Pressing Clear All Bets or Clear Last Bet will remove any bets placed in error. Start the game Select 'BET' to start your game. How do you win? A win is awarded if the ball lands on a number on the wheel which corresponds to any bets placed on the table. Once the ball has landed, any winnings are paid and the chips are cleared. The previous 10 results of the roulette wheel spin are displayed above the betting table. Awards are detailed in the pay table. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Neighbour Betting Neighbour Bets can be accessed by pressing the Neighbour Bets button. Neighbour Bets places a single bet on the selected number and on four adjacent numbers (two either side of the selected number). The numbers on the neighbours board are laid out in the same order as on the roulette wheel. This allows you to place a bet on the ball landing in a certain section of the wheel. For example, a bet of £1 placed on 0 will place 20p individual bets on 0, 3, 15, 26 and 32, visible on the main betting table. You must return to the main betting table to start a game. BIG 500X BONUS Bet on the BIG 500X BET segment of the betting table for a chance to enter the feature. If the ball lands on the BIG 500X BET segment and a bet has also been placed on the BIG 500X BET segment then the feature will be awarded. A screen will be displayed with 3 levels of circles and a token selection panel. The objective is to make it across the 3 levels with as much of the multiplier value as possible. To start a level, using the token denominations spread the remaining multiplier amount across the circles in the current highlighted level. Tokens can be placed on one, some or all of the circles in the current highlighted level. After placing the entire multiplier value, pressing start will reveal which circle is a winner. The bonus continues until no multiplier value remains or all 3 levels are completed, whichever occurs first. At the end of the bonus, a consolation prize of 5x the current bet on the BIG 500X BET segment of the betting table is awarded regardless of the bonus outcome. Turbo Spin: Press the Turbo Spin button during a game to skip the wheel spin. Important Points: Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: The RTP for the base game is 94.74%. The RTP for the bonus game is 95.39%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020