Birthday Game Description There is always something to celebrate. Every day is someone's birthday! Maybe a new goal has been achieved. Or simply the fact that it's just a great day. What can be better than throwing a party full of surprises with dear friends and family? So here they are, all gathered and ready to share a happy experience. Birthday! is a 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. It mixes the urban feeling of a classy New York bar with familiar guest stars from previous ELK Studios' games. The party is about to really take off and more and more guests arrive. Every new guest is announced with the sound of the doorbell ringing. Surprise gifts in the form of Happy Spins respins and Free Spins, together with Walking and Sticky Wilds, are generously handed out during both the base game and the Free Spins bonus game. Connecting paylines generate 178 ways to win and a chance to win up to 250,000 coins. Key Features Feature Value Lines 178 connecting paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~16.7% Name Birthday! Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules 1. Birthday! is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. 2. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. 8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. 9. Birthday! is played in four modes: Normal mode, Happy Spins mode, Free Spin mode, and Respin mode. 10. Birthday! has three kinds of randomly triggered features: Happy Spins, Free Spins, and Wilds. 11. There are five different Happy Spins features, one Free Spin feature, and two Wild features in the game. 12. When a Happy Spins feature triggers, the player is given Respins until a specific randomly selected condition is met. The possible conditions are: The player gets a Big Win (minimum 15x bet) The player gets a win on a 5 reel long winline The player gets a win on a specific randomly selected symbol (any non-Wild symbol) The player achieves a specific randomly selected number of wins (3, 4, or 5) No instance of a specific randomly selected symbol (any non-Wild symbol) lands, while instances of the selected symbol that do land become sticky until this feature ends. No payouts are made until this Happy Spins feature ends. 13. It is not possible to trigger another Happy Spins feature while a Happy Spins feature is in play. 14. Wild features can trigger during a Happy Spins feature and Free Spins feature. 15. The Free Spins feature can trigger during Happy Spins, but isn't activated until the Happy Spins feature finishes. 16. When the Free Spins feature triggers, the player is given 10 Free Spins. 17. If a Happy Spins feature is triggered during Free Spins, Free Spins are frozen until the Happy Spins feature is done. 18. If a Free Spins feature is triggered during Free Spins, the player is given an additional 10 Free Spins. 19. When a Wild feature is triggered, the player is given either of: 3 randomly placed Sticky Wilds. 3 randomly placed Walking Wilds. 20. Sticky Wilds can only appear during Happy Spins, Free Spins or Respins, and stay for the remaining Happy Spins, Free Spins, and Respins. 21. Walking Wilds move leftwards one reel for each spin, and stay until they walk off reel 1. If there are Walking Wilds on the screen, but no Happy Spins feature is active and there are no Free Spins, Respins are given until all Walking Wilds have walked off the screen, or until a Happy Spins or Free Spins feature is triggered. 22. Winnings are paid out when no Happy Spins feature is active, there are no Free Spins left, and there are no Walking Wilds left on the screen. 23. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin, during Happy Spins, during Free Spins, or during Respins. 24. The Cake symbol works as a Wild symbol. Pay out as a symbol in a winline. 25. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Birthday! is 96.3% 26. The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. 27. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020