Backstreet Wilds Game Backstreet Wilds is a video slot with 6 reels and 15 fixed win lines. Wins pay from left to right. Wins Match at least 3 symbols on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel across 1 of 15 fixed win lines to achieve a win. Wins pay from left to right. Pays are made according to the pay table. Pay table can be found by clicking information. Only the largest win combination per winline is awarded. Multiple symbols can form win combinations per spin. Wins are made and presented according to the player's currency. How to Calculate Wins To calculate a win value, count the number of symbols along a single win line and compare this to the payout value in the pay table. Repeat this for every win line. If multipliers are on the reels, they will be applied to the win. If more than one multiplier appears across a single win line, their values are added together before being applied. Count the total number of reels the symbol is matched across and check the value of this. How to Play Select a bet size and press spin to begin. Randomisation The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.5%. Maximum Win The maximum win available in Backstreet Wilds is $250,000.00. If the sum of a single game round exceeds this the game round will end and $250,000.00 will be awarded. Technical Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in software refunds bets. The English version of these rules settle all disputes. Smashing Wild Symbols On any spin symbols can be smashed from the reels after all symbols have landed. Smashed symbols will be replaced with Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Scatter symbols cannot be smashed from the reels and replaced. Multiplier Wild Symbols Any Wild symbol that is revealed can contain a multiplier. Possible multiplier values are x2, x3, x4 or x5. Wild multipliers are applied to every winning combination they are part of. If more than one Multiplier Wild symbol is involved in a single combination, their values will be added together before being applied. Walking Wild Symbols Any Wild symbol that is revealed can be a Walking Wild symbol. Walking Wild symbols are blue in colour and will spray UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT in a straight line, between 1 and 3 positions, to reveal additional Wild symbols or upgrade multipliers on Multiplier Wild symbols. The multiplier value of any new Wild Position will be equal to the Walking Wild that has created it. Any Wilds already present and acted upon will have their multiplier incremented by the value of the active Walking Wild. Multipliers can be upgraded to maximum values of x5. If a Walking Wild symbol crosses a Scatter symbol, the Scatter symbol turns into a Scatter Wild symbol. Scatter Wild symbols substitute for all symbols and function as both Scatters and Wilds. Wild Reels can never contain Walking Wilds. Bonus Trail Landing at least 1 Scatter symbol in view will activate the Bonus Trail, displayed under the reels. The Bonus Trail rewards players with increasingly powerful features as they collect more Scatter symbols. At the end of the spin, prizes are awarded depending on the number of Scatter symbols in view. - 2 Scatter symbols: Feature Respin (Enhancer Respin). - 3 Scatter symbols: Bonus Activate (Free Spins). - 4 Scatter symbols: Super Bonus (Super Free Spins). - 5 Scatter symbols: Mega Bonus (Mega Free Spins). Enhancer Respin The Enhancer Respin will be played after all wins from the triggering spin have been evaluated. During the Enhancer Respin a single spin is awarded with one of the following Enhancers. - Remove Low Symbols: Diamond, Heart, Club and Spade symbols are removed for one spin. Wild symbols appear as normal. - Wild Reel: all symbols on one random reel will be transformed into regular Wild symbols. Additional Wild symbols appear as normal. Scatter symbols cannot land behind Wild Reels. - Walking Wilds: all Wild symbols activated after the respin become Walking Wilds. - Activate Bonus: guarantees a third Scatter symbol lands during the respin, triggering Free Spins. Scatter symbols will be held in place during the Enhancer Respin, and all other symbol positions will respin. After the reels have stopped, any new wins will be awarded. Free Spins Land 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere in view to trigger 8 Free Spins. Before Free Spins begin players will reveal an Enhancer from a random selection. This Enhancer is active throughout Free Spins and is activated at the start of every spin. - 3 Scatter symbols: 1 Enhancer available. - 4 Scatter symbols: 2 Enhancers available. - 5 Scatter symbols: 3 Enhancers available. During Free Spins Wild symbols are guaranteed on every spin. Free Spins are played at same line and same bet in which they are triggered in base game. Free Spins end when no spins remain. Free Spins Enhancers - Remove Lows: Diamond, Heart, Club and Spade symbols are removed for the duration of Free Spins. - Wild Reel: all symbols on one random reel will be transformed into regular Wild symbols at the start of every spin. Scatter symbols cannot land behind Wild Reels. - Walking Wilds: all Wilds that land in view during Free Spins will be Walking Wilds, with a minimum of 3 Wild symbols guaranteed per spin. Wilds from Wild Reels will not be transformed into Walking Wilds. Free Spins Bonus Trail Landing Scatter symbols during Free Spins advances the Bonus Trail. - 2 Scatter Symbols: an additional +2 spins are awarded. - 3 Scatter Symbols: an additional +5 spins are awarded, and all active Enhancer features are upgraded. Enhancer Upgrade Landing 3 Scatter symbols during any Free Spins feature will upgrade all active Enhancers: - Remove Low Symbols: Blackberry, Blueberry and Strawberry symbols are removed for the duration of Free Spins, leaving only the 3 highest paying symbols on the reels. - Wild Reel: all symbols on two random reels will be transformed into regular Wild symbols at the start of every spin. - Walking Wilds: a minimum of 4 Walking Wilds are guaranteed every spin. Enhancers can only be upgraded once per Free Spins feature. Extra Bet By betting an additional 50% players can increase their chances of triggering Free Spins. Payouts are calculated according to the base bet when Extra Bet has been activated. The theoretical return to player for this game when using Extra Bet is 94.5%. Bonus Buy For a cost of 90 times base bet, players can buy 8 Free Spins with 1 active Enhancer. The theoretical return to player for the Free Spins Bonus Buy is 94.5%. For a cost of 360 times base bet, players can buy 8 Super Free Spins with 2 active Enhancers. The theoretical return to player for the Super Free Spins Bonus Buy is 94.5%. For a cost of 200 times base bet, players can buy 8 Mystery Free Spins with 1, 2 or 3 active Enhancers. The theoretical return to player for the Mystery Free Spins Bonus Buy is 94.5%. In case of translation erors, the English text will be definitive. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 12/9/2025