Book of Ultimate Infinity How to play This is an any ways pays game. When 5 or more identical symbols appear across consecutive reels from left to right, each normal symbol used in a win will pay out their win values once. The WILD symbol is a substitute for all other symbols except the BOOK symbol and the Growing symbols. Infinity Reels On any spin, if a minimum of 3 identical symbols land in reels 1, 2 and 3, an extra reel is added to the right. If an identical symbol lands in the extra reel, another extra reel will be added. This will continue until no more identical symbols are seen in the extra reels even if the BONUS reel is reached. The first additional reel awards 2x the symbol win amount. Each successive reel reached increases the win multiplier by 1x. I.e. 3 reels 2x, 5 reels 3x, 6 reels 4x, and so on… Book symbol At the start of every spin, a reel is randomly selected (from 6 to 15) to contain the BOOK symbol. If enough reels are added to reach the reel containing the BOOK symbol, the player is awarded 10 Free Spins. A map below the reels shows the position of the reel with the BOOK symbol and shows the player’s progress towards it. During each spin, a message will also appear informing the player of how many more reels are needed to reach the BONUS. Free Spins At the start of the Free Spins, a normal paying symbol is selected to be the Growing symbol. Upon retriggering the feature, the same symbol is used. When the reel is reached which contains the BOOK symbol, 10 Free Spins will be awarded. During Free Spins if the reel which contains the BOOK symbol is reached, an additional 10 Free Spins will be awarded. During Free Spins, if the BOOK or Growing symbols were to land on the right most reel, an additional reel would be added regardless of whether the win was improved. If the Growing symbol lands on 2 or more reels, it will expand to fill each position of its reel, and pays out once per symbol, regardless of whether the reels are consecutive or not. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Malfunction voids all pays and play. The expected payback for this game is the 96.50% Last modification date: 12/28/2021