Bonus Roulette Contents: Getting Started How to play How do you win? Gamble Phase Turbo Mode Game Recovery General Information Getting Started: Bonus Roulette is a roulette game with 37 potential outcomes for each spin of the wheel. Several different bet types are available. (Back to top) How to play: The Total stake is displayed at all times. Set your bet Place chips on the table by selecting the position on the table that represents the bet you wish to place. Bets can be placed on numerous positions on the table. For example, to place a split bet, select the position in-between two numbers on the table. Pressing Repeat Bet will repeat the chip placement from the previous game. Pressing Clear All Bets or Clear Last Bet will remove any bets placed in error. Start the game Select 'BET' to start your game. The SPACE BAR key on the keyboard can often be used as an alternative for pressing the primary on screen button. (Back to top) How do you win? A win is awarded if the ball lands on a number on the wheel which corresponds to any bets placed on the table. Once the ball has landed, any winnings are paid and the chips are cleared. The previous results of the roulette wheel spin are displayed above the betting table. Awards are detailed in the pay table. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Minimum Stake, Maximum Stake & Odds Bet Minimum Stake Maximum Stake Pays SINGLE NUMBER 20p £1,000 35/1 PAIR OF NUMBERS 20p £2,000 17/1 THREE NUMBERS 20p £3,000 11/1 FOUR NUMBERS 20p £4,000 8/1 SIX NUMBERS 20p £6,000 5/1 COLUMNS £1 £10,000 2/1 DOZENS £1 £10,000 2/1 RED AND BLACK £1 £10,000 Evens EVEN AND ODD £1 £10,000 Evens 1-18 AND 19-36 £1 £10,000 Evens (Back to top) Gamble Phase If a win is awarded on the roulette spin, then the game will transition to the gamble phase. In the Gamble phase, there is a wheel with the following slices populating the wheel: Lose - All winnings are lost. Half - All winnings are halved. 1x - All winnings are unchanged. 2x - All winnings are doubled. 3x - All winnings are tripled. Pressing Bet will spin the wheel. Pressing Collect will collect the current winnings and return to the base game. The gamble phase ends when winnings reach 0 or collect is pressed. (Back to top) Turbo Mode: Press the Turbo Spin button during a game to skip the wheel spin. (Back to top) Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play. (Back to top) General Information: The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 97.3%. The RTP for the gamble phase is 100%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined and player choices do not affect the return of the game. This game has been independently fairness tested by GLI, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 1/23/2020