Beat the Beast: Quetzalcoatl's Trial Quetzalcoatl’s Trial is a video slot with 5 reels and 9 pay lines. The game features a Bonus Game with Wild co l ect, symbol upgrades and a 5-level free spin mode. The theoretical return to player is 96.16%. A game round is started with the action button and plays the Game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the Game automatica ll y for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. A l game pay-out and win combinations are paid out according to the Pay Table. Only the longest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the Pay Table. A l pay line and scatter wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. A l wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. The Quetzalcoatl Emblem symbol is a Scatter and a Wild symbol, and substitutes for any other symbol both in the Base Game and in the Bonus Game. The Quetzalcoatl Emblem symbol can generate both scatter pays and pay line wins, according to the Pay Table. Wild co l ect feature: In the Bonus Game, Orbs are co ll ected from each Wild symbol to fi l a symbol meter. Each time a met is fi l ed with 5 Orbs, the corresponding symbol is replaced with the next mid-win symbol according to the Pay Table, going fro lowest to highest. The Bonus Game consists of a 5-level free spin mode where the player co ll ects Wild symbols in order to level up. When the la symbol meter is fi l ed, al l mid-win symbols wil l turn into the Quetzalcoatl Symbol (the high pay symbol, as per the Pay Table) for the remainder of the Bonus Game and no more co ll ections wi ll happen. Each time a meter is fil l ed the player is awarded with 2 extra free spins. For reference, the mid-win symbols are (from lowest to highest) the Cup, the Axe, the Crown and the Quetzalcoatl Statuette. 3 or more Quetzalcoatl Emblem symbols trigger or retrigger the Bonus Game, awarding 10 new free spins. The Bonus Game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus Game. In the event of game malfunction a ll affected bets and pays are rendered void. The maximum total bet multiplier for one game round is 5555. If this limit is reached the game round wi l be terminated and no additional wins wi l be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/2/2020