BetMGM Lucky 8 Keno Introduction BetMGM LUCKY 8 KENO is a standard single player stand-alone Keno with 80 numbers to choose from and 20 numbers randomly drawn by the server at every draw. In addition, the last number drawn on every round is the special Lucky 8 Ball. If it matches one of your selected numbers, then your win is multiplied by 8! How to Bet Pick between 2 to 10 numbers on the numbers grid and select your desired stake using the STAKE button. Once you are ready, press the PLAY button to start the game. The system randomly draws 20 numbers with win amounts based on how many of the 20 balls match your picks. Lucky 8 Ball The last drawn number (the 20th number) is the Lucky 8 Ball. If this last ball number matches one of your selected numbers, any win from the base game is multiplied by 8x. How to Win You win by matching selected numbers to the numbers drawn. All winnings during the draw are paid according to the paytable and depend on how many of your selected numbers match the 20 drawn balls. Lucky 8 Ball If the last ball drawn number is hit, it will award you with an 8x multiplier on any base game win. Button Glossary Play Press to start the game. Autoplay Press to access the autoplay menu. Stop Autoplay Press to stop the autoplay feature Stake Menu Press to open the stake selection menu. Stake Increase/Decrease Press the minus button (-) to decrease the stake amount for the next round. Press the plus button (+) to increase the stake amount for the next round. Clear Clear all selected numbers from the grid. Quick Pick Randomly select numbers from the grid. Speed Drag to change the speed of the drawn numbers from Normal/Fast. Game settings Access additional game settings, such as audio settings. Info Display game’s rules. Terms and Return to Player The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is between 91.85% and 92.15% depending on how many numbers are picked. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company. In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. In the event of equipment failure or planned/unplanned terminations, progressive jackpot parameters, (including jackpot values and incremental percentages), are fully restored with identical parameters, after restart. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, numbers picked, time of day, day of the week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid. Last modification date: 2/17/2026