Beam Boys ABOUT THE GAME Pack your safety goggles and immerse yourself in the world of Beam Boys - where the kittens finally teamed up with the laser pointers! Beam Boys is a 6-reel, 4-row game with ways-wins and a Wild Rows mechanic. The maximum win of 12,500 times your bet can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES VOLATILITY SWITCH The volatility switch is displayed outside the grid. Flip the switch to toggle between the extreme and normal volatility modes. Normal Volatility means that you usually win smaller but more often, Extreme Volatility means that you usually win bigger but less frequently WILD ROWS Wild Laser Cat Symbols can land on reels 2-6. When it lands, the Wild Laser Cat Symbol will shoot a laser beam to the left across all positions on the same row. All positions that are covered by a Wild Laser Cat Symbol or the laser beam become Wild symbols that substitute for all symbols in the paytable. BONUS GAME Land FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with free spins: 3 FS symbols awards 5 free spins; 4 FS symbols awards 10 free spins; 5 FS symbols awards 20 free spins; 6 FS symbols awards 40 free spins; Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols awards 4 extra spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol win amount is displayed above reflect the currently selected play level. The theoretical win amount for this game is 96.35% in the Normal Volatility mode. The theoretical win amount for this game is 96.26% in the Extreme Volatility mode. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Each winning combination of matching symbols creates a winning way. The number of possible ways in this game is 6561. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ play option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and values a set amount, based on your current play level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. If you switch volatility when the FeatureSpins feature is active, the FeatureSpins feature will be disabled immediately. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 12,500 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 5/8/2025