Balthazar’s Wild Emporium Introduction Balthazar’s Wild Emporium is a standard 5 reel slot game with 20 winlines (fixed). The game has 3 Freespin jackpots, the top jackpot being a 1000 Win Spins with Colossal Wilds. On activation of one of the jackpots, there is a unique cashing out feature. How to Play Each press of SPIN will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 2, 3, 4 or 5 of­a­kind symbols from left to right on any payline. Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the right of the screen. The stake will be shown in the stake meter. Features There are WILD magic orb symbols which substitute for all symbols. The Wild symbols can substitute for the other symbols to help create a line win, except scatters (feature trigger vial symbols).At the top of reels are 3 shelves containing 5 areas to collect vials to unlock the related ‘Free Spin’ Jackpots. The Free spin Jackpots are as follows: Pink Jackpot: 500 Free Spins with Stacked Wilds. Extra Wild symbols stacked in threes are added​ to the reels, which spin through the reel apertures to a random stop. Blue Jackpot: 750 Free Spins with Expanding Wilds. Any Wild symbols that land in view on reels 1​ to 5 will expand to fill the whole reel aperture. Gold Jackpot: 1000 Free Spins with Colossal Wilds. Extra Colossal Wild symbols, that can span​ more than 1 reel, are added to the reels. These spin through the reel apertures to a random stop. During the main game play there will be, at random, Pink, Blue and Gold vial symbols landing in the reel frames. These vials are scatters and trigger anywhere within the reel window on reels 1 and 2. Only 2 of­a­kind matching vial symbols, landing sequentially and paying left to right, will trigger the gamble event. The activated Free Spins feature will enter centre of the screen, showing the player how many vials they have collected and how many there are to go. Reels 3, 4 and 5 keep spinning in anticipation of more vials landing on the reels. The game will present to the player a Free Spin offer to buy the vials off the player by prompting them to 'Collect'. The player can choose either to take the amount of Free Spins offered and 'Collect' or 'Gamble' some or all of the Free Spins offered to see if further jackpot vials land on reels 3, 4 and 5. If the player has gambled some or all of the offered Free Spins and no further vial lands on the next reel, then the gamble event is over and any collected Free Spins then play out on the reels. If a further vial lands on the next reel, the gamble event will happen again. This will be the same on each of the reels, so the player is prompted to 'Collect’' or ‘Gamble’ on each of the outcomes for reel 3 and 4 if the same vials land in these reels. The player may part­collect some of their Free Spins at each gamble point. The collected Free Spins will be played out once reel 5 has a resolution. Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon above the Spin button will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the auto plays adjuster. Pressing the ‘i’ icon, on the right­hand side, will open the Paytable information. The player can tap the arrows left and right to access all the game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface.​ Accessing the Paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from leftmost reel to rightmost reel. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. General Information ● This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of between 88.19% and 94.02%. ● The maximum payout in one spin in this game is 500,000,00. ● System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. ● Due to high production values of this game, lower­tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. Copyright ● © Copyright 2016 CORE Gaming Limited – All rights reserved. ● Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 12/6/2017