Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure BILL & TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure is under license from Creative Licensing Corporation. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure is a 5x3, 20 line video slot featuring Excellent Respins and a Bodacious Free Spins bonus that includes Colossal symbols. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for BONUS symbols and EXCELLENT RESPINS symbols. WILD symbols exist on all reels. Bonus Symbol Rules: BONUS symbols exist on reels 1, 3 & 5 only in the base game and on all non-Colossal reels during Bodacious Free Spins. BONUS symbols pay anywhere on the reel. 3 BONUS symbols trigger 5 Bodacious Free Spins. EXCELLENT RESPINS Symbol Rules: EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols exist on all reels on the base game and on Colossal reels during Bodacious Free Spins. EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols pay anywhere on the reel. 6, 7 or 8 EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols trigger Level 1 Excellent Respins. 9, 10 or 11 EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols trigger Level 2 Excellent Respins. 12, 13 or 14 EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols trigger Level 3 Excellent Respins. 15 EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols trigger Level 4 Excellent Respins. Excellent Respins Rules: Level 1 Excellent Respins is played on a 5x3 grid. Level 2 Excellent Respins is played on a 5x4 grid with improved cash values compared to Level 1. Level 3 Excellent Respins is played on a 5x5 grid with improved cash values compared to Level 2. Level 4 Excellent Respins is played on a 5x6 grid with improved cash values compared to Level 3. Any EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols that land in the base game and trigger the feature convert to a character symbol and show a cash value or jackpot. The jackpot values are 25x, 75x, 200x, 1000x and 5000x the players bet. The cash values differ in each level. The cash values in level 1 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x and 10x the players bet. The cash values in level 2 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x,10x, 12x, 15x and 20x the players bet. The cash values in level 3 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x,10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x and 30x the players bet. The cash values in level 4 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x,10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x and 50x the players bet. These character symbols hold their positions on the grid when transitioning from the base game into EXCELLENT RESPINS. The player starts the feature with 3 respins. Each empty position spins independently. Either a character symbol or an EXCELLENT RESPIN symbol lands or the position is left empty. If no character symbols or EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols land in any of the empty symbol positions, the respin counter goes down by 1. If a character symbol or an EXCELLENT RESPIN symbol lands in any of the empty symbol positions, the respin counter is reset to 3. When a EXCELLENT RESPIN symbol lands, it holds its place but has no value. If 3 EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols land or if the player fills their current grid they progress to the next level. If the player progresses to the next level, the sum of all of the cash values and jackpots that landed in the previous level are collected by a single collector symbol. This collector symbol holds it's position on the grid of the next level. The bonus ends when the player has no respins remaining or they have filled all positions of the Level 4 grid. The first 4 Jackpots can be won in any level. If the player fills all positions on the Level 4 grid they are awarded the Max Jackpot. No additional EXCELLENT RESPIN symbols can land during Level 4. At the end of the bonus, all cash values and jackpots are added together and collected. Bodacious Free Spins Rules: A 3x3 COLOSSAL symbol exists during the Bodacious Free Spins Bonus. The 3x3 COLOSSAL symbol can land on reels 1, 2 &3 or reels 2, 3 & 4 or reels 3, 4 & 5. BONUS symbols may land on any reel that does not contain the COLOSSAL symbol. 2 additional free spins are awarded for every BONUS symbol that lands during the Bodacious Free Spins Bonus. There is no cap on the amount of additional free spins that can be awarded. The EXCELLENT RESPIN symbol can land as a COLOSSAL symbol during the Bodacious Free Spins Bonus. If a COLOSSAL EXCELLENT RESPINS symbols lands during the Bodacious Free Spins Bonus it will be counted as 9 individual EXCELLENT RESPINS symbols. After the Excellent Respin Bonus has ended the player will return to the Bodacious Free Spins Bonus to complete any remaining free spins. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy The Bodacious Free Spins Bonus or the Excellent Respins Bonus from the base game. Paying 35x the players regular bet triggers the Bodacious Free Spins Bonus with a RTP of 94.49%. Paying 70x the players regular bet triggers Excellent Respins with a RTP of 94.48%. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.41%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. © copyright 2025 Atlantic Digital – all rights reserved. Bill and Ted’s Excellent Adventure characters and images ™ & © 1989, 2025 Creative Licensing Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 5/14/2025