Bullion Bars Grab The Gold 1 Introduction Bullion Bars – Grab the Gold is a 3x3 random slot game with a ‘pick a prize’ bonus feature triggered by getting three vault symbols on an active win line. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'BET PER LINE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the ‘LINES SELECT’ button to change the number of lines in play. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your bet multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Up to 9 win lines can be selected per game. Wins can occur across any of the win lines. All line wins pay left to right only. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the bonus (vault) symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game. 4 Bullion Ladder To the right of the reels is the Bullion Ladder. Each bullion bar on the ladder shows a multiplier value. On every game the ladder moves down one position. The lowest bar is removed and is replaced by a new one at the top. When the bonus is triggered, the values on the bullion ladder at that time are taken into the feature. The bar values on the ladder are between 5x and 999x the bet per line. Values shown on bullion ladder are multiplied by the bet per line. Values shown on bullion ladder are remembered across each bet and line combination. 5 Bonus Trigger 3 vault symbols on an active win line trigger the Grab the Gold bonus game. 6 Grab the Gold Bonus In the bonus the player must select gold bars from the Bullion Ladder. At the start of the first round the three bars at the bottom of the ladder are shown in a random order in the middle of the screen. The player selects a bar to reveal one of the three corresponding prizes, which is added to the Total Win display. The bars are removed and the ladder steps down three places to show the values for the next round. Bars with new values are added at the top of the ladder, which may include a COLLECT bar. The bonus ends if the player chooses a COLLECT bar. 7 Super Bar Trail Every time a round is completed an arrow is lit on the Super Bar trail. If the player completes round 10 the whole trail will be lit, and the safe will be unlocked to release the Super Bar. The value of the Super Bar is revealed before it is added to the top of the Bullion Ladder. If the player reaches the final round, they will have a 1 in 3 chance of picking the Super Bar. The Super Bar value will be between 1000x and 9999x the bet per line. 8 General Information 8.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 8.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is at least 95.00%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is at least 95.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/28/2021