Big Prize Bubblegum Big Prize Bubblegumis a 5 reel slot game with a Free Spins Featureand Pick Until You Pop Bonus Gameto boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 1024ways. Payouts depend onthe selected bet value and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.01%. BIG PRIZE BUBBLEGUMFREE SPINS FEATURE Free spin scatter symbols may appear on any reel.A total of 100 free spins may be awarded over the course of the free spins feature. If the free spin limit of 100 is reached, no more free spins are awarded for that game. Each spin over the limit awards 100 credits. Free spins use an alternate set of reels. Free spins will auto-start once a free spin scatter coin appears on the reels. Additional Information There are 1024 ways to win.Bet a minimum of 50 credits to play 1024 ways to win Winning combinations may contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the far left reel.Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. For multiple denomination games, press the denomination button to change the value. Free spins are limited to 100. If the free spin limit of 100 is reached, no more free spins are awarded for that game. Displayed results do not indicated likelihood of winning a future play. Awarded toys remain on the reels. Increase your denomination to increase your return. Malfunction voids all pays and plays How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: Spin : Spins the reels. AUTOPLAY : When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button willdisplay the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY : Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOPbutton. Continue : During free games, this button when appears allow players to skip to the next free game. HOME : Accesses Casino menu. SETTINGS : Accesses the SETTING page for HOME, INFO, PLAY, SOUND Option, BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: WAYS : The game is fixed to 1024ways. BET : Move the slider Left or right to adjust the BET you want to play. AUTOPLAY : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95, 100. INFO : Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE : Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance:Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 12/28/2021