Bars and 7s 1 Introduction Bars and 7s is a 10 line, 5x3 slot game featuring Free Spins, Pots Bonus and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Wins on different played lines are added. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All line wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for the B+O+N+U+S symbols. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the Free Spins. The Bonus symbols appears on all reels in both the base game and the Free Spins. B is available on reel 1 only O is available on reel 2 only N is available on reel 3 only U is available on reel 4 only S is available on reel 5 only 4 Bonus 4.1 Bonus Entry B+O+N+U+S in view during the base game awards either Free Spins or Pots Bonus. B+O+N+U+S in view during Free Spins awards additional Free Spins. If B+O+N+U+S appears in view during the base game, the S symbol on the 5 th reel will change to either a Free Spins symbol or a Pot symbol to show which bonus has been awarded. If the Pots Bonus is awarded, the player will be taken to the Pots Bonus screen to determine which pot they will be awarded. If Free Spins are awarded, the B+O+N+U+S symbols will change to ‘Pick Me’ symbols. The player must select one of the ‘Pick Me’ symbols to determine the number of times they get to spin the Free Spins wheel. The number of available spins of the wheel are 1, 2 and 3. 4.2 Free Spins Once the number of wheel spins has been selected, the player is presented with the Free Spins wheel to determine how many Free Spins will be awarded. The number of Free Spins available on the wheel are 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30. The player must press ‘Spin’ to spin the wheel to determine the number of Free Spins they are awarded. They are awarded the number of Free Spins chosen via the pointer. The player must spin the wheel the number of times that was selected from the ‘Pick Me’. The result of all wheel spins are cumulative. Once all wheel spins have been used, the player will enter the Free Spins, where the number of Free Spins awarded from the wheel spins are played out. During each Free Spin, there is a chance that a x2 multiplier will become active. If the x2 multiplier is active, all wins for that spin will be multiplied by 2. A retrigger is available during Free Spins. If B+O+N+U+S appears in view during the Free Spins, the B+O+N+U+S symbols will change to ‘Pick Me’. The player must select one of the ‘Pick Me’ symbols to determine the number of times they get to spin the Free Spins wheel. 4.3 Pots Bonus Once the player is taken to the Pots Bonus screen, they are presented with three wheels with Minor, Major and Grand segments. The played must choose one of the three wheels and press ‘Spin’ to spin that wheel in order to populate the matrices. The pointer can land on Minor, Major or Grand, and landing on one of these fills a position on the corresponding matrix. The player must keep spinning the wheels until one of the matrices are filled. The Pot corresponding to the first matrix to be filled will be awarded to the player. The player will be awarded the value of that corresponding Pot. 4.4 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 4.5 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this rati 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.00%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/24/2020