Book of Relics BOOK is wild and substitutes for all symbols with the exception of expanding symbol wins during freespins. Land 3 or more scattered BOOK symbols to trigger FREE SPINS. BOOK symbols appear on all reels. Scatter wins are paid in addition to win lines. FREE SPINS: Land 3 BOOK symbols to be awarded 10 FREE SPINS and 2x total bet. Land 4 BOOK symbols to be awarded 15 FREE SPINS and 20x total bet. Land 5 BOOK symbols to be awarded 20 FREE SPINS and 200x total bet. During free spins, win 10, 15 or 20 additional FREE SPINS by landing 3, 4 or 5 BOOK symbols respectively. Free spins are played Total bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the free spins. EXPANDING SYMBOLS: A symbol is randomly chosen before the free spins are played. When the chosen symbol lands during free spins, it will expand to cover the entire reel. The chosen symbol will only expand if it can award additional winlines. These winlines consist of only expanded symbols, ignoring reels that have no expanded symbols on These winlines do not have to start from the leftmost reel. Standard winlines get assessed and pays out first, then the expanding occurs if applicable and pays out again. If additional free spins are awarded, the chosen symbol will remain the same. MEGA DROP: Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. LEGAL NOTICES: All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. The theoretical return to player with and without Mega Drop is as follows: With Mega Drop: 96.36% Without Mega Drop: 94.36% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/31/2021