Beef Lightning Introducing the game Beef Lightning‚ĄĘ is a six-reel video slot featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megaways‚ĄĘ. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Reactions Every winning symbol and Bonus symbol, except Scatters, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above. Symbol Wins Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus. Wilds occur on Reels 2 to 6 only. At any time, up to three Wilds can duplicate over their reel. If a Wild Duplication occurs, all symbols on that reel are replaced by Wilds. Wild Duplications can occur in reactions. Scatter Scatter can appear on any reel. 3 or more Scatters in any position awards 12 Free Spins, plus 4 for each Scatter beyond the third. Scatter does not appear in Free Spins. Free Spins A Cow Auction commences in which you start with one cow and no bids. At the end of the Free Spins, the number of cows is multiplied by the final bid and awarded as a bonus prize. Every Bonus Coin reveals an Increased Number of Cows, a Cow Auction Bid, a Retrigger, a Gold Trophy, a Silver Medal or a Bronze Medal. Bonus Coin appears in Free Spins only An Increased Number of Cows add extra cows to the auction. A Cow Auction Bid increases the current bid. Free Spins, Continued A Retrigger awards 10 Free Spins. Gold Trophies, Silver Medals and Bronze Medals increase their respective meters. 5 Gold Trophies awards 25,000 x stake. 4 Silver Medals awards 2,500 x stake. 3 Bronze Medals awards 500 x stake. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.43%. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/26/2021