Battle Maidens Rules: You play a fixed 20 coins per spin with 1024 win ways. The value of the coin is: Bet value/20. Only the highest win on any win way is paid. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Features: This game features Freespins, Wilds, Transforming Wilds, Sticky Wilds, Expanding Wilds and Win Multipliers. Wilds substitute for all non-special symbols and will pay as the highest win. Wilds can only appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5. Getting 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Symbols in normal play awards 10 Freespins. Only the Scatter Symbols that triggered the freespins will appear during freespins. Scatter Symbols are restricted to only appearing on a specific reel during normal play, however, can appear on any reel during Freespins During Freespins the paytable shows what is awarded each time a Scatter Symbol appears. Expanding wilds only expand if they are part of a winning combination. Buy A Feature: The 'Buy A Feature' functionality may not be available in your jurisdiction. If you are able to buy a feature the 'Buy A Feature' button will appear next to the reels. Before you enter the buy a feature screen you may wish to adjust your stake as this will impact the cost of buying features. To buy a feature select 'Buy A Feature', then select which of the three Scatter symbols you wish to appear on your reels. Each Scatter Symbol has its own feature that will be added to the freespins if they are selected. Each unique combination will have different chances of winning prizes and will be priced accordingly. You can change the base stake of the game by exiting this menu and adjusting the stake then returning to this menu. Once you have selected your 3 Scatter Symbols you will be asked to confirm you are happy with your total bet value before the feature will start. You can back out of buying the feature at any point up until you have confirmed it. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020