Bruce Lee Base Game WILD FEATURE WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Feature Description EXPANDED WILD The free spin feature is triggered 3 different ways. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Method 1 If reels 1A, 2A, 1B, and 2B contain 4 matching symbols (WILD included) and 3 scattered FEATURE symbols on reels 3, 4, and 5, 20 free spins are awarded. Reels 1A, 2A, 1B, and 2B are held and 1 EXPANDED WILD symbol will land on either reel 3, 4, or 5 making it wild, and 1 WILD symbol will land in a random position on each of the other two reels on each spin. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. During free spins, the feature cannot be retriggered and FEATURE symbols do not appear on the reels on each spin. Method 2 If reels 1A, 2A, 1B, and 2B contain 4 matching symbols, 5 free spins are awarded with reels 1A, 1B, 2A, and 2B held. During free spins, 3 scattered FEATURE symbols add 5 additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining. Method 3 If there are 3 scattered FEATURE symbols on reels 3, 4, and 5, 5 free spins are awarded. 1 EXPANDED WILD symbol will land on either reel 3, 4, or 5 making it wild, and 1 WILD symbol will land in a random position on each of the other two reels on each spin. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. During free spins, the feature cannot be retriggered and FEATURE symbols do not appear on the reels on each spin. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.05%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/28/2021