Big Hot Flaming Pots Tasty Treasures Big Hot Flaming Pots Tasty Treasures Big Hot Flaming Pots Tasty Treasures is a Bet 44, 243 Ways slot game, with the following features: Stack N’ Hit Jackpots During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the bet amount played and the winning combination of symbol achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.52% with any bet. GAME RULES WILD Wild is Wild, and substitutes for all symbols except Green, Purple, Red, and Bun. Wild only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. SYMBOL PAYS Before the base game reel spin initiates, a number of positions are replaced with Sushi, Roe, Empanada, Onion, StarAnise, A, K, Q, J, 9, or 8. During the base game, when part of Wild appears on a reel and is part of a winning combination, it will nudge to cover all the positions on that reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All Reel Ways pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All Reel Ways must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All pays in credits. STACK N’ HIT Green, Purple, and Red are Scatter Symbols. Before the base game reel spin initiates, a number of positions are replaced with a random Scatter Symbol. Each Scatter Symbol displays a prize value, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI. 1, 2, or 3 Scatter Symbols may trigger the corresponding feature, and 4 or more Scatter Symbols will trigger the corresponding feature. If triggered, the feature type and number of spins awarded will depend on the combination of Scatter Symbols that appear during the base game as per the table below: Triggering Scatter Symbols Feature Awarded Number of Spins Green only Yummy Feature 4 Purple only Spicy Feature 3 Red only Upsized Feature 3 Green and Purple only Yummy Spicy Feature 4 Green and Red only Yummy Upsized Feature 4 Purple and Red only Spicy Upsized Feature 3 Green, Purple and Red only Yummy Spicy Upsized Feature 4 When a feature is triggered, before the feature starts, all Scatter Symbols transform into Bun and retain the same prize. Additionally, a number of Bun are randomly placed on the grid to bring the total number of Bun to 3-10. Bun displays a prize, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI. Bun prizes of 8, 10, 12, 15, 20, 25, 50, 62, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200 and 250 credits are available at min bet. All triggering Bun will be held in place. If the feature was triggered with Red, then the feature is played with 2 grids labeled FEATURE 1 and FEATURE 2. All triggering Bun are held in place in FEATURE 1 and FEATURE 2. If the feature was triggered with Green, during the feature, if no Bun or Chilli land on a grid for the first 4 spins, then additional 4 spins are awarded for that grid. If the feature was triggered without Green, during the feature, if no Bun or Chilli land on a grid for the first 3 spins, then additional 3 spins are awarded for that grid. During each spin, any additional Bun or Chilli that lands on a grid will be held and will reset number of spins remaining for that grid to the number of spins awarded at the start of that feature. Chilli displays a prize, MINOR, or MINI. Chilli prizes of 8, 10, 12, 15, 20, 25, 50, 62, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200 and 250 credits are available at min bet. The prize displayed on each Chilli will be added to the prize displayed on all Bun on that grid. At the end of the current spin, all Chilli will transform into Bun and retain the same prize. Chilli is available only when the feature is triggered with Purple. Before each spin, if all positions of a column in a grid are held, then the prize displayed on each Bun on that column is awarded and all Bun from that column are removed. Additionally, Pepper above that column is activated for the rest of the feature. If Pepper above all columns in a grid are activated, then GRAND is awarded for that grid. GRAND can be awarded only once per feature. The distribution of prizes displayed on Bun and Scatter Symbols changes with bet option. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on each Bun is awarded. Each feature uses an alternate set of reels. Only Bun and Chilli are evaluated during the feature. JACKPOTS MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes are fixed, and are not progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot prizes may appear during the base game and during the Stack N’ Hit feature. MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots are progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. GRAND Jackpot only appears during the Stack N’ Hit feature. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving the MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots. If GRAND or MAJOR is awarded, the value displayed on the corresponding meter is awarded and then the meter will reset before any additional prizes are awarded. The following contributions are made from each bet: 0.4% of the bet is contributed to the GRAND Jackpot. The next GRAND Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 500000 credits. 0.35% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. The next MAJOR Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 80000 credits. The Progressive Jackpot prizes cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. MAJOR can be awarded more than once per grid. Any subsequent Major in the same round awards 80000 credits without any pooled increment. GRAND can be awarded only once per grid. Any subsequent GRAND in the same round awards 500000 credits without any pooled increment. The respective Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. There exist theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot amount may differ. If a player is in a feature and another player has won a Progressive Jackpot, then the same displayed Progressive Jackpot amount will differ to that on the server. This difference will be that the displayed Progressive Jackpot will not yet be updated to the re-seeded value on the server. The displayed Progressive Jackpot will update to the server Progressive Jackpot value, at the conclusion of the Stack N’ Hit Feature. REEL WAYSTM Play bet 44 for Reel Ways. Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination but may create separate winning combinations. All Reel Ways pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. The appearance of pots and fire over time is for presentation only. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOW TO PLAY Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during the Stack N’ Hit feature at the end of the feature. Feature Win: Displays the accumulated wins of the buns currently collected in the Stack N’ Hit feature. Spins Remaining: Displays the number of spins remaining of the Stack N’ Hit feature. Last modification date: 1/6/2026