Blazing Goddess Blazing Goddess is a Bet 50, 1024 ways 5 reel slot game with a Blazing Goddess Bonus Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 5 reels. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.389%. Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All wins pay left to right, except Scatter which pays any. 50 coins plays 1024 ways. Scatter wins are multiplied by bet Highest win paid per winning combination Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Bonus wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. Scatter wins (if available) are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. Wild Blazing Goddess substitutes for all symbols except Scatter (Bonus), and appears only on reels 2 & 4 Wins with Wild Blazing Goddess substituting are DOUBLED. For all symbols, except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. BLAZING GODDESS BONUS RULES 3, 4 or 5 scatters triggers 6, 15 or 30 Free Games respectively. During Free Games Extra Wild Fireballs are added to reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild Fireballs substitute for all symbols except Scatter Bonus. Wild Fireballs do not double the prize. Free Games can be re-triggered. Free Games are played at the same Multiplier Bet as the triggering game. Different Reels are used during Free Games. 1024 WAYS For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively Coinciding wins are added. Free Games can be retriggered and are added to the Bonus currently being played. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Fireball wilds do not double the pay when substituting. Different reel strips are used in Free Games. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play This is a Bet 50, 1024 ways game and the Multiplier Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the option. The Max button for Bet will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. If Loss Exceeds: Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. Last Settings Button: This button appears after the player has played one Autoplay session. Pressing this button restores the number of spins, and all limits set by the player that were used on the previous Autoplay session. This allows the player to quickly play Autoplay. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Multiplier Bet: Displays the staked amount per Ways Bet 50 to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Ways Bet 50 multiplied by the Multiplier Bet. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020