Big Bounty Cash Boom About Big Bounty Cash Boom is a cascading slot game with expanding playing area using the Wildfire Reels™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable). The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Wildfire Reels™ Symbols drop to fill the 5x9 playing area on each game. A 5x3 reel area is randomly selected as the active area on each spin. A wild arrow landing in the active area will expand the active area in the direction of the arrow to the top or bottom of the reels and leave a trail of wilds. Overlapping wilds apply a multiplier that increases by 1 with each time a wild overlaps. The wild multipliers apply to any line win incorporating the symbol. Wins are paid for 3 or more like symbols on an active win line. Winning symbols explode and start a cascade with symbols above falling down and new symbols filling the gaps. Cascades continue until no new wins are generated or the maximum win cap is reached. Modifiers Any of the modifiers can be triggered randomly on any spin Reel Nudge: the active area is moved up or down one position. Row Boost: the active area is increased and a multiplier is applied to any line wins generated. Add Arrow: a wild arrow is added to the reels within the active area. Symbol Boost: all low paying symbols are removed for the upcoming spin. Big Win: big win guaranteed on the spin. Double Arrow: two wild arrows guaranteed on the spin. Free Spins Landing 3, 4,or 5 bonus symbols in the active area triggers the free spins bonus game. 7 free spins are awarded with the active area size and multiplier increasing with each spin. 5 bonus symbols: Spin 1 - 5x3 active area and win multiplier x3 Spin 2 - 5x4 active area and win multiplier x4 Spin 3 - 5x5 active area and win multiplier x5 Spin 4 - 5x6 active area and win multiplier x7 Spin 5 - 5x7 active area and win multiplier x10 Spin 6 - 5x8 active area and win multiplier x20 Spin 7 - 5x9 active area and win multiplier x50 4 bonus symbols: Spin 1 - 5x3 active area and win multiplier x2 Spin 2 - 5x4 active area and win multiplier x3 Spin 3 - 5x5 active area and win multiplier x4 Spin 4 - 5x6 active area and win multiplier x5 Spin 5 - 5x7 active area and win multiplier x7 Spin 6 - 5x8 active area and win multiplier x10 Spin 7 - 5x9 active area and win multiplier x20 3 bonus symbols: Spin 1 - 5x3 active area and win multiplier x1 Spin 2 - 5x4 active area and win multiplier x2 Spin 3 - 5x5 active area and win multiplier x3 Spin 4 - 5x6 active area and win multiplier x4 Spin 5 - 5x7 active area and win multiplier x5 Spin 6 - 5x8 active area and win multiplier x7 Spin 7 - 5x9 active area and win multiplier x10 You can also buy the bonus using the buy a bonus button (where available). Rules Only the highest win per line is paid. Wins on distinct lines are added. All line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right only. Wins are multiplied by the current base stake. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for bonus. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 94.02% Buy bonus return to player 94.00% (availability depends on jurisdiction) Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour/hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 1/27/2026