Blood and Gold Help File Blood and Gold Blood and Gold is a Bet 30, 25-line 3x5 Reel slot game with Battle Rounds. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.03% with any bet. Battle Rounds 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 or 15 Scatter Shield triggers Battle Rounds during Base Game. Scatter Shield Symbols pay the displayed prize when triggered. Pick your kingdom to begin the Battle Rounds. Blue Kingdom Red Kingdom Blue Flag Red Flag Kingdom Pick remains the same for the duration of Battle Rounds. Battle occurs after each spin. Match 2 or 3 of your Kingdom’s Flag to win the Battle. All prizes on screen are awarded if the Battle is won. Scatter Shield Heart awards an additional life during a winning Battle Round. Scatter Shield Heart appears on reel 3 only. Scatter Shield Heart appears only when 1, 2, 3 or 4 lives remain. A life is taken when a Battle is lost. Battle Rounds start with 3 lives. Battle Rounds continue if 1 or more lives remain. Rules 30 Coins plays 25 lines. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Shield. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatter Shield which pays any. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Battle Rounds. Battle Round: Displays the number of Rounds played so far. Lives: Displays the current number of lives remaining during Battle Rounds. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY. View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOPAUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. Menu Tab Buttons PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 3/21/2023