Blown Away Blown Away is a Bet 25, 25-line 3x5 Reel slot game with a Tornado Respin Bonus & Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.70% with any bet. Game Rules Tornado Respin Substitutes for all symbols except Appears on reel 5 only Trigger respin with any tornado during base game & continue respinning with any subsequent tornado symbol. Tornado will remove the lowest value royal symbol for the remaining respins or Free Games every time it lands. Free Games can increase the Free Game multiplier if the cow is caught by the tornado. If the cow runs away no multiplied is awarded. Multiply wins up to 7x during Free Games. If lands on the last Free Game a respin is awarded, with any subsequent awarding further respins RULES 25 Coins plays 25 lines. Walrus is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER & tornado. Tornado is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Tornado appears on reel 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. All wins on selected paylines only, except SCATTER which pays any. Wins on different paylines are added. SCATTER wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER trigger 10 FREE GAMES. Free Games cannot be triggered during respins. Tornado respin and Free Games can be triggered on the same spin. If both are triggered simultaneously the tornado respins will be played first followed by the Free Games. The royal meter always resets before Free Games. During Free Games, once all royals have been removed the multiplier can no longer change. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Free games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Respins are played at the triggering lines and bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Free Games MAIN GAME BUTTONS: BET Adjusts the BET staked. (+) button raises your BET, (-) button lowers your BET. SPIN Spins the reels. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to INFO, AUTOPLAY, BET and SOUND tabs. MENU TAB BUTTONS: INFO View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SOUND View available sound settings. RETURN Closes MENU and returns to the game. Last modification date: 12/28/2021