Buster Hammer Buster Hammer – Help File 1 Buster Hammer Buster Hammer is a 5 reel slot game with WILD HAMMER MULTIPLIER, FREE SPINS and a SUPER SEAL FEATURE to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of 243 payways. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is: 8 Free Spins with Wild Multipliers x 2 : 95.804% 6 Free Spins with Wild Multipliers x 3 : 95.831% 4 Free Spins with Wild Multipliers x 5 : 95.886% 2 Rules 2.1 Game Rules 25 coins plays 243 ways. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. All wins (except scattered Circus Tents) multiplied by the bet. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Winning combinations can occur anywhere on all reels. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, except scattered Circus Tents which pay any. Wild Hammer substitutes for all symbols except scattered Circus Tent. Wild Hammer appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Circus Tent appears on Reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Buster Hammer – Help File 2.2 Wild Hammer Multiplier A multiplier of up to x5 is applied to Wild Hammers that take part in a win. The Wild Hammer multiplier is applied to any win combination the Wild Hammer occurs in. If more than one Wild Hammer appears in a win combination, the Wild Hammer multipliers are added. 2.3 Free Spins 3 scattered Circus Tents award the Free Spins feature. 4, 6 or 8 Free Spins can be chosen. If 4 Free Spins are chosen, all Wild Hammer multipliers are quintupled. If 6 Free Spins are chosen, all Wild Hammer multipliers are tripled. If 8 Free Spins are chosen, all Wild Hammer multipliers are doubled. Free Spins can not be retriggered. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. 2.4 Super Seal Feature The Super Seal Feature is triggered at random after a base game spin. An initial prize of up to 5x total bet is awarded. Up to 3 multipliers are applied of up to 5x each. Multipliers are added with the total being applied to the initial prize. Win a total prize of up to 75x total bet. Super Seal Feature can not be triggered during Free Spins. 3 How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the bet meter. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 250 spins, with an extra option to play continuously until a feature is triggered (i.e. Free Spins or Super Seal Feature). When playing in a UK jurisdiction, a UK-specific dialog is used where a spin count of 1 to 100 must be selected, as well as a bet to play each autospin at, a total autoplay session loss limit, with optional settings for a single win limit and cancellation on feature trigger (i.e. Free Spins or Super Seal Feature) Buster Hammer – Help File Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the base bet amount to be played (multiplied by a maximum 243 way multiplier of 25) Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the 243 way multiplier (x25) The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020