Blazing X Asia HOW TO PLAY BLAZING X MULTIPLIER The WILD symbol on reel 3 will trigger the Blazing X multiplier. If the WILD symbol lands anywhere on reel 3, the symbol will move to fill all 5 positions before the reels are evaluated for wins. On landing the WILD symbol, the game will increase the multiplier amount displayed on the left of the reels. The multiplier starts at 1x and will initially increase to 2x, and can increase up to 25x. The multiplier will increase in the following order: 1x > 2x > 3x > 5x > 10x > 25x All winnings earned will be multiplied by the multiplier amount shown until the multiplier resets. Once the multiplier has increased past 1x, the player will have 3 wagers to land another WILD symbol before the multiplier resets to 1x. The amount of wagers remaining until the multiplier resets can be seen on the right of the reels. If a WILD symbol lands on the reels while the multiplier is at 25x, the multiplier will not increase any further, but the amount of wagers remaining will reset back to 3. Changing the wager will reset the Blazing X multiplier to 1x and the chances remaining to 0. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the dragon symbol. Wild symbol will only appear on reel 3 for both base game and free spins. FREE SPINS Dragon symbols are Scatter symbols. Dragon symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. If a dragon symbol lands on all 3 in a single spin, the player will be awarded 10 free games. In addition, the player is awarded 2x their stake multiplied by any Blazing X multiplier they may have. Dragon symbols only appear on the reels in base game, and will not appear during free spins. BLAZING X MULTIPLIER When free spins is triggered, the current multiplier earned will carry into free spins. The multiplier can still be increased in free spins by landing a WILD symbol on reel 3. The multiplier cannot be reset in free spins and will persist until free spins ends. On returning to base game, the multiplier will reset back to the multiplier amount that the player had before entering free spins. Free spins use the same awards and win lines as the triggering game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to win lines. WINLINES This game contains 40 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the game paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only active win lines can register wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 95.94%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game depends only on the current multiplier. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserv Last modification date: 12/28/2021