Book of Toro Game rules 1. Book of Toro is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with spinning reels and 10 paylines. 2. The game oﬀers several bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. 8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins (if available in the applicable jurisdiction). The player can change preference in Settings. 9. Book of Toro is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. 10. The wild and the wild book symbol substitute for any symbol except the mummy, Toro and other wild symbols. 11. A payline of only wild symbols pay as the highest value symbol. 12. Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that only appears on reel 5. The Toro moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. 13. Book symbols are kept sticky as long as at least one Toro is in view. A potential Bonus mode will be triggered when all wins have been paid out and all Toro symbols have left the screen. 14. Two or more mummy symbols trigger Mummy Respin. The mummy symbols lock into position and stay sticky during the following respin. 15. Additional mummy symbols appearing during ongoing Mummy Respin might prolong the respins. All Mummy Respins end when a Toro appears. 16. Landing a Toro when mummy symbols are in view or landing one or more mummy symbols when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. 17. During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all mummy symbols oﬀ, leaving wild symbols behind. Toro continues to attack until all mummy symbols are defeated. 18. Toro starts by attacking mummy symbols on the same reel. He then looks to the left and continues to attack to the left as long as there are additional mummy symbols. He finally looks to the right and attacks all mummy symbols on his rights side. 19. Only one Toro is actively attacking mummy symbols at a time. He will stay active until he leaves the screen, even though there might be more than one Toro on the reels. 20. Three or more book symbols during Normal mode trigger the Bonus mode with free spins. 3 book symbols: 10 free spins 4 book symbols: 15 free spins 5 book symbols: 20 free spins 21. A symbol is randomly selected for expansion and scatter pay at the beginning of Bonus mode. 22. At least two instances of a high or mid value expanding symbol, or at least three instances of a low value expanding symbol, on inpidual reels are required to trigger the scatter pay feature. After potential payline wins the expanding symbols expand to cover the whole reels and pay out a scatter win. 23. Toro substitutes for an expanding symbol on one reel if there is at least one expanding symbol on another reel. A wild symbol can not trigger the expansion feature. 24. An expanding symbol that becomes covered by a wild when Toro passes over it during his chase for mummy symbols can still trigger the scatter pay feature. 25. Free spins are put on hold when a Toro appears or when Mummy Respin is triggered. The bonus game is reactivated when the last Toro leaves the screen and all respins are completed. The scatter pay feature is kept active until the Bonus mode ends. 26. Three or more book symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins, and an additional expanding symbol is selected. Up to 3 expanding symbols can be selected thereafter only additional free spins will be awarded. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. 27. The Free Spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. 28. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. 29. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. 30. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached. 31. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Book of Toro is 32. The game has a maximum win of 10 000x the placed bet. 33. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter game rules The X-iter feature oﬀers 5 diﬀerent game modes. Mummy Respin: 1 spin with guaranteed Mummy Respin at the cost of 10x the selected bet. Toro: 1 spin with a guaranteed Toro at the cost of 25x the selected bet. All book symbols that appear during the respins remain Sticky. Mini Bonus: 3 spins with a randomly selected expansion symbol applicable for the scatter pay feature at the cost of 50x the selected bet. Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the Free Spins bonus game at the cost of 100x the selected bet. Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super Free Spins bonus game at the cost of 500x the selected bet. The persistent multiplier starts at x1 and increases one step at the beginning of each subsequent respin and free spin. All book symbols that appear are sticky and expansion symbols are kept sticky as long as at least one additional expansion symbol lands in view, or until there is at least one expansion symbol on each reel. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/10/2026