Beehive Bedlam Introduction Beehive Bedlam Reactors is a reactor game. The game has a free games feature and also a persistent bonus of 10 stages in 10 worlds. The game also has a progressive Jackpot which can be won in the Free Falls Bonus Round. How to Play Each press of ‘Play’ creates a cascade of new symbols in the 7x7 grid. Each symbol is hexagonal in its format. The symbols have 6 active sides which react to touching symbols. Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the Stake '+' and '-' buttons. Auto Plays The player can choose to place bets automatically, one after another. By adjusting Auto Plays, the player can set the number of plays they want. Press the 'Menu' button above the 'Play' button, and then select 'Game Settings'. Use the '+' and '-' buttons to adjust the number of Auto Plays. You can stop Auto Plays by pressing the ‘Stop’ button on the main game interface. Auto plays will stop if you get the Honey Jar Bonus round or Free Falls, (free play mode). How do I win? Each play creates a cascade of new symbols in the 7x7 grid. Each symbol is hexagonal in its format, the symbols have 6 active sides which react to touching symbols. Any 5 or more symbols of the same kind connecting cause them to 'burst' and an award associated to that symbol, (specified in the ‘Paytable’ in the menu), is paid to the player. Any burst symbols disappear and further symbols to replace the vacant areas left by those burst symbols drop vertically into place. Any further symbols, 5+ of a kind or more will burst and the reaction will keep going with further symbols dropping down until there are no more 5+ of a kind touching symbols. Only the highest win per reaction is paid. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the Paytable. Free Falls Feature During the main game play there will be, at random, 'Free Falls' symbols within the 7x7 grid. If 3 or more ‘Free Falls' connect and burst they trigger the ‘Free Falls’ feature. This feature is similar to 'Free Spins' in a normal slots game. This feature will be played out based upon the number of trigger symbols, (x3, x4, x5 and x6+). This will trigger 8, 10, 12 or 15 Free Falls respectively. On trigger of the Free Falls feature, there will be free games played out without decrementing of the player’s balance. Any wins are awarded to the player. Honey Jar Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Falls, however, Free Falls can be re-triggered. Honey Jar Bonus Activation During the main game, if 5 or more Beekeepers burst, then the Honey Jar is incremented. There are 20 incremental segments to fill the Honey Jar. Once the Honey Jar is filled, then the Bonus World feature is triggered. Honey Jar Bonus Feature Once a player triggers the Honey Jar Bonus, they are presented with a 'World Bonus' interface. Within each world there are 10 stages (islands). They are presented as locked until the player has completed the current unlocked bonus stage (Island). There are 10 worlds to explore and play. In each of the 10 worlds, there are 10 stages, (Islands) to complete. Each Stage is themed to the world the player is in. The idea of the bonus feature is for the player to tap the screen to keep the bee flying in the air. The bee will move left to right in a single movement at a single trajectory speed. The player taps the screen to keep the bee in the air and as the world moves, the player must avoid objects and collect coins which have a value and paid to the player at the end of the feature. Bonus World to World Once the player has completed all 10 stages (Islands) of any particular Bonus game world, they will be awarded a ‘World Bonus’ pay out. There are several bonus prizes to be won: 1) The Island prizes are multipliers of the average stake of the games contributing toward filling up that Honey Jar. 2) The World Prize is a multiplier of the average stake of all the games during that World. 3) The End-of-Game prize is a multiplier of the average stake of all the games since the beginning (all the 10 Worlds). In the game there will be achievements which will be persistent until completed. The achievements are viewable by the player via the 'Menu' button in 'Achievements'. Progressive Jackpot At the end of Free Falls on the very last reaction, Bees will appear on screen and drop letters into the letter spaces spelling JACKPOT. The Bees will drop letters at random. If the Bees drop all seven letters spelling Jackpot into the spaces, the current progressive value will be awarded to the player. Buttons Tapping the ‘Menu’ button above the ‘Play’ button will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access Achievements, Pay Table, Game Settings, Sound Settings, World Progression and Game Tutorial pages. In the Game Settings there is a bet adjuster to alter Auto plays. Once within the Paytable information, the player can tap the arrows left and right to access all the game information. Tapping the ‘X’ button will return to the main game interface. Accessing the Settings panel will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off. On a device that is compatible the player can also turn the vibrate function On/Off. The default setting will be ON for both of these on launch of the game. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser etc), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last play or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player ranging from 92.84% to 94.37% dependant on gameplay and world progression. The maximum payout in one play is £250,000 / €250,000. Progressive Jackpot can exceed £250,000 / €250,000. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and in certain instances you will not be able to play. Copyright © Copyright 2015 CORE Gaming Limited – All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images, icons, layout, or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 3/20/2018