Bonus Island 1 Introduction Bonus Island is a 5x6 all ways pay slot game with up to 15,625 ways to win, featuring Mystery Boost, Coin bonus, Bonus Island bonus and Free Spins with unlimited increasing multiplier. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. . You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 15,652 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features 4.1 Cascade During the base game and free spins every winning symbol is part of a cascade. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels. 4.2 Mystery Boost During the base game and free spins mystery symbols can appear on the reels. These appear as dashes in the base game and Barrels in the bonus. In the base game a Bomb symbol landing anywhere in view will cause the mystery symbols to transform into a reel symbol or coin. During the bonus mystery symbols will transform every spin. 4.3 Coin Feature Base Game In the base game mystery symbols transform when a bomb symbol lands in view The mystery positions will transform in to pay symbols or coins If coins are awarded the coin feature begins Coins with cash awards begin to spin on each reel position that a mystery occupied The coin reels will stop and the cash values will be awarded. The coins will cascade and add 1 position to the cascade meter 4.4 Coin Feature Free Spins During the free spins bonus mystery transform every game into pay symbols or coins If coins are awarded the coin feature begins Coins with cash awards and extra free spins awards begin to spin on each reel position that a mystery occupied The coin reels will stop and the cash values or extra free spins will be awarded. The coins will cascade and increase the bonus multiplier 4.5 Bonus Island Bonus The bonus island bonus can be triggered by achieving 4 or more cascades in a single game round. Each cascade will fill 1 position on the bonus cascade meter 4 consecutive cascades awards the normal bonus 5 consecutive cascades awards the mega bonus 6 or more consecutive cascades awards the epic bonus Normal bonus will begin with 20 selectable values displayed on a map. These will be a mixture of cash awards and free spins Mega bonus will begin with 20 enhanced selectable values displayed on a map. These will be a mixture of cash awards and free spins Epic bonus will begin with 10 selectable values displayed on a map. These positions will all be free spins A position on the map will be chosen which will become the players position Each round the player will pick 3 positions on the map until 2 positions remain Captains Offer – After a round of picks the captain makes a cash offer which can be accepted or rejected On the last round the remaining 2 boxes are offered. 1 must be selected and awarded This will be a cash or free spins award. Free spins will award the free spins bonus 4.6 Free Spins Free spins are awarded from the Bonus Island bonus The unlimited win multiplier increases every cascade During the free spins bonus mystery symbols transform every game into pay symbols or coins 4.7 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for this game is the 95.78% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/28/2021