Blood Queen Blood queen is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring wild reel during regular game, Free Spins, shifting wild reel and expanding sticky wild during the Free Spin game. You play a fixed 30 lines per spin (1 coin per line), the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitutes for all non-special symbols. Free Spin symbols can appear on any position on the reels. Number of awarded FS depends on the number of FS icons displayed on the reels. During regular game, wild symbols appear on the top positions of any reel and expand to cover the entire reel. Special expanding sticky wild symbols and shifting wild reel are activated during the Free Spin game. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu, by holding the spin button down, to adjust amount of round numbers (click the PLAY button inside to start and eventually the STOP button to stop it at any time). To adjust stop criteria open the autoplay settings in the menu. The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 4000 per game round. If the payout exceeds this amount for any reason then the payout will be reduced to this amount. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the menu icon in the top left corner of the game and then select the AUTOPLAY symbol in the menu panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win a round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. WILD REEL SYMBOL during regular game When a gargoyle style icon appears on any top position of any reel, it will expand covering the entire reel. More than 1 wild reel can appear on the reels at the same time. Wild reel completes and substitutes all icons except for Free Spin symbols. Free Spin Free Spin symbols can appear in any position on the reels. The number of Free Spin being awarded depends on the number of Free Spin symbols appearing on the reels. 3 symbols award 20 Free Spins 4 symbols award 30 Free Spins 5 symbols award 50 Free Spins Depending on the initial Free Spin game selection, (Van Hell or Blood Queen) two different Wild symbols might be displayed during the Free Spin game: Van Hell’s Holy Water expanding sticky wild The Holy Water symbol appears on any position on reels 2,3,4 and activates the expanding sticky wild. The first sticky wild icon’s position is determining the direction of the wild spreading animation. After Holy Water appears it will grow each spin until it covers 4 symbols then it will vanish for the next spin. Spreading animation starts vertically and moves horizontally towards the center. More than 1 sticky wild icon can appear on the reels at the same time. Any active sticky wild will stop in its position if played out during last Free Spin. Wild symbols substitute for all non-special symbols. Blood Queen shifting wild reel The Blood Potion wild icon appears on the top of reels 2,3,4 and expands covering the entire reel. Each spin, the wild reel will shift leftwards until it reaches the first reel, where it disappears. More than one wild reel can be displayed at the same time. Any active wild reel will stop in its position if played out during last Free Spin and wilds will not stick past the end of Free Spins Wild symbols substitute for all non-special symbols. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Sound page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Setting page Left handed spin. Swaps Bet and Spin button position. Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Autoplay Page Autoplay. See Advanced Autoplay Options earlier. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Bet settings page Display in coins. Toggles between coins and cash, it only affects total balance and winnings, bet is always displayed in cash using the current currency. Home page. Click the Home button to come back to the lobby. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is % . Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 12/6/2017