Bucks and Doe 10k Ways Bucks and Doe 10k Ways™ Bucks and Doe 10K Ways™ is a 10K Ways™ slot game with up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Average Theoretical Return to Player is: Regular Game: 94.32% Buy Bonus (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions): Random Level: 94.85% Deer Level: 94.72% Elk Level: 94.81% Moose Level: 94.90% RULES Bonus Respins are triggered when 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear. Bonus Respins Bonus Respins are triggered when 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear. During the base game, SCATTER symbols display a prize multiplier from 1-100x or a trophy prize. There can only be one trophy prize on the reels at any given time. 3 respins are awarded. The prize value on each triggering SCATTER is paid. During Bonus Respins, DEER, ELK, MOOSE, BEAR and SCATTER symbols are PRIZE symbols. Every non-Trophy PRIZE symbol has a prize value displayed. Trophy PRIZE symbols display a total bet multiplier. On each respin, all cell positions not containing an unpaid SCATTER or living BEAR will spin revealing either a BLANK, PRIZE, HUNTER or AMMUNITION symbol. At the end of each respin, a crosshair will target a PRIZE symbol and its prize is collected. If a HUNTER symbol appears, the crosshair will target all PRIZE symbols. There can only be one HUNTER symbol on the reels during Bonus Respins at any given time. If an AMMUNITION symbol appears, the respin count is reset to 3. There can only be one AMMUNITION symbol on the reels during Bonus Respins at any given time. DEER, ELK and MOOSE are GAME symbols. Only one GAME symbol type will be used per Bonus Respins feature.\ The GAME symbol to use is randomly selected when Bonus Respins is triggered. DEER prizes range from 1-100 x total bet. ELK prizes range from 1-150 x total bet. MOOSE prizes range from 1-200 x total bet. At least one GAME symbol will land in each respin. BEAR symbols have 1-3 lives. A BEAR symbol's initial prize has the same range as the active GAME symbol. On each respin and before the crosshair appears, the BEAR will devour a GAME symbol. The GAME symbol's prize value is added to the BEAR symbol's prize value. The BEAR will choose the nearest GAME symbol to devour (Manhattan distance). If multiple GAME symbols have the same distance to the BEAR, one is chosen randomly from the equidistant symbols. The BEAR symbol moves to the position of the devoured GAME symbol. When the crosshair targets a BEAR its prize at that time is collected and its life is reduced by 1. If its life is greater than 0 then the BEAR will remain in the next respin, otherwise it is removed. There can only be one BEAR symbol on the reels during Bonus Respins at any given time. Trophy Bonuses SCATTER symbols during respins always contain a trophy prize. SCATTER symbols remain until the crosshair targets them or respins completes. Platinum trophy prize is 2000 x total bet. Gold trophy prize is 250 x total bet. Silver trophy prize is 50 x total bet. Bronze trophy prize is 10 x total bet. There can only be one SCATTER symbol on the reels during Bonus Respins at any given time. When no respins remain, the total collected prize is awarded. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Bonus Respins. Buy Bonus (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to buy a Bonus Respins feature. The player may select which GAME symbol to play the Bonus Respins feature with: The cost to play with DEER symbol is 55 x bet per spin. The cost to play with ELK symbol is 65 x bet per spin. The cost to play with MOOSE symbol is 75 x bet per spin. The cost to play with a random symbol is 65 x bet per spin. A spin is played that will always result in 3 or more Scatter symbols. Game Rules Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-Trophy prizes displayed over PRIZE symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. BLANK, AMMUNITION and BEAR symbols only appear during Bonus Respins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of auto plays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Bonus Meters Show Bonus amounts Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Last modification date: 3/26/2024