Blazing 777 2x3x5x Cash Ways Welcome to BLAZING 777 2x3x5x CASHWAYS™ 2x 3x 5x Multipliers can appear on the following symbols: 7, triple BAR, double BAR, single BAR and the CASHWAYS™ Diamond 5x does not appear on reel 2. 3x does not appear on reels 1 and 3. 2x can appear on all reels. More than one multiplier on a pay line will multiply the win by the product of those included, for example 2x3x5 = 30x CASHWAYS™ Diamonds award their cash prizes when they land in any positions on reels 1, 2, and 3. ALL Diamond symbol wins are multiplied by the product of ALL multipliers appearing on ANY Diamond symbol. Each inidual diamond cash prize is awarded as a multiplier of the total bet. Possible values include: 0.4x, 0.6x, 0.8x, 1x, 1.2x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 4.5x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, and 20x. ULTRASPINZ ULTRASPINZ may activate when diamonds land on at least reels 1, 2 and last 6-12 spins. On ULTRASPINZ all diamond cash prizes are awarded regardless of how many diamonds are landed. JACKPOTS 3 WILDS on a pay line awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. 3 Blazing 7s on a pay line awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. Any mix of Blazing 7s and WILDs on a pay line awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. WILD is WILD for BLAZING 7, 7, TRIPLE BAR, DOUBLE BAR and BAR. RETURN TO PLAYER The RTP cannot be affected by player strategy. The overall theoretical RTP is 94.04%. MAX WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. LEGAL There are 9 pay lines, all of which must be played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 11/25/2025