Big Bucks Bandits Megaways Big Bucks Bandits Megaways is a MEGAWAYS TM slot game with up to 117,649 ways to win. Each win may bring you a chain of reactions of additional wins. The Jackpot Heist Respins feature awards players with Jackpot prizes of stellar proportions to be won. And up to 42 Jackpot and Prizes to be revealed. Gamble your heist loots with Double Cross Gamble Feature. Multiply your total win by up to 5x! The Theoretical Return to Player(RTP) is: 96.102% Rules Wild WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on top reel only. Scatter Jackpot Heist Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear Trophy Jackpots Each SCATTER awards a prize or jackpot in the Jackpot Respins Bank Heist Jackpot Heist Respins The Jackpot Respins Bank Heist is triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear 3 respins are awarded. All SCATTER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SCATTER symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Each scatter reveals a prize or jackpot. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with SCATTER symbols. Upon completion of respins, all prizes and jackpots are tallied, and the Double Cross Gamble Feature begins. Bronze and Silver jackpot prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. Platinum and Gold jackpot prizes may only be awarded once per feature. Platinum jackpot prize is 1000 x total bet. Gold jackpot prize is 250 x total bet. Silver jackpot prize is 50 x total bet. Bronze jackpot prize is 10 x total bet. Non-jackpot prizes range from 1 to 30 x total bet. Jackpot prizes are not progressive. The Jackpot Respins Bank Heist feature is played at the bet of the triggering spin. WILD symbols do not appear during the Jackpot Respins Bank Heist feature. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during the Jackpot Respins Bank Heist feature. Double Cross Gamble Feature The masked bandit acquired a hefty pile of loot during the heist. Shootout with him to take his spoils! Gamble your winnings to multiply your total win by up to 5x Win multiplier starts at 1x You may choose to collect your winnings at any time, or attempt to gamble to advance to the next multiplier. The multiplier levels are as follows: Current Multiplier Winning Gamble Result Losing Gamble Result Chance of winning gamble 0.5x Multiplier increases to 1x Multiplier decreases to 0x. All winnings are lost, and feature is complete 1 in 2 chance 1x Multiplier increases to 1.5x Multiplier decreases to 1x 1 in 2 chance 1.5x Multiplier increases to 2x Multiplier decreases to 1x 1 in 2 chance 2x Multiplier increases to 3x Multiplier decreases to 1x 1 in 2 chance 3x Multiplier increases to 4x Multiplier decreases to 1x 2 in 3 chance 4x Multiplier increases to 5x, winnings are awarded, and feature is complete Multiplier decreases to 1x 3 in 4 chance Player can continue to gamble as long as they haven't reached the 0x multiplier or the maximum multiplier . The maximum win from the Double Cross Gamble Feature is 10,000 x total bet. If any multipliers would result in a win higher than 10,000 x total bet, they are disabled. Reaching the highest enabled multiplier automatically awards the win and completes the feature. Any wins from the spin/reactions that triggered the Jackpot Respins Bank Heist are included the gamble. Buy Feature The player may opt to buy a Jackpot Respins Bank Heist feature. The cost to buy is 1200 credits. A spin is played that will always contain at least 6 scatters. The spin is played at 20 credit stake. There is a 1 in 5 chance of triggering at 117,649 Megaways™ (42 symbol positions). Megaways TM Each spin can have up to 117,649 Megaways TM to win. The top reel adds a symbols to the reel it is above the reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each reel alone or with the top reel can have up to 7 symbols. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size. Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Game Rules Each 20 credit bet plays up to 117,649 Megaways TM . Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet Non-jackpot prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn full screen mode On or Off - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Megaways TM Meter Shows number of potential ways to win based on current reels dynamic layout. Jackpot Meters Shows Jackpot amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 5/27/2021