Bier Haus Oktober Fest FEATURES Wilds Any symbol which is considered a WILD symbol substitutes all other symbols except for Heidi scatter symbols. The BEER symbols are Wild symbols. On any spin, there is a chance for one or more reels to be entirely filled with beer. When this happens, the entire reel acts and awards the same payouts as a WILD symbol. Scatters Green Heidi appears on all reels. Purple Heidi appears on all reels. Each Purple Heidi symbol in a feature trigger combination awards one Persisting Wild symbol in Free Spins. Red Heidi only appears on reel 4. If this symbol is in a feature trigger combination, 1 spin of Heidi's Wheel is awarded. Only one Red Heidi symbol will appear on reel 4 at any time. All Heidi symbols are scatter symbols & are each 2 rows in height. Reel 6 contains only the following symbols in both the base game & in the Free Spins Feature: Persistent Wilds If included in a bonus trigger, the Purple Heidi symbol will transform into a Persisting Wild symbol which takes effect on the first Free Spin. Persisting Wild symbols are considered WILD symbols and remain in their relative position for the duration of the Free Spins. Persisting Wild symbols do not naturally appear on reels. These symbols only appear from the transformation of Purple Heidi symbols. During the Free Spins Feature, any Purple Heidi symbols included in a feature re-trigger will transform into Persisting Wild symbols for the remainder of the feature. Any existing Persisting Wild symbols will also remain active on the reels for the remaining spins. Free Spins Land 5 or more of any of the Heidi symbols on adjacent reels, beginning with the first reel to be awarded the Free Spins Feature. Heidi symbols which are partially visible on the reels (one half only) count towards bonus triggers, and are treated as if the full symbol is visible. If less than 50x bet multiplier is awarded from winning combinations during Free Spins, a Bonus Guarantee of 50x bet multiplier is awarded instead of the lower amount previously won. Land 5 or more Heidi symbols on adjacent reels starting with the first reel, to be awarded extra Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same Total Bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game spin which triggered the feature. There is no limit to the number of times the feature can be re-triggered. Free Spins are played automatically. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. The feature ends when there are no Free Spins remaining, or the maximum win has been achieved. Free Spins are awarded relative to the number of scatters to land on the reels as follows: Scatters Landed Spins Awarded 5 5 6 10 7 15 8 20 9 25 10 30 11 35 12 40 13 45 14 50 15 55 16 60 17 65 18 70 19 75 20+ 100 Heidi's Wheel Heidi’s Wheel is awarded when a Red Heidi symbol is included in the feature trigger for Free Spins. Heidi’s Wheel is played prior to entering Free Spins, and can be re-triggered during the Free Spins feature. One spin of the wheel is awarded. Wheel awards: Instant Cash Prizes Hans Spins Bigger Mugs Spins Extra Free Spins Instant Cash Prizes: Wheel Segment Award 20000x Bet Multiplier + Extra Wheel Spin 4000x Bet Multiplier + Extra Wheel Spin 1000x Bet Multiplier + Extra Wheel Spin 400x Bet Multiplier + Extra Wheel Spin 200x Bet Multiplier + Extra Wheel Spin Landing on one of these wheel segments will award an instant cash prize and 1 extra wheel spin. When a cash prize has been awarded, the same cash prize cannot be won again with the extra wheel spin. The value of the cash prize is the Multiplier value multiplied by the bet multiplier. Bigger Mugs Spins and Hans Spins: Wheel Segment Award 2 Bigger Mugs Spins 3 Hans Spins 2 Bigger Mugs Spins and 3 Hans Spins Extra Spins: Landing on an EXTRA SPINS segment awards 5, 7, or 10 extra Free Spins. Any extra spins are added to the existing total number of Free Spins. Hans Spins Hans Spins is a feature that can only occur during Free Spins. When a Hans Spin is activated, up to 10 Hans Wilds are randomly added to any reel position, except those covered by Persisting Wilds. Hans Spins awarded from Heidi’s wheel are displayed in a meter below the reels. They can be triggered on any random free spin. If any scatter symbol lands behind any Hans Wild symbol, the scatter symbol counts towards potential bonus re-triggers. Bigger Mugs The Bigger Mugs feature is an overlay reel feature of falling Wild Beer Mugs of varying sizes, and can be triggered randomly on any spin in the base game and Free Spins. This feature may be also awarded by Heidi’s Wheel. The falling beer mugs will slow to a halt, and any mugs overlaying the reels will act as WILD symbols. In Free Spins, Bigger Mugs can randomly activate on any normal Free Spin. If any Bigger Mugs spins are awarded from Heidi’s Wheel, they are displayed in a meter below the wheels. These are guaranteed to activate during the Free Spins feature. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. Mega Drop LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The expected return for this game is 96.18%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/3/2020