Bloopers Game Rules Bloopers is a 5 reel video slot with 243 ways to win. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is set to 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Keep the Spin button pressed to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the pay table. A Wild symbol substitutes any symbol except Bonus Star. A winning combination of only Wild symbols will count as the highest paying combination, i.e. Male Movie Stars. In Free Spins however it can be either Male or Female Movie Star if any has been established as Sticky Wild. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Game Settings. There are two states of the game, Normal and Free Spins. In Normal mode, 3 or more Bonus Stars occurring from reel 1, 2, 3 or more trigger the Free Spins. Bloopers on the contributing Bonus Stars will be active in Free Spins. The first Movie Star Symbol (Male or Female) landing on reel 2, 3 or 4 turns into a Sticky Wild during Free Spins. The Free Spins continue until reel 2, 3 or 4 is covered with Sticky Wild Movie Stars. Blooper in Normal mode: Sound Tech Sound Tech appears randomly in Normal mode and starts a respin after handing out Sticky Wilds. Bloopers in Free Spins mode: Fix-it, Make Up, Cutter and Stunt Man Fix-it triggers on symbol K. He uses his Reel Improvement Gun to shuffle symbol positions in order to optimize for long pay lines (Sticky Wilds and Bonus Star symbols excluded). Make Up triggers on symbol Q. She extends the Free Spins Bonus Game by removing a Sticky Movie Star with her cosmetic powder. Cutter triggers on symbol J. He cuts reels, releasing falling symbols with new chances to get more winnings. Stunt Man triggers randomly. He sets off Expanding Wilds on any reel in Free Spins. In Free Spins, 3 or more connected Bonus Stars add any Blooper on reel 3, 4 or 5 not already activated. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96,1% Maximum win is 180,000 coins. 22. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 3/8/2017