Blackjack Blazing 7s About the Game Blazing 7s Blackjack™ is a blackjack casino game where the Player plays against the House to score the closest to 21 as possible without busting, and includes an optional Blazing 7s side bet that takes into account hands that have sevens for a chance to win up to 777x your bet for one hand. This game is played with a 6-deck pack of cards and the Player can play with up to 3 hands. How to Play - Blackjack Rules To begin, make a standard blackjack bet. The Blazing 7s side bet is optional and can only be bet on at this point in the game. The House will then deal 2 cards to each player and two to himself. The House's cards will dealt with one card face up, and the other face down. The total of any hand is the sum of the card values in the hand. The Player must decide whether to stand, hit, double down, or split. The Player can select Double Down for a hand after a Split has been made. If a hand of two Aces is split, a card will be automatically drawn for each pile and no further actions will be allowed for these hands. A hand may only be split once. It is not possible to split a hand that has already been split. House must hit soft 17. A soft 17 is a hand valued at 17 that includes at least one Ace The Player will win when their hand totals higher than or equal to the house’s hand (without going bust), or they have 21 or less when the house busts (exceeds a total hand of 21). Blackjack payouts are shown in the game Paytable. A hand may only be split if the initial two cards are of the same rank (a pair). An equal bet will be placed on the newly created hand, and an additional card will be dealt to both hands. Doubling down will double the Player’s bet in exchange for one extra card. The Player must then stand once this card is received. A hand may only be surrendered as the first action on the hand. This discards the hand. Half of the stake for this hand is returned to the player at the end of the game. A split hand cannot be surrendered. The deck is shuffled between each game. Insurance Side Bet The insurance side bet is only available when the House’s face up card is an Ace. This is a bet that the House has a total of 21 exactly with two cards (blackjack). The bet amount for insurance will always be half of the blackjack bet for the current hand. The Player will be given the option to pay the insurance side bet for each hand. The payout for winning the insurance bet is displayed in the game Paytable. Blazing 7s Side Bet The payouts for the Blazing 7s side bet are displayed in the game Paytable. The Player is paid if at least one of their two cards is a 7. The Player will be paid more if both of their first two cards are 7s. The payouts will increase further if their first two cards are 7s and the House’s up card is a 7, or if all three of these 7s are of the same color or the same suit. The Blazing 7s side bet will pay out regardless of how well the hand performed in Blackjack. Even if the hand is over 21, the Blazing 7s side bet will still pay out. Card values in Blackjack In Blackjack, the card values are as follows: Ace - can be counted as 1 or 11 2-10 - are counted as their respective number J, Q, K - are counted as 10. Suits are irrelevant in blackjack, but are counted in the Blazing 7s side bet. Disclaimer The RTPs listed below reflect the theoretical return across many plays. The expected RTP for the base game is 99.42%. The expected RTP for the blazing 7s side bet is 95.92%. The expected RTP for the insurance side bet is 92.60%. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 11/25/2021