Book of Christamas 1 Introduction Book of Christmasis a 10 line, 5x3 slot game featuring Free Spins and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played on 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Wins on different played lines are added. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All line wins pay left to right only. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, except for expanding symbol wins in the Free Spins. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The Book symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols, except for the expanding symbol in Free Spins once the symbol has expanded. The Book symbol appears on all reels during the base game and Free Spins. 4 Features 4.1 Free Spins Free Spins are triggered by 3 or more Book symbols landing in any position. 3 landing in any position awards 10 Free Spins and a win of 2x stake. 4 landing in any position awards 10 Free Spins and a win of 20x stake. 5 landing in any position awards 10 Free Spins and a win of 200x stake. The scatter win is added to any coincidental line wins. At the start of Free Spins, an expanding symbol is chosen at random. After the reels have landed and all line wins have been awarded, the selected symbol will expand vertically if there are enough expanding symbols present for a win. After expanding, the expanding symbol will pay in any position on all lines. 4.2 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off.If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 4.3 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 96.23%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 12/2/2019