Black Horse Deluxe The game has 6 reels, 3 rows and 20 paylines. All wins are paid for combinations of 3, 4, 5 or 6 symbols from left to right. Only the highest win per bet is paid. Wild substitutes for other symbols except Scatter and special symbols. Wild is not a paying symbol. Drawing 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbols triggers 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins respectively. Scatter is not a paying symbol. Each appearance of the gold coin symbol increases the Black Horse Spins bonus meter. SPECIAL FEATURES FREE SPINS A draw of 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbols activates – respectively – 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated them. The winnings from Free Spins accumulate until the end of the feature. During Free Spins, the value of Multiplier can reach up to x8. Drawing at least 3 Scatter Symbols during Free Spins increases their number. Black Horse Spins Bonus To fill the Black Horse Spins bonus meter, the player needs to collect 10 Gold Coin symbols. To activate Black Horse Spins, the player needs to draw two Gold Coin Symbols in one spin. During Black Horse Spins, Gold Coin Symbols are locked on the reels until the end of the feature. After completing the bonus, the win is paid according to the paytable for the number of collected Gold Coin Symbols. During Black Horse Spins only Gold Coin is a paying symbol. Black Horse Spins can not be triggered during Free Spins. Each bonus spin costs one stake. The 6th Gold Coin symbol can only be drawn during the last round of the bonus. Cascading Reels with Increasing Multiplier The game offers a Cascading Reels feature with Increasing Multiplier. Each time a winning combinations is drawn, symbols that contribute to it are removed from the reels, new symbols replace them and the value of the Multiplier increases. This continues until there are no more winning combinations. During regular game, the value of Multiplier can reach up to x4. During Free Spins, the value of Multiplier is doubled and can reach up to x8. SPECIAL SYMBOLS SCATTER SYMBOL Drawing 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbols triggers 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins respectively. Scatter is not a paying symbol. WILD SYMBOL Wild substitutes for other symbols except Scatter and special symbols. Wild is not a paying symbol. GOLD COIN SYMBOL Each appearance of the gold coin symbol increases the Black Horse Spins bonus meter. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. VOLATILITY SETTINGS Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. Big Screen Mode Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if available) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Levels Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if available) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 12/19/2023