Beetlejuice Megaways Reels • Each spin can have up to 248,832 ways to win. • The number of symbols per reel does not affect the payout per symbol. • Wins are awarded on matching symbols in adjacent reels from left to right,regardless of size. • At the end of every spin, the number of ways for the spin is displayed in the Megaways™ meter. • This game uses the Megaways™ game engine, under license from BTG. • The game consists of 5 reels. Before each spin is initiated, the top half ofeach reel is not in play (inactive). • The number of symbols that land on each reel is decided when the spin isinitiated. This number does not change throughout the duration of the spin. • Each reel may show 2, 3 or 6 symbols. When the top half of the reels are inplay (active), this doubles to 4, 6 or 12 symbols per reel. • The number of ways for each spin is calculated based on the number of symbols which land on each reel, and is displayed on screen. Reel Cascades • When there is one or more winning combination, the winning symbols will explode, and new symbols will take their place. • When this happens, the top half of the reels will be uncovered and become active. • The symbols on the top half of the reels will then be able to contribute towards winning combinations for the remainder of the spin. • Wins are calculated before the winning symbols explode. • Any new winning combinations will be evaluated once the new symbols fill into the reels. • The total win amount for the spin is awarded when no more cascades occur. Symbols • The WILD symbol can appear on any reel and substitute for all other symbols excluding BONUS and GHOST symbols. • The WILD symbol does not have a payout of its own and requires other symbols in order to form a win. • The WILD symbol will only substitute for another symbol if that symbol is somewhere in view, on the reels and can form a win using that symbol, or if other WILD symbols can form a win using that symbol. • The WILD symbol may land during both the base game and Free Spins. • The BONUS symbol is a scatter symbol and can appear on all reels. Land 3 or more BONUS symbols to be awarded free spins. • The BONUS symbol will only contribute to a free spins trigger if it is in the active play area. • The GHOST symbol may land on all reels with the initial spin. Once all symbols have landed, all GHOST symbols will transform into another symbol. • All GHOST symbols will transform into the same symbol type. The GHOST symbol can transform into any symbol except WILD and BONUS. The GHOST symbol does not always reveal a winning combination. • The GHOST symbol cannot land after the initial set of symbols land. All other symbols may land as part of cascades, after any initial winning combinations have been calculated. • The GHOST symbol may land during both the base game and Free Spins. Free Spins • Land 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols in view to be awarded 8, 12 or 16 free spins, respectively. • During free spins, land 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols in view to be awarded an additional 4, 6 or 8 free spins, respectively. • At the start of the feature, a win multiplier of x1 is awarded. • For each cascade (or set of winning combinations), the current win multiplier will be used to multiply the win. • After each cascade, the win multiplier will increase by 1. This increase occurs immediately after each cascade and will be applied to any new winning combination. • The win multiplier is displayed at all times next to the reels. • There is no maximum limit to the win multiplier. • The total win during free spins is calculated during the spins and is awarded at the end of the feature. • Free spins are played automatically. • The feature will end when there are no free spins remaining or if the maximum win is achieved. • Free spins use the same total bet and winning combination awards as the spin that triggered the feature. LEGAL NOTICES • Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. • In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. • The expected return for this game is 96.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. • BEETLEJUICE and all related characters and elements © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (s20) • The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/4/2020