Barber shop Uncut Game Rules Note: The Barber Shop ® video slot is referred to as Barber Shop ® The Game or Game. Barber Shop ® is a video slot with 15 reels and 25 fixed pay lines. The game features locking wins with respins and bonus game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 97,0%. The game offers up to 15 bet levels for the selected currency. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. Respin is triggered when 3 or more symbols of the same kind appear from left to right on a pay line. All symbols that triggered the respin will be locked in place while all other reels spin again. Any additional adjacent symbol of the same kind on the same pay line will trigger another respin until there are no more wins or all reels are locked. All respins are considered part of the game round. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right in combinations according to the pay table. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. The bonus symbol is a scatter symbol that can appear on any reel and grants the bonus game with free spins if 5 or more bonus symbols are won. The number of free spins won is according to the pay table. The bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the bonus game. For each respin within a free spin in the bonus game the multiplier increases one level up to the maximum multiplier level. Inwinity Spin ® is a feature in the bonus game granting the player an unlimited amount of free spins until a pay line win is reached. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are discharged. Last modification date: 7/4/2017