Beat the Beast: Griffin's Gold The “Beat the Beast: Griffin’s Gold” video slot is referred to as Griffin’s Gold, The Game or Game. Griffin’s Gold is a 3x5 video slot with 9 pay The game features Roaming Wilds, Wild Multiplier, and a Bonus Game wi free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96.14%. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. The Auto Play function plays the game automatica ll y for the number of game rounds selected in the Auto Play page. A ll game payouts and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. Only the longest win per payline is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right in combinations according to the pay table. Scatter pays are triggered by 3 or more Scatter symbols on any position on the reels and pay only for the highest amount of scatters. A ll pay line and Scatter wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. A ll wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. The Griffin Emblem symbol is a Scatter and a Wild and substitutes for any other symbols in the Base It can generate both Scatter pay and payline wins, according to pay table. 3 or more Griffin Emblem symbols on any position on the reels in the Base game trigger the Bonus game, awarding 10 free spins. Roaming Wilds: In the Bonus Game, the Roaming Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol and wi ll remain on the reels for the remainder of the Bonus game. Before each new free spin, it wi ll roam to an adjacent Two or more Roaming Wild symbols cannot roam to the same position. Up to 3 Roaming Wild symbols can be awarded. A spin with one or more Roaming Wild symbols included in 1 or more winning paylines wi ll award 1 extra free spin. Wild Multiplier: The Roaming Wild symbol carries a multiplier starting at 1. After a spin where a Roaming Wild Symbol is included in one or more payline wins, its multiplier is increased by 1 (up to a maximum multiplier of 5). A win on a payline that includes one or more Roaming Wild symbols wi l be multiplied by their multipliers. E.g. a Roaming Wild symbol with a multiplier of 2 and one with a multiplier of 3 wi l give a total multiplier of 6 for that win. The maximum total multiplier from Roaming Wild symbols forming part of a single payline is x125 (5x5x5). The Bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus game. In the event of game malfunction, a l affected bets and pays are rendered void. Buttons Functions Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. This is the action button. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. Certain features may not be available on your device. The maximum win from a single game is £222,222 Last modification date: 11/10/2020