Bonanza Introducing the game Bonanza is a six-reel video slot with reacting wins featuring Big Time Gaming’s unique Megaways. Megaways™ A Megaways™ slot can produce up to 7 icons per reel each spin. Each cart adds a symbol to reels 2,3,4, and 5, Each spin can have from 2 and 7 icons and each spin can have up to 117649 MEGAWAYS™ to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Carts Each cart adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2,3,4, and 5. Reactions Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the carts. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute for every symbol except scatter. Wilds are only present in the carts Scatter The scatter icon can appear in any of the reels. Get four GOLD scatters to win 12 Free Spins. Any extra scatter adds an extra five Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins, there is an unlimited win multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. Free Spin Scatter icons can appear in the carts and will award extra free spins. The stake that was used to trigger the free spins will be used for the free spins duration. At the end of the free spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Scatter The free spin scatter icon can appear in the carts during free spins. 3 Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins 4 Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. General Information This game has a RTP of 96.00%. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/28/2021