Buggy Zap LuckyTap Potential pays at minimum bet include: $50.00 $20.00 $10.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $0.75 $0.60 $0.45 $0.30 $0.20 $0.15 $0.10 $0.05 The pays above are the pays awarded at minimum bet. All pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins A winning bet occurs when is filled on the . 1 to 25 Prize Bugs are awarded on a winning bet. The Zap Feature, the Bulldozer Collect feature, or both may contribute to the winning Prize Bugs. Zap Feature When the Zap Feature is activated, the Bug Zapper sends lightning out to either the left side, the right side, or both sides. 2 to 11 Prize Bugs will be awarded on each zapped side. Bugs will be zapped in place and values will be collected to the win meter. bugs can not be collected by the Zap feature. Bulldozer Collect and are special symbols which push rows of Prize Bugs into the awarding their respective values. When is awarded, either two or four rows of Prize Bugs on the left will be awarded. When is awarded, either two or four rows of Prize Bugs on the right will be awarded. and may also appear with a 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x multiplier. Multiplier can be different for and . Multiplier is only applied to Prize Bugs that are pushed into the zapper by the multiplied and . bugs can not be collected by the Bulldozer Collect feature. More Chances This game features multiple chances for each game cycle. GAME has X chances per game cycle. The total win for all chances during a game cycle will be presented at the bottom in the win meter. At the conclusion of all chances, the game will award the entire amount shown in the win meter. Players cannot bet until all X chances have completed. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Last modification date: 8/13/2025