Book of the Gods Introducing the game Book of Gods is a five-reel 243 ways video slot featuring Symbol Cloning from award winning slot provider Big Time Gaming. Symbol Cloning Each spin a special Cloning Symbol is randomly selected from 9, 10, J, Q, K and A. After any wins are paid the Cloning Symbol is cloned to fill all positions on any reel where it occurs. The Cloning Symbol now pays any from left to right and the Wild / Scatter continues to substitute as normal. Feature Drop™ Feature Drop allows you to buy the feature at any time. Feature Drop symbols appear in the reels and reduce the price of the feature purchase by half stake. The feature may be bought for the price displayed in the Feature Drop button. If the price is reduced to a zero balance the feature will automatically trigger. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right buttons on the stake display. Start the Game Press the Play button to start the spin and the game. A Cloning Symbol is chosen and the 5 reels will spin and then come to rest, producing the result. Auto Play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Wild / Scatter Symbol The Wild / Scatter symbol appears on all reels. The Wild / Scatter pays left to right and substitutes for all symbols except Feature Drop symbol. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Wild / Scatter symbols appearing in any reel award 15, 20 or 25 free spins, respectively. At the start of the Free Spins, The Book of Gods appears and reveals a God symbol which becomes the Cloning Symbol for the duration of the Free Spins. Feature Drop symbols do not appear in the Free Spins. Free Spins Retrigger 3, 4 or 5 Wild / Scatter symbols appearing in any reel retrigger the Free Spins, awarding an additional 15, 20 or 25 free spins, respectively. The Free Spins can be retriggered an unlimited number of times. Every retrigger reveals an additional God as a Cloning Symbol, up to a maximum of four. The fourth and subsequent retriggers only award additional free spins. Payouts Payouts for consecutive icons left to right only on adjacent symbol positions. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are in multiples of stake per play. Only the highest win is paid on each winning combination. Winning combinations resulting from Symbol Cloning pay any from left to right for the Cloning Symbol(s) only. General Information This game has a RTP of 96.35% In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020