Buccaneers Bay Buccaneer’s Bay is a 5 reel slot game. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.044%. Game Rules Play 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered Chest All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered Chest which pay any Wild substitutes for all symbols except scattered Chest Malfunction voids all pays and plays FREE GAMES FEATURE A Free Game Feature is awarded when 3, 4 or 5 scattered Chest appear 10 Free Games are awarded for 3 scattered Chest 15 Free Games are awarded for 4 scattered Chest 20 Free Games are awarded for 5 scattered Chest All prizes during the Free Games are TRIPLED The Free Games feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game How to Play Choose your BET SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the SPIN button. LAST SETTINGS BUTTON It appears after the player has played one Autoplay session. Pressing this button restores the number of spins, and all limits set by the player that were used on the previous Autoplay session. This allows the player to quickly play Autoplay HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS LINES The game is fixed to 25 lines. BET: Adjusts the BET. The slider adjusts the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The slider increases or decreases the number of autoplays. The available of autoplays are from 0 spins to 50 spins. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. If Loss Exceeds: Sets the loss limit : Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 12/28/2021