Bourbon Street Bash RTP: 96.0% Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol High Pay 1 Symbol High Pay 2 Symbol Mid Pay 1 Symbol Mid Pay 2 Symbol Mid Pay 3 Symbol Low Pay 1 Symbol Low Pay 2 Symbol Low Pay 3 Symbol Low Pay 4 Symbol Low Pay 5 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts The Bourbon Street Collection Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Collection 1, Collection 2, Collection 3, Collection 4, and Collection 5 appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Free Games Wild 1 is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbols. Free Games Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free games are played on the same lines at the same credits bet per line as the game that initiated the free games. During the free games, each Collection symbol appearing in any position on the reels collects that symbol. Collecting Collection symbols awards the Pick Bonus. The collected symbols for the bonus reset at the end of each set of games. Subsequent Collection symbols appearing in the same set of free games do not count towards Pick Bonus initiation. The bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Free Games High Pay 1 Free Games High Pay 2 Free Games Mid Pay 1 Free Games Mid Pay 2 Free Games Mid Pay 3 All stacked mystery symbols positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. The Pick Bonus is triggered from The Bourbon Street Collection Bonus 4 free picks awarded At the start of the Pick Bonus, choose from 15 bonus options Each bonus option awards [Credit Award] or [Multiplier Award] [Credit Award] awards 1x, 2x, 3x, or 5x the total bet. [Multiplier Award] awards a +1 or +2 multiplier to the multiplier award counter. At the start of the bonus, the multiplier award counter is set to 1. Each multiplier award chosen is added to the counter. At the end of the bonus, the total credits won in [The Bourbon Street Collection Bonus] and Pick Bonus are multiplied by the amount in the multiplier award counter. The Pick Bonus ends when 0 picks remain. Last modification date: 12/28/2021