Bar Star 1.Introduction Bar Star is a standard 5-reel slot game with 10 winlines. There is a scatter feature that delivers a fixed number of FreeSpins. The Gold Bar symbol substitutes for other bar symbols and, as a scatter, can deliver one of three progressive cashpots. 2. How to Play Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 3, 4 or 5 of-a-kind symbols. 2.1 Set Your Stak The player can choose their stake by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the left of the screen. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. 2.2 Features ● FreeSpin trigger: ​ FreeSpins are triggered by acquiring 3 bonus scatter symbols on any position on first, middle or last reel. When FreeSpins are triggered the player can win either 5, 10 or 20 FreeSpins. These are offered to the player via a ‘pick me’ event. More FreeSpins can be won again from within FreeSpins, adding to the remaining FreeSpins count. Therefore, an infinite number of FreeSpins are possible. Only the feature entry amount of FreeSpins are awarded on a retrigger. ● Gold Bar: ​ A Gold Bar symbol can appear on any reel. Due to positioning of symbols, only one will appear on any reel at the same time. 3 or more Gold Bars in view will award the Pot Chance Feature. ● Pot Chance Feature: ​Each Gold Bar can be pressed to reveal a coin. Each coin relates to one of the three progressive pots: Bronze, Silver and Gold. Revealing three coins of the same colour will award the associated progressive cashpot. Otherwise, mixed coins will award a consolation win. 2.3 Buttons ● Pressing the rotating arrow icon, above the ‘Play’ button, will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the auto plays adjuster. ● Pressing the ‘i’ button icon, on the left-hand side above the stake buttons, will open the information from which the player can access the paytable information. The player can press the arrows back and forth to access all other game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will exit the information and ​return the player to the main game interface. ● Accessing the ‘cog’ will allow the player access to toggle the sounds on/off and, on compatible devices, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. ● + and - buttons above and below the ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's total stake on each spin. 2.4 Paytable ● Only the highest win per bet line is paid. ● Line wins will pay from left to right, right to left and center on each winline. ● Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 3. Progressive Cashpots ● Progressive Cashpots: ​There are three progressive cashpots which are labelled Bronze, Silver and Gold. All players contribute to these pots on a pari-mutuel basis. Each pot will also have a base re-seed value. The cashpot seeded values are as follows: Bronze Progressive Cashpot: ​seeded at £500 Silver Progressive Cashpot: ​seeded at £2,000 Gold Progressive Cashpot: ​ seeded at £10,000 ● The progressive jackpots consists of a fixed minimum amount which gradually increases by a percentage of funds inputted into the game until it is won. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the seed amount and begins to rise again. ● The progressive jackpot is available in "real play" only. ● Winning a progressive jackpot neither contributes to, or is affected by, the daily cumulative winnings limit. ● All players contribute 2.86% of each bet placed to the progressive on every game. ● All players are eligible to win the progressive jackpot on every game. ● It is not possible for two players to simultaneously win the jackpot. The jackpot is locked when it is being won. This means that no other bets will be accepted for it and only one player at a time is able to win it. ● In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a draw, the game will repeat the incomplete draw and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. ● In the event of equipment failure or planned/unplanned terminations, progressive jackpot parameters, (including jackpot values and incremental percentages), are fully restored with identical parameters, after re-start. ● System malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. Game Recovery ● In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. ● Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. 5. General Information ● This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 95.00%. ● The maximum payout in one spin in this game is 250,000.00. ● System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. ● Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 6. Copyright ● © Copyright 2017 CORE Gaming Limited – All rights reserved. ● Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 12/6/2017