Blast Off GAME OVERVIEW Blast Off is a 10 winline, 5x3 reel slot game with a space rocket theme. Game features include special reel spins and a trail with 7 levels of bonuses. The bonus Free Spins bonus and Win Spins bonus have 20 paylines. There is also a multi level Rocket Pots Feature where 500 x your stake can be won! BLAST OFF TRAIL To activate any bonus on the trail the player has to land 5 or more blue rockets in the base game. The levels are as follows: LEVEL 1: Land 5 blue rockets on the base game to activate 5 Free Spins. LEVEL 2: Land 6 blue rockets on the base game to activate 3 Win Spins. LEVEL 3: Land 7 blue rockets on the base game to activate 3 Win Spins and a higher chance of landing a double height red rocket. BRONZE: Land 8 blue rockets on the base game to activate the Bronze level Rocket Pots Feature. SILVER: Land 9 blue rockets on the base game to activate the Silver level Rocket Pots Feature. GOLD: Land 10 blue rockets on the base game to activate the Gold level Rocket Pots Feature. PLATINUM: Land 11 blue rockets on the base game to win 500x your stake. When the trail is activated, blue rockets will disappear and red rocket will only be active on the 5th reel . If the player reaches level 3 then the red rockets will double in height. Win Spins and free spins have 20 winlines. Win Spins are a guaranteed win per spin. During the bonus spins, the player can land one red rocket or more. Each red rocket moves the player up the trail. MULTI LEVEL ROCKET POTS The bronze, silver and gold levels are the entry levels to the Rocket Pots Feature, featuring a multiplier bonus! In the bronze level, the player could win between 20x to 50x current stake or could land a rocket to move up to the silver level. In the silver level, the player could win between 60x to 100x current stake or could land a rocket to move up to the gold level. In the gold level, the player could win between 120x to 200x current stake or could land a rocket to enter the platinum level. If the player achieves the platinum rocket the x500 win is awarded and the bonus game is over. LEGAL Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid on each line. All lines pay from left to right only. The expected return to player is 96.00% Due to the high production values of this game, lower quality hardware may run into performance and compatibility issues. In certain circumstances you may not be able to play the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020