Barbarian Gold Barbarian Gold is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Expanding wild reel during regular game and Free Spins. You play a fixed 20 lines per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. Winnings are calculated as the product of the multiplier shown in the paytable and Stake, divided by the number of win lines. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Symbols. WILD REEL SYMBOL during regular game During regular game, when the Wild Symbol appears, it will appear on top position of any reel and expand covering the entire reel. More than 1 wild reel can appear on the reels at the same time. Wilds will not appear if they would overwrite a symbol they don't substitute for, or if them appearing would not result in a win. Free Spins The number of Free Spins being awarded depends on the number of Scatter symbols appearing on the reels. 3 Scatter symbols award 8 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols award 10 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols award 12 Free Spins Free Spins start in the Lava Cave 3 or more Scatter symbols in the Lava Cave give access to the Gold Cave 3 Scatter symbols in the Lava Cave give 4 additional Free Spins4 Scatter symbols in the Lava Cave give 5 additional Free Spins5 Scatter symbols in the Lava Cave give 6 additional Free Spins WILD REEL SYMBOL in Lava Cave Each expanding wild add +1 to Free Spins multiplier. WILD REEL SYMBOL in Gold Gave Each expanding wild add +1 to Free Spins multiplier. Each expanding wild give 1 additional Free Spin. Settings To access Spin Settings, click the Open Menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar.(Only for desktop) Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Invert controls, This toggles around the buttons to allow for user preference.(Only for mobile) Game History To access Game History, click the Open Menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. You can review the game results from any of your past 100 games through this helpful interface. Bet Control You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control. The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/20. Buy Free Spins This option is not available for every operator and jurisdiction, therefore may not be available in every instance. This menu allows you to pay a fee to access the Free Spins feature. You have to select the number of Free Spins you want to buy. Once you have selected both of these options, a price will appear for buying the feature. To begin the feature select YES, to exit without buying the feature select No. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol. On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round. On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player The return to player for the normal game is 96.3% Should the 'Buy Free Spins' be available in your jurisdiction and/or with the operator, the following RTP's will apply: The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 8 Spins is 96.10% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 10 Spins is 96.10% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 12 Spins is 96.20% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 7/15/2020