Bear Money Bear Money winning lines All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except Bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. space bar The SPACE BAR key on the keyboard can often be used as an alternative for pressing the primary on-screen button. SLAM STOP During a regular spin, pressing anywhere on the screen whilst the reels are spinning will cause them to land quicker. This does not impact the outcome of the game. general information GAME RECOVERY The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 96.5%. In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/28/2021