Centurion Freespins Contents: Getting Started How to Play How to Win AUTOPLAY Turbo Mode Bonus Features Game Recovery General Information Getting started: Centurion Free Spins is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a Free Spins bonus, Fortune Bet and 4 Reel Bonuses. (Back to top) How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, a Reel Bonus or the Free Spins bonus feature. Set your bet Centurion Free Spins has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the 'Fortune Bet' button to double the height of the bonus symbol and increase the bet by 50%. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. (Back to top) How to Win Reel game line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Free Spins The Free Spins feature is awarded when 3 or more bonus symbols land in view on the reels. Reel Bonuses The Reel Bonuses can occur at random during any spin, excluding Free Spins. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game will substitute for all symbols except the Bonus. Wilds do not appear during Free Spins. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. (Back to top) AUTOPLAY: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. (Back to top) Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. (Back to top) Bonus Features: Free Spins Once 3 or more bonus symbols have landed in view on the reels, the Free Spins feature is triggered and an entry bonus win is awarded. 3 of a kind awards 8 Free Spins. 4 of a kind awards 12 Free Spins. 5 of a kind awards 16 Free Spins. The Centurion logo symbol will appear more frequently during Free Spins. The Free Spins feature will end when there are no remaining spins left. Reel Bonuses At random during any spin, the Centurion will appear from the bush and blow a horn to announce the reel bonus that has been awarded. The Centurion doesn't always fully emerge from the bush, so a reel modifier being awarded isn't always guaranteed. Reel bonuses aren't available during the Free Spins feature. 5 of a Kind This reel bonus guarantees that a 5 of a kind combination will be awarded once the reels stopped. Big Win This reel bonus guarantees that a Big Win will be awarded once the reels have stopped. Reelus Maximus This reel bonus creates a colossal symbol on the reels. The colossal symbol will represent one symbol yet take up 3 x 3 symbol positions. The Reelus Maximus can replace reels 1, 2 & 3 or reels 2, 3 & 4. Super Bonus Reels This reel bonus increases the frequency of the bonus symbols on the reels for one spin, significantly increasing the chance of triggering the bonus. Fortune Bet Selecting the Fortune Bet button doubles the height of the bonus symbols and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable Fortune Bet. (Back to top) Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. (Back to top) General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 2, 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Centurion Free Spins logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. Once started, the Free Spins bonus will play out automatically. The RTP is 95%. Last modification date: 12/6/2017