Catemple Game Rules Catemple is a slot with 5 columns, 7 rows, dropping symbols, scatter wins and a Collect zone at the bottom row to activate golden coin features. The minimum bet is 0.20, the maximum bet is 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins are paid for 7 or more identical symbols scattered anywhere on the grid. Only the largest amount is paid for. Wins are paid out for the largest amount identical Symbols scattered anywhere, at least 7 or more. A winning combination consists of at least 7 identical symbols scattered anywhere. Only the largest amount of such identical symbols is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. The game is played in two modes, normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol. A game round starts with a new set of symbols filling the grid and the global multiplier reset to 1. Any Multiplier symbol in the Collect zone will be collected to the global multiplier, winning symbols and instant pay coins are paid, and any Bonus symbols in the Collect zone will be collected. Collected and winning symbols are then removed and the remaining symbols drop down by gravity. Any Mystery symbol anywhere on the grid will then reveal a feature symbol which then will act accordingly with following win evaluations. This avalanche repeats until no more wins. A Multiplier symbol in the Collect zone adds its value to the global multiplier. The global multiplier multiplies all wins including coin wins. A Coin in the Collect zone pays an instant win with its value multiplied by the bet. The MAX WIN coin pays the remaining amount to reach the maximum win. A Bonus or Super Bonus symbol in the Collect zone is collected to the Bonus Inventory for a pending bonus game trigger. A Mystery symbol reveals any of the following feature symbols; Wild, Hot Wild, Coin, Bonus, Super Bonus, Multiplier or Paw Strike. A revealed Hot Wild symbol spawns 1-3 new Wild or Hot Wild symbols and then becomes a Wild symbol. Any such spawned Hot Wild symbol will spawn further. A revealed Paw Strike symbol removes all payout symbols, making Wild, Coin and other feature symbols fall to the Collect zone. When there are no more wins and there is at least 1 Bonus symbol collected to the Bonus Inventory during normal mode, a bonus game is triggered. The Bonus game continues until the following number of free drops with at least one win (win drops) have been completed: • 1 Bonus symbol: 3 win drops • 2 Bonus symbols: 5 win drops • 3 Bonus symbols: 7 win drops • 4 Bonus symbols: 9 win drops In the Bonus game, the Collect zone consists of the bottom 2 rows. Free drops without a win increase the global multiplier by 1. A Bonus symbol in the Collect zone during the Bonus game adds 1 win drop. A Super Bonus symbol in the Collect zone during the Bonus game upgrades the Bonus game to the Super Bonus game and adds 1 win drop. The global Multiplier value carry over to a Bonus game and between the free drops during the entire Bonus game. Each free drop starts with a new set of symbols. If at least 1 of the symbols collected to the Bonus Inventory during normal mode is a Super Bonus symbol, a Super Bonus game is triggered. In the Super Bonus game, the Collect zone consists of the bottom 3 rows. Free drops without a win increase the global multiplier by 1. A Bonus or Super Bonus symbol in the Collect zone during the super bonus game adds 1 win drop. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 10 000x the placed bet. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. No bets can be changed during a game round. The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.0%. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Malfunction void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025