Claw and Roar Claw and Roar Claw and Roar is a Bet 40, 243 Ways 3x5 Reel slot game with a Respin feature and Free Games feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.34% with any bet. Game Rules Rules Play bet 40 for 243 ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. Wild substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Wild appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Respins 3, 4, 5 or 6 {WILD} triggers Respins during Base Game. 2, 3 or 4 {WILD} triggers Respins during Free Games. On spin start any previous {WILD} move down 1 position and are held. Any {WILD} that lands continue Respins. Respins continue until no wilds are on screen. Free Games 3, 4 or 5 {SCATTER} triggers 8 Free Games. 2, 3 or 4 {WILD} removes the lowest royal and begins Respins. 2 or more Wilds during Free Game spin retrigger 1 Free Game. 2 or more Wilds during Free Game Respins do not retrigger Free Games. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Free Games can be retriggered. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier, except Scatter which is multiplied by the total bet. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. Malfunction voids all pays and plays