CSI: Crime Scene Investigation How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's CSI: Crime Scene Investigation is under license from CBS Studios Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: CSI: Crime Scene Investigation is a 6x4, 25 line video slot featuring a free spins bonus that includes a multiplier collection mechanic. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel.The highest win per line is paid. Target Symbol Rules: When target symbols land, they leave a frame around the space on which they landed. All frames turn wild on every 10th base game spin. Saved frames are linked to bet level. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for free spins scatters and multiplier symbols. Apart from target symbol frames that convert to wilds, no wilds exist during the base game. Free Spins Scatter Rules: Free Spins scatter symbols exist on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. The free spins scatter symbol pays anywhere on the reel. 4 free spins scatter symbols trigger the free spins bonus. Multiplier Symbol Rules: The multiplier symbol is a scatter symbol and pays anywhere on the reel. Multiplier symbols only exist during free spins. Multiplier symbols exist on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Players collect multiplier symbols during a whole free spins bonus. The amount of multiplier symbols collected determines which multiplier range the player will be eligible for. Hold & Hit Rules: If exactly 3 free spins scatters are in view at the end of a spin, the Hold & Hit feature is triggered. The Hold & Hit feature allows players to hold the reels on which free spins scatters are in view and respin the reel where a 4th scatter may land. Only free spins scatter symbols are active during the respin. No other symbols are in play and no line wins will be paid as a result of any symbols that land during the respin. The price of this respin is dependent on the players bet size as well as the probability of triggering the free spins bonus. The player can choose 9 different probability chances of triggering the free spins bonus; A 10% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 7.4x the players bet A 20% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 14.8x the players bet A 30% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 22.2x the players bet A 40% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 29.6x the players bet A 50% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 37x the players bet A 60% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 44.4x the players bet A 70% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 51.8x the players bet A 80% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 59.2x the players bet A 90% chance of triggering the free spins bonus costs 66.6x the players bet The Hold & Hit feature is only available in the base game. Press/click the Hold & Hit logo to toggle the feature on or off. If the player plays Hold & Hit and does not trigger the free spins bonus, the Hold & Hit feature will be available to play again. This process repeats until the player either triggers the free spins bonus or decides to continue with a regular spin or quits the game. The Hold & Hit feature is optional and the player can choose to skip the Hold & Hit feature and continue with the game by paying for a standard spin. The Hold & Hit feature is not available in free bet mode. The Hold & Hit feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Free Spins Rules: Once triggered, the player can choose 1 of 4 types of free spins; Option 1; Low Volatility: 12 free spins with a minimum of 6 guaranteed wilds Option 2; Medium Volatility: 8 free spins with a minimum of 8 guaranteed wilds Option 3; High Volatility: 4 free spins with a minimum of 10 guaranteed wilds Option 4; Random: 12, 8 or 4 free spins with a minimum of 6, 8 or 10 guaranteed wilds is chosen at random However many wilds are selected or awarded, this will be the minimum number of wilds in view for every free spin. Additional wilds can also land randomly on every free spin. Each guaranteed wild is assigned a random position on the reels for each free spin. During free spins, multiplier symbols are collected by the player. Collecting a specific amount of multiplier symbols progressively moves the player through a series of multiplier levels. Each multiplier level has a multiplier range assigned to it. When the free spins bonus is over, a multiplier from that specific range is awarded. The multiplier value is applied to the total won amount during the free spins round. Anything won in the base game spin that triggered free spins is not subject to this multiplier but is added to the final win amount after the multiplier has been applied. The specific amount of multiplier symbols that need to be collected to progress through the levels is dependent on which free spins option is chosen; if 6 wilds are awarded, the option 1 criteria is used if 8 wilds are awarded, the option 2 criteria is used if 10 wilds are awarded, the option 3 criteria is used The multiplier range for each level is the same regardless of which option is selected; Level 0: 1x the players bet Level 1: between 2x and 5x the players bet Level 2: between 5x and 8x the players bet Level 3: between 8x and 11x the players bet Level 4: between 11x and 14x the players bet Level 5: between 15x and 18x the players bet Level 6: between 18x and 21x the players bet Level 7: between 21x and 24x the players bet Level 8: either 24x, 26x, 28x or 30x the players bet Level 9: either 30x, 35x, 40x or 100x the players bet Level 10: either 40x, 45x, 50x or 100x the players bet Level 11: either 50x, 55x, 60x or 100x the players bet Level 12: 100x the players bet After level 12 is completed, multiplier symbols may still land on the free spins reels but they will not be collected. 4 free spins scatter symbols retrigger free spins. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Free spins will end if the maximum sum of wins value is reached. Multiplier Mini Game Rules: At the end of the Free Spins, if the player has landed enough multiplier symbols, they enter the Multiplier Mini Game to determine the multiplier that is applied to their total win. The player is presented with a fingerprint which is scanned against a database. The multiplier that is awarded is determined by the match percentage of that fingerprint. Which multiplier is awarded is predetermined. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Paying 75x the players regular bet triggers free spins with a RTP of 94.40% and 4 different options; Option 1; Low Volatility: 12 free spins with a minimum of 6 guaranteed wilds Option 2; Medium Volatility: 8 free spins with a minimum of 8 guaranteed wilds Option 3; High Volatility: 4 free spins with a minimum of 10 guaranteed wilds Option 4; Random: 12, 8 or 4 free spins with a minimum of 6, 8 or 10 guaranteed wilds is chosen at random Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game anddisplay the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based onprior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/25/2026