Chili Chase WILD is wild and substitutes for all symbols except , , , and . TIC TAC CASH FEATURE and appear with a monetary value between $0.05 and $25.00 times the bet multiplier. There is a bottom 3x3 grid that covers the middle three positions of reels 2, 3, and 4, and a top 3x3 grid. or appearing on the bottom 3x3 grid will duplicate to the corresponding position on the top 3x3 grid. A duplicating or will replace any symbol already present in that position and add any monetary value on the replaced symbol to the duplicated symbol. After all symbol duplication is complete, any row, column, or diagonal on the top 3x3 grid consisting entirely of or entirely of will award the sum of all monetary values displayed on those symbols. Any or on more than one awarding row, column, or diagonal will contribute its monetary value to each awarding row, column, or diagonal. If any monetary values were awarded, all and on the top 3x3 grid are removed, along with their monetary values. and appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The state of the Tic Tac Cash Feature is retained separately for each distinct bet option played. FREE SPINS FEATURE 3 activates the Free Spins Feature with 10 free spins. is a scatter symbol and appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The free spins play automatically at the same bet multiplier and on the same lines as the spin that awarded them. The free spins are played on different reels. The Tic Tac Cash Feature functions the same during the Free Spins Feature, except for the following differences. At the start of the Free Spins Feature, the top 3x3 grid is entirely empty, except for the middle position, which contains a locked . does not appear on the reels. is never replaced by a duplicating or [Special Feature Symbol 2], but adds the monetary value from the duplicating symbol to its own. is wild and counts as both and for purposes of awarding monetary values on the top 3x3 grid. During the Free Spins Feature, after any monetary values are awarded, only the monetary values and the and on the awarding rows, columns, and diagonals are removed. The Free Spins Feature does not award additional free spins. The Free Spins Feature ends when 0 free spins remain. When the Free Spins Feature ends the Tic Tac Cash feature returns to the state it was in when the Free Spins Feature was activated. GAME RULES The minimum bet is 25 credits. All 50 lines are always in play. Line wins for each line are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line wins pay from left to right, in adjacent reels only, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will automatically complete after 21 days. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before playing. RTP - 95% Last modification date: 2/10/2026