Chaos Crew GAME INFO - CHAOS CREW ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to the gritty world of Cranky and Sketchy! Chaos Crew is a high volatility 5x5 grid paylines game loaded with multipliers! The maximum feature win for this game is 10,000 times your bet! The maximum win can be achieved in the Free Spins game mode. CRANKY CAT The Cranky Cat symbol is WILD and also a mystery multiplier that will multiply the current line win. Wins with the Cranky Cat symbol in the main game multiplies the line win with the multiplier shown. When the Cranky Cat symbol lands, it will take on one of the following multipliers: x2, x3 or x5. If you get multiple Cranky Cat symbols on the same win line, the multipliers will multiply each other! The Cranky Cat symbol substitutes for all symbols in the base game except the FREE SPINS symbol. FREE SPINS If you land three Free Spin symbols, the game changes into free spin mode. The free spins mode starts with 3 spins. The free spins continue until you get three non-winning spins in a row. Every time you get a winning symbol, the number of free spins is reset to 3. The meter to the right of the grid displays the number of remaining spins. A number is displayed above each reel. At the end of the free spins mode, the total win will equal the sum of all displayed numbers multiplied with the current bet level. All symbols affecting the multipliers are applied in the order left to right, top to bottom. The symbols appearing in the free spins mode are described below: Every time the Cranky Cat symbol appears, it will multiply the number shown above the current reel with the factor revealed inside the Cranky Cat symbol. The possible multipliers are x2, x3, x5, x10, x20. Cranky Cat also has an Epic version. This symbol works the same way as the regular Cranky Cat symbol, but multipliers the value displayed above all reels with the factor shown! The possible multipliers are x2, x3, x5, x10, x20. The Sketchy Skull symbol will add the number revealed inside the Sketchy Skull symbol to the current reel’s multiplier. The possible multipliers are +1, +2, +5, +10, +20. The Epic Sketchy Skull symbol will add the number revealed inside the Sketchy Skull symbol to the factors shown above all reels! The possible multipliers are +1, +2, +5, +10, +20 These symbols are non-winning. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 92.4%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 15. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. The RTP when buying FREE SPINS is 92.2%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.20 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 8/2/2024