Cheers How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Cheers is a 3x3, 17 line video slot featuring 9 different bonus rounds. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Cheers Symbol Rules: The Cheers symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols. The Cheers symbol exists on reel 2 only. Any win with the Cheers symbol in view triggers a sticky wild respin. Sticky Wild Respin Rules: A sticky wild respin is a free respin. During the respin, all Cheers symbols nudge up or down to cover the whole of reel 2. While the spin is still in progress, a symbol from the paytable is selected at random. A win with this specially selected symbol awards a spin of the Boston Bonus Wheel plus a lines win as stated in the paytable. Any other win awards a lines win as stated in the paytable and then returns the player to the base game. No win returns the player to the base game. Hold & Hit Rules: If during a sticky wild respin the specially selected symbol lands on either reel 1 or reel 3 only, the Hold & Hit feature is triggered. The Hold & Hit feature allows the player to hold reel 2 plus the reel that contains the specially selected symbol and respin the other reel for a fixed price. The price is dependant on the players bet size as well as the probability of triggering the Boston Bonus Wheel via Hold & Hit. The player can choose between three different probability chances of triggering the Boston Bonus Wheel; 25%, 50% and 75%. A 25% chance of triggering the Boston Bonus Wheel costs 10x the players bet. A 50% chance of triggering the Boston Bonus Wheel costs 20x the players bet. A 75% chance of triggering the Boston Bonus Wheel costs 30x the players bet. The Hold & Hit feature is only available in the base game. Press/click the Hold & Hit logo to toggle the feature on or off. The Hold & Hit feature is optional and the player can choose to skip the Hold & Hit feature and continue with the game by paying for a standard spin. The Hold & Hit feature is not available in free bet mode. The Hold & Hit feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Boston Bonus Wheel Rules: The player spins the Boston Bonus Wheel to reveal which random bonus has been awarded. There are 9 different bonuses to be awarded with each having a different average win value. Woody's Wheel of Wonder pays 9.44x the players bet on average. Cliff's Cards pays 14.11x the players bet on average. Coach's Cold Ones pays 23.56x the players bet on average. Rebbeca's Rewads pays 28.27x the players bet on average. Carla's Crazy Choice pays 32.94x the players bet on average. Diane's Destiny pays 37.73x the players bet on average. Sam's Super Spins pays 47.08x the players bet on average. Fraiser's Free Spins pays 56.56x the players bet on average. Norm's Enormous Jackpots pays 94.26x the players bet on average. Woody's Wheel of Wonder cannot be awarded via the Boston Bonus Wheel and can only be triggered via a losing bonus gamble. All bonus rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the Boston Bonus Wheel. The maximum sum of wins for any bonus round is 250,000x the bet value. Bonus Gamble Rules: After a bonus has been awarded, the player can gamble their current bonus to try to win the next higher paying bonus. If they win this gamble, they can gamble again and repeat until they have won the highest paying bonus. If there is a losing gamble, the next lower paying bonus will automatically be awarded. If Norm's Enormous Jackpots is awarded, the gamble option is not available and this bonus automatically starts. All gambles are optional. Players can collect their current bonus before any gamble begins. Woody's Wheel of Wonder Rules: The player spins the wheel to reveal either a random cash prize, entry into Fraiser's Free Spins or entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots. The cash prizes that can be won are worth 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15 or 20x the players bet. If a cash prize is won, the bonus ends and the player returns to the base game. If entry into Fraiser's Free Spins is won, Woody's Wheel of Wonder ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If entry into Norm's Enmormous Jackpot is won, Woody's Wheel of Wonder ends and Norm's Enmormous Jackpot round begins. Cliff's Cards Rules: The bonus starts with 9 pick options on the screen for the player to choose from. The player must select an option. The option will reveal either a CASH PRIZE icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon. The player must continue to pick until 3 matching icons are revealed. If 3 CASH PRIZE icons are revealed, a random cash prize is awarded, Cliff's Cards ends and the player returns to the base game. The cash prizes that can be won are worth 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15 or 20x the players bet. If 3 FREE SPINS icons are revealed, the player wins entry into Fraiser's Free Spins, Cliff's Cards ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If 3 JACKPOT icons are revealed, the player wins entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots, Cliff's Cards ends and Norm's Enormous Jackpots round begins. Coach's Cold Ones Rules: The bonus starts with 3 pick options on the screen for the player to choose from. The player must select an option. The option will reveal either a random cash prize value, a COLLECT icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon. If a cash prize value is revealed, 3 new pick options are presented. The player must continue to pick until either a COLLECT icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon is revealed. After the COLLECT icon is revealed, the player is awarded the sum of all cash prizes collected, Coaches Cold Ones ends and the player returns to the base game. The cash prizes that can be won are worth 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15 or 20x the players bet. If a FREE SPINS icon is revealed, the player wins entry into Fraiser's Free Spins, Coaches Cold Ones ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If a JACKPOT icon is revealed, the player wins entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots, Coaches Cold Ones ends and Norm's Enormous Jackpots round begins. Rebecca's Rewards Rules: The bonus starts with 25 pick options on the screen for the player to choose from. The player must select an option. The option will reveal one of 9 different icons. 6 of the icons are pay icons and award a cash prize of 5, 6, 8, 10, 15 or 20x the players bet. 1 icon awards entry into Fraiser's Free Spins. 1 icon awards entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots. 1 icon is an upgrade icon. The player keeps picking until 3 matching icons are selected. If 3 matching pay icons are revealed the player wins the fixed amount associated to that icon as displayed in the bonus paytable, Rebecca's Rewards ends and the player returns to the base game. If 3 FREE SPINS icons are revealed, the player wins entry into Fraiser's Free Spins, Rebecca's Rewards ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If 3 JACKPOT icons are revealed, the player wins entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots, Rebecca's Rewards ends and Norm's Enormous Jackpots round begins. If the player reveals 1 upgrade icon the cash prizes increase to 6, 8, 10, 15, 20 and 30x the players bet. If the player reveals 1 more upgrade icon (2 in total) the cash prizes increase to 8, 10, 15, 20, 30 and 50x the players bet. If the player reveals 1 more upgrade icon (3 in total) the cash prizes increase to 10, 15, 20, 30, 50 and 100x the players bet. A maximum of 3 upgrade symbols can be revealed per bonus. Carla's Crazy Choice Rules: The bonus starts with 24 pick options on the screen for the player to choose from. The player starts the bonus with 3 picks. The player must select an option. After they have made a selection their pick count decreases by 1. The option will reveal either a random cash prize value, additional picks, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon. If a cash prize value is revealed it is collected in the BONUS WIN field. The cash prizes that can be won are worth 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 20, 30 or 50x the players bet. If additional picks are revealed those additional picks are added to the current pick amount. When there are 0 picks remaining the sum of all cash prizes are collected, Carla's Crazy Choice ends and the player returns to the base game. If a FREE SPINS icon is revealed, the sum of all cash prizes are collected, Carla's Crazy Choice ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If a JACKPOT icon is revealed, the sum of all cash prizes are collected, Carla's Crazy Choice ends and Norm's Enormous Jackpots round begins. Diane's Destiny Rules: The bonus starts with the player at the start of a 10 section pay trail and 4 pick options on the screen to choose from. Each section of the trail has a prize value associated to it. The cash values on each section of the trail are worth 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80 and 100x the players bet. The player must select an option. The option will reveal either a +1, +2 or +3 icon, a COLLECT icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon. If the player reveals a +1, +2 or +3 icon, they must progress this many sections along the pay trail. The player must continue to pick until either a COLLECT icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon is revealed. If the COLLECT icon is revealed, the player is awarded the prize value associated with their current section of the pay trail, Diane's Destiny ends and the player returns to the base game. If a FREE SPINS icons is revealed, the player is awarded the prize value associated with their current section of the pay trail, Diane's Destiny ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If a JACKPOT icons is revealed, the player is awarded the prize value associated with their current section of the pay trail, Diane's Destiny ends and Norm's Enormous Jackpots round begins. Sam's Spins Super Rules: The bonus starts with 8 pick options on the screen for the player to choose from. The player must select an option. The option will reveal either a COLLECT icon, a SPIN icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon. If a SPIN icon is revealed the prize wheel spins, a cash value is awarded and collected in the BONUS WIN feild. The cash values that can be won are worth 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 50 and 100x the players bet. The player must continue to pick until either a COLLECT icon, a FREE SPINS icon or a JACKPOT icon is revealed. After the COLLECT icon is revealed, the player is awarded the sum of all cash prizes collected, Sam's Super Spins ends and the player returns to the base game. If a FREE SPINS icon is revealed, the sum of all cash prizes are collected, Sam's Super Spins ends and Fraiser's Free Spins round begins. If a JACKPOT icon is revealed, the sum of all cash prizes are collected, Sam's Super Spins ends and Norm's Enormous Jackpots round begins. Frasier's Free Spins Rules: The player begins with 10 free spins. Any win with the Cheers symbol in view triggers a sticky wild respin. A sticky wild respin is a free respin and does not deduct a free spin from any remaining free spins. During the respin, all Cheers symbols nudge up or down to cover the whole of reel 2. While the spin is still in progress, a symbol from the paytable is selected at random. A win with this specially selected symbol awards a spin of the Boston Bonus Wheel plus a lines win as stated in the paytable. Any other win awards a lines win as stated in the paytable. During free spins, the prizes on the Boston Bonus Wheel are +5 free spins, a Mystery Multiplier or entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots. If a Mystery Multiplier is won, a random multiplier is awarded after all free spins have been completed and applied to all wins won during Fraiser's Free Spins. The Mystery Multiplier values that can we awarded are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 35x, 50x or 100x. Only 1 Mystery Multiplier can be won during Fraiser's Free Spins. If entry into Norm's Enormous Jackpots is won players enter the round after all free spins have been completed. Only 1 jackpot can be won during Fraiser's Free Spins. Fraiser's Free Spins will end if the maximum sum of wins value is reached. Norm's Enormous Jackpots Rules: The bonus starts with 9 pick options on the screen for the player to choose from. The player must select an option. The option will reveal either a MINI JACKPOT icon, a MAJOR JACKPOT icon or a MEGA JACKPOT icon. The player must continue to pick until 3 matching icons are revealed. Once 3 matching icons are revealed, the player wins the value associated with that jackpot, Norm's Enormous Jackpots ends and the player returns to the base game. The MINI JACKPOT is worth 50x the players bet. The MAJOR JACKPOT is worth 200x the players bet. The MEGA JACKPOT is worth 1000x the players bet. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy any bonus or a random bonus from the base game. Buying a random bonus costs 50x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.24%. After buying a random bonus, the player spins the Boston Bonus Wheel to reveal which bonus has been awarded. Buying Woody's Wheel of Wonder costs 10x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.43%. Buying Cliff's Cards costs 15x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.07%. Buying Coach's Cold Ones costs 25x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.24%. Buying Rebecca's Rewards costs 30x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.22%. Buying Carla's Crazy Choice costs 35x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.11% Buying Diane's Destiny costs 40x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.33%. Buying Sam's Super Spins costs 50x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.15%. Buying Fraiser's Free Spins costs 60x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.27%. Buying Norm's Enormous Jackpots costs 100x the players regular bet and has an RTP of 94.26%. Bonus gamble is only offered after a random bonus is bought. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game anddisplay the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based onprior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.11%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/19/2024