Casino War Overview Casino War™ is played with 6 standard decks of cards, excluding jokers. The Player and House each receive one card which are then compared against each other. The higher-ranked card wins. In the event of a tie, the Player can Surrender or Go to War. Choose to play with up to three hands. How To Play Betting Phase Place a bet on the main bet area for one, two or three hands. An optional tie bet may also be placed at this time. Dealing Phase After all bets have been placed, the cards are dealt. The Player and House each receive one card. Hand Evaluation The Player’s card is compared with the House's card. If the Player’s card is ranked higher than the House's card, the Player wins 1:1 on the main bet. If the House's card is ranked higher than the Player’s card, the Player loses their main bet. In The Event Of A Tie In the event of a tie, the Player must choose whether to Surrender or Go to War. If a tie bet was placed, the Player wins 10:1 on this bet. Surrender The Player forfeits half of the main bet. The remaining half is returned to the Player. Go To War The Player must raise the main bet by the amount equal to the initial main bet. The Player can also make an optional tie bet. This amount is equal to the initial main bet. No Tie Bet - Raise the main bet only. Tie Bet - Raise the main bet & make a tie bet. Go To War Go To War - Dealing Phase The House will then burn 3 cards and then deal one new card to each hand still in play. Go To War - Hand Evaluation If the Player’s new card is ranked higher than the House's new card, the Player shall win 1:1 on their raise. The Player’s original main bet is pushed. If the House's new card is ranked higher than the Player’s new card, the Player loses both the main bet & the raise. In the event of a tie, the main bet is pushed, and the raise pays 2:1. If a tie bet was made, this pays 10:1. Card Rankings Cards are ranked in the following order, from highest to lowest: A, K, Q, J, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 The suit has no effect on the card ranking. Payouts First Round Win Tie Main Bet 1:1 PUSH Tie Bet 10:1 - Go To War Win Tie Main Bet PUSH PUSH Raise 1:1 2:1 Tie Bet 10:1 - PUSH When a bet is “pushed”, it is returned to the Player with no additional winnings. Disclaimer These values are based on the optimal strategy, as derived from the rules. The expected return for the main bet is 97.83%. The expected return for the tie bet is 81.35%. The minimum initial main bet per hand is N/A. The minimum initial tie bet per hand is N/A. The maximum initial main bet per hand is $100.00. The maximum initial tie bet per hand is $100.00. LEGAL NOTICES In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. This game has premium winnings as described above. Jackpot: This game does not have a jackpot Skills The player cannot influence the outcome of this game. Unfinished game rounds: Any game rounds that for some reason have not been completed are stored on the server. For example, an unfinished game round may be due to poor internet connection. Unfinished game rounds either automatically resume after a short delay or by restarting the game. An unfinished game round is stored on the server along with the current bet. If a round of betting is not continued within 24 hours, the player will receive any winnings for bets that have been settled. Where the game is not settled, the bet will be returned to the player. Any combination of wins in a single game will not exceed $7,800.00. Last modification date: 12/8/2020