Chaos Crew 2 GAME INFO - CHAOS CREW 2 ABOUT THE GAME Cranky Cat and Sketchy Skull make their triumphant return, in style! Chaos Crew 2™ is a 5-row, 5-reel paylines game that gives you everything you loved from Chaos Crew™, and more: new Sticky and Epic Sticky multipliers, the groundbreaking Best of Bonus feature, and a new way to get a taste of the Bonus game with Epic Drop™! Not only that, but Chaos Crew 2™ raises the stakes with a staggering maximum win of 20,000 times your bet! The max win can be achieved in all game modes that Chaos Crew 2™ has to offer! So what are you waiting for? Let chaos reign! FEATURES A DROP OF EPIC PROPORTIONS The Epic Drop™ feature has a chance to be randomly activated at the start of each spin when playing the base game. When this feature is activated the game will morph into the bonus game and a minimum of five multiplier symbols from the Bonus will drop in to give you their multipliers! On the next spin, the game reverts back to the usual base game and continues as usual… unless you were lucky enough to activate another Epic Drop™! A VERY CRANKY CAT The Cranky Cat symbol is a wild multiplier that multiplies all the winning combinations that it’s part of in the base game More than one Cranky Cat can land at the same time and be part of the same winning combination, or different ones. When more than one Cranky Cat is part of the same win, their values multiply each other and the product is then applied to the win. Each Cranky Cat can have the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 In the base game, at most one Cranky Cat can land at a time on each reel and the Cranky Cat symbol substitutes for all other symbols in the paytable. BONUS Land 3 BONUS! scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the Bonus feature! In the Bonus, the game transforms and only non-paying symbols and multiplier scatter symbols will appear! Above each reel is a reel multiplier that starts at 1x. By landing multiplier symbols of different types, the reel multipliers above the reels are progressively increased! When the Bonus ends, all reel multipliers will be added together and then multiplied with your bet to determine the final win amount! The special multiplier symbols that appear in the Bonus feature are as follows. Sketchy Skull: adds its displayed value to the reel multiplier where it landed one time. Sticky Sketchy Skull: stays on the grid and adds its displayed value to the reel multiplier where it landed on every subsequent spin. Epic Sketchy Skull: adds its displayed value to ALL reel multipliers one time. Epic Sticky Sketchy Skull: stays on the grid and adds its displayed value to ALL reel multipliers on every subsequent spin. Possible multiplier values for all Sketchy Skull symbols are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x Cranky Cat: multiplies its displayed value with the reel multiplier where it landed one time. Sticky Cranky Cat: stays on the grid and multiplies its displayed value with the reel multiplier where it landed on every subsequent spin. Epic Cranky Cat: multiplies its displayed value with ALL reel multipliers one time. Epic Sticky Cranky Cat: stays on the grid and multiplies its displayed value with ALL reel multipliers on every subsequent spin. Possible multiplier values for all Cranky Cat symbols are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 The Bonus has 3 refilling lives that reset each time one of the above multiplier symbols lands. Each life represents one spin. Once all 3 lives are consumed without a new reset, the Bonus ends. SUPER BONUS Land 4 BONUS! scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the Super Bonus feature! The Super Bonus feature follows the rules for the Bonus feature above, with one exception! The first spin of each Super Bonus is guaranteed to have a minimum of 7 multiplier symbols from among those listed in the BONUS section. BEST OF BONUS When 3 BONUS! scatter symbols land at the same time as a BEST OF BONUS scatter symbol in the base game, the BEST OF BONUS feature is activated! This feature awards three Bonus features in a row, playing them out in full before storing the result on the scoreboard next to the grid! At the end of the third and final Bonus, the highest value from the scoreboard is awarded and multiplied with your bet to determine the final win amount! BEST OF SUPER BONUS When 4 BONUS! scatter symbols land at the same time as a BEST OF BONUS scatter symbol in the base game, the BEST OF SUPER BONUS feature is activated! This feature awards three Super Bonus features in a row, playing them out in full before storing the result on the scoreboard next to the grid! At the end of the third and final Super Bonus, the highest value from the scoreboard is awarded and multiplied with your bet to determine the final win amount! SPECIAL SYMBOLS BONUS! and BEST OF BONUS appear only in the base game. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 20,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/18/2024