Carnival Queen Game Rules Note: The Carnival Queen video slot is referred to as Carnival Queen, The Game or Game. 1. Carnival Queen is a video slot with 6 reels and 4096 pay ways. The game features Wilds, Multipliers, Avalanche feature and a Bonus game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. No bets can be altered during a game round. 4. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 5. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 6. Only the highest win per pay way is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the pay table. 7. All pay way wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 8. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 9. The Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the Scatter symbol. 10. Avalanche feature: Symbols included in pay way wins are replaced with new and/ or existing symbols dropping from above. In the base game, this continues as long as there is a new pay way win. 11. Multiplier: For each avalanche feature, the multiplier increases one level. This continues as long as there is a new pay way win within the same game round. In the Bonus game, the multiplier will not reset. 12. 3 (or more) Scatter symbols trigger the Bonus game consisting of free spins. 13. When entering the Bonus game, the multiplier will start at the same level as when the Bonus game was triggered. 14. In the Bonus game, 2 (or more) Scatter symbols awards extra free spins. The amount of extra spins depends on the number of Scatter symbols. 15. In the Bonus Game, when there are no winning combinations, a Wild symbol will remove all other symbols (except the Scatter symbols) vertically and horizontally. 16. The Bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus game. 17. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Toggles fastplay on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020