Chicken Fox 5x Skill Star ChickenFox5x Skillstar is a Bet 25, 20-line 3x5 Reel slot game with Skillstar feature (a new complimentary skill game) and Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.61% with any bet. Rules • 25 Coins plays 20 lines. • Lady is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except Gold Egg. • All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. • Paylines wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. • Scatter wins are multiplied by the number of lines played and by the bet multiplier. • All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. • Wins on different paylines are added. • Scatter wins are added to payline wins. • Highest win only on each selected payline. • Payouts are made according to the Paytable. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Skillstar • Use the left/right arrows on the screen or the left/right keyboard keys to control the fox. • Catch as many golden eggs as you can. • Game ends when 3 golden eggs are missed and drop to the ground. • Climb your way up the leader board with the highest score. • This game does not affect the RTP in any way. It is merely to be played for fun before the normal game bonus starts. • This game is optional and can be skipped with the skip button. Free Games – Chicken Catch Bonus • 3, 4 or 5 Gold Eggs triggers 8, 15 or 30 Free Games respectively. • Fox and Fox5 are WILD and substitute for all chickens during Free Games (cannot substitute for each other). • Foxes can catch Chickens or White Eggs during Free Games only. • Foxes catch Chickens, adding their prize tag totals to your payout. • Foxes catch White Eggs to award 1, 2, 3 or 5 Free Games. • Any Fox and/or Fox5 without a Chicken or Egg awards 1 and 5 Free Game(s) respectively. • Any payline win with Fox5 pays 5 times. • Any catching win with Fox5 pays 5 times. • Fox5 multiplies Free Games by 5 times when awarded with White Eggs. • Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. • Free Games cannot be retriggered. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier, except Scatter which is multiplied by the total bet. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. Last modification date: 2/23/2021