Cloud Corsairs TO PLAY THE GAME: 1. Choose a Bet Level. 2. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Click/tap, hold, and drag downwards a reel to spin Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. While the reels are spinning, you can quick stop the game by pressing the Spin button. The Fast Play increases the reel spin speed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings to activate/deactivate the Fast Play. Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets and payouts are in the user's currency. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings. Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not be available incertain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spins you want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Confirm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of the set spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not influence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Cloud Corsairs is a 3-tall, 5-reel game with 27 lines, featuring the Multiplier Reel, the Zeppelin Respin Feature, theLightning Mystery Feature, Free Spins, and Super Free Spins. Bet line wins pay from leftmost to right in the Base Game. Bet line wins are evaluated both from leftmost to right and rightmost to left in Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins on different bet lines are added together. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Pay table. All bet lines and winning combinations in the game are displayed in the Pay table. The Pay table reflects the current Bet configuration and changes in accordance with the total Bet. All Bets and payouts are in currency. Payouts are based on the total Bet. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.58%. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Bonus symbol can land on reel 2,3,4 in both the Base Game and the Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game activate the Free Spins and award 12 Free Spins. Bonus symbols appearing on the reels during the Free Spins are collected to a meter which unlock additional features. The Zeppelin symbol can land on reel 1-5 in both the Base Game and the Free Spins. Any bet line win with the Zeppelin symbol appearing in the Base Game and the Free Spins activates the Zeppelin RespinFeature. There are 10 Multiplier symbols: X1-X10. The Multiplier symbol can only land on the Multiplier Reel. The Blank symbol can land on reel 1-5 in the Super Free Spins only. The Blank symbol is not part of winning combinations. MULTIPLIER REEL The 6th reel from the left is the Multiplier Reel. There are only Multiplier symbols on the Multiplier Reel. All bet line wins in the Base Game and the Free Spins are multiplied by the multiplier hit. Only the middle position on the Multiplier Reel is activated in the Base Game. The top and the bottom positions can be activated in the Free Spins by collecting certain amounts of Bonus symbols When there are multiple positions activated, bet line wins are multiplied by the sum of multipliers on all activated positions. ZEPPELIN RESPIN FEATURE Any bet line win with the Zeppelin symbol appearing in the Base Game and the Free Spins activates the Zeppelin RespinFeature. All bet line wins on the reels except for Zeppelin symbol bet line wins, are paid out first. All Zeppelin symbols on the reels are locked. Multipliers on activated positions are added to the accumulated multiplier, and the game respins. Newly landed Zeppelin symbols during respins are also locked. If any new Zeppelin symbol lands, the multipliers landed on activated positions during respins are also added to the accumulated multiplier. Respin continues until no new Zeppelin symbol lands. Win lines are evaluated after the last respin, and all bet line wins are multiplied by the accumulated multiplier. The accumulated multiplier has a cap of X50. LIGHTNING MYSTERY FEATURE On any Base Game spin, there is a chance that the Lightning Mystery Feature will activate. A random pattern of 6 positions, appear as an overlay on the reels for one spin. One of the paying symbols, except for the Zeppelin symbol, is randomly selected and placed at the 6 positions. After the symbols have been placed, the game proceeds as a Base Game Spin. Zeppelin and Bonus symbol can not land on the reels during the Lightning Mystery Feature. FREE SPINS 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game activate the Free Spins and award 12 Free Spins.Bet line wins are evaluated both from leftmost to right and rightmost to left in Free Spins and Super Free Spins. All Bonus symbols landed in the Free Spins are collected to a meter. The Free Spins starts at level 0 and changes state after a certain amount of Bonus symbols have been collected: When 4 Bonus symbols are collected, the game awards 4 additional Free Spins and enters level 1. The top multiplier position on the Multiplier Reel is activated. When 9 Bonus symbols are collected, the game awards another 4 Free Spins and enters level 2. The bottom multiplier position on the Multiplier Reel is activated. When 15 Bonus symbols are collected, the game awards Super Free Spins which are played after all awarded Free Spins are completed. The Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and the same bet configuration as the round that activated the Free Spins. The Free Spins can not be reactivated during the Free Spins. SUPER FREE SPINS The Super Free Spins are awarded when 15 Bonus symbols are collected during the Free Spins. The Super Free Spins are played after all 20 Free Spins are completed. 3 Zeppelin symbols are placed on the reels and locked at the beginning of the Super Free Spins. 5 Super Free Spins are awarded and all 3 positions on the Multiplier Reel are activated. Only the Zeppelin and Blank symbols can land on the reels during Super Free Spins. All Zeppelin symbols that land on the reels are locked in position, and all multipliers landed on activated positions are added to the accumulated multiplier. No line win is paid out during the Super Free Spins. Win lines are evaluated when the 5 spins are complete, and all bet line wins are multiplied by the accumulated multiplier. The accumulated multiplier has a cap of X50. BUYING "FREE SPINS" You can buy FREE SPINS in the Base Game. Buying FREE SPINS costs 100x and starts a round with a guaranteed FREE SPINS activation. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the Buy Free Spins Feature is 95.67% The Payout is based on the Bet per spin value. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 10/25/2022