Castle of Terror Introducing the game Castle of Terror is a 6 reel video slot with 4096 ways to win, featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each inpidual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 12 Free Spins for 70 times the Free Spins Stake, or 12 Enhanced Free Spins for 200 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 100 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 100 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 100 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 12 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Whenever Free Spins are awarded, either Enhanced Free Spins or regular Free Spins will be awarded, at random. The chance of winning Enhanced Free Spins is shown in purple on a second wheel. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from the left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Holy Water Every spin, there is a chance that 2 or more positions on the centre four reels will be hit by Holy Water. Any Lady, Gentleman, Maid or Gardener hit by Holy Water becomes Wild and increments a win multiplier for that spin by 1. Win multiplier starts at one and is reset every base game spin. Wins are evaluated after symbols have become Wild. Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Scatters There are two Scatters: The regular Silver Castle Scatter and the Gold Castle Megascatter. Silver Castle Scatter can appear on reels 1 to 5. Gold Castle Megascatter appears on reel 6 only. 3 or more Scatters in any position award 12 Free Spins, plus 3 for each Scatter beyond the third. If one of the triggering Scatters is a Gold Castle Mega scatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. Scatters do not appear during Free Spins. Free Spins Win multiplier starts at one and increases by one every time a Lady, Gentleman, Maid or Gardener becomes Wild. Holy Water occurs on every Free Spin. Every time the win multiplier reaches a multiple of 20, an additional 6 Free Spins are awarded. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins When the Free Spins are triggered with the Gold Castle Mega scatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded In the Enhanced Free Spins, the win multiplier starts at two and increases by two every time a Lady, Gentleman, Maid or Gardener becomes Wild. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 96.72% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.73% General Information System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/29/2023