Cash Falls Add Em Up Gold HOW TO CALCULATE WAYS WIN There are 4608 ways to win in this game. Landing an identical symbol on 3,4 or 5 consecutive reels from the left awards a win except for wilds where 2 consecutive symbols triggers a win. Only the highest win is paid per symbol and that wins must begin with the leftmost reel. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbol, the win is multiplied. For example, if the first reel contain 2 winning symbols, the second reel 3 winning symbols and the third reel 2 winning symbols, this win is treated like a 3-of-a-kind win with a 2*3*2=12x MULTIPLIER. Each symbol's payout is listed in the paytable. All wins are multiplied by the total Base Bet amount. Way wins are summed together after the spin. CASH FALLS FEATURE If every position on a reel is filled with coins, the Cash Falls feature is triggered. This awards the total prize value of all coins on that reel. When coins land, all coins on that reel are held for the next 3 spins. The number of remaining spins coins are held for is displayed at the bottom of the reel. The counter is reduced by one for every consecutive spin where no coins land. After Cash Falls has been triggered, the coins currently on that reel are no longer held. ADD 'EM UP When ADD 'EM UP lands on a reel, it will collect the values of all other coins on the reel except the JACKPOT WHEEL COIN. If multiple ADD 'EM UP land on a reel on a single spin, they will be evaluated one at a time top to bottom and will include the value of any previous ADD 'EM UP coin. JACKPOTS If a JACKPOT COIN is awarded, then it awards the prize displayed in the jackpot meter. If JACKPOT WHEEL is awarded, the Jackpot Wheel feature will trigger and award MINI with a 3-20x multiplier, MINOR with a 2-10x multiplier, MEGA, or MAJOR. MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. FREE GAMES Landing 3, 4, or 5 bonus symbols awards 1x total bet and triggers the Free Games with 10, 12, or 15 free games respectively. Any coins that lands during free games are held for the remainder of the Free Games. At the conclusion of the Free Games, the cash value or jackpot displayed on each coin is awarded. PICK FEATURE If every position on a reel is filled with coins during Free Spins, then the Pick Feature is triggered for that reel before prizes on that reel are awarded. Pick coins that reveal MORE CREDITS, MINI, MINOR, a multiplier of 2-5x, or COLLECT. Picks are made until COLLECT is revealed. If MORE CREDITS is revealed, a credit prize will be added to a random coin on the reel. If MINI or MINOR are revealed, a coin will appear above the reel that will add that jackpot value to the reel win. If a multiplier is revealed, all current coin values on the reel, including MINI/MINOR above the reel, will be multiplied. Picks are for entertainment purposes only. COLLECT will be revealed on or before the 5th pick. The pick feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. Upon exiting the Free Games, the base game returns to the state that it was in prior to entering the Free Games. LEGAL Some game elements are not an accurate representation of the odds of winning and are for display or entertainment purposes only. In the event of disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries, TM and © 2024 Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 6/5/2025