Centurion Megaways 1 Introduction Centurion Megaways is a megaways slot game with up to 117649 ways to win, featuring reel modifiers, multiple bonus games, Bonus Gamble and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with up to 117649 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel, regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The Extra Reel adds an extra symbol to reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. During the base game, Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins, wild symbols only appear on the extra reel. During Wild Power Spins wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. During Super Wild Power Spins wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. 4 Features 4.1 Cascade During the base game, Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins, every winning symbol is part of a cascade. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. 4.2 Reel Modifiers At random during any base game spin, the Centurion can appear and deliver one of the following reel modifiers: Super Bonus: The centurion will deliver additional bonus symbol onto the reels, increasing the chance of entering the bonus. Big Win: The centurion will appear and announce the Big Win modifier, guaranteeing a win of at least 20x bet. Guaranteed Ways: The centurion will appear and announce the minimum number of ways for the next spin. Maximum Ways: The centurion will appear and announce that the next spin will use the maximum possible number of ways. Mystery Symbol: The centurion will deliver Mystery symbols onto the reels. All Mystery symbols in view change into another reel symbol, at random. The Mystery symbol modifier can also occur in Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins. 4.3 Bonus Wheel During the base game 3 or more scatters anywhere in view awards the bonus wheel. Spin the wheel in order to select a bonus. With 3 scatter symbols, the following bonuses are available from the bonus wheel: Prizes on Parade, Super Prizes on Parade, Caesar’s Free Spins, Super Caesar’s Free Spins, Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins. With 4 scatter symbols, the following bonuses are available from the bonus wheel: Super Prizes on Parade, Caesar’s Free Spins, Super Caesar’s Free Spins, Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins. With 5 scatter symbols, the following bonuses are available from the bonus wheel: Caesar’s Free Spins, Super Caesar’s Free Spins, Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins. With 6 scatter symbols, the following bonuses are available from the bonus wheel: Super Caesar’s Free Spins, Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins. With 7 scatter symbols, the following bonuses are available from the bonus wheel: Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins. With 8 or more scatter symbols, only Super Wild Power Spins is available from the bonus wheel. Free Spins base prizes are the same as the trigger bet. 4.4 Prizes on Parade and Super Prizes on Parade The player must press stop to accumulate cash prizes across the shields. All prizes are cumulative and are multiplied by the total bet. Landing on an arrow advances the player to the next shield. The feature ends when the player stops on collect. If the player lands on ‘Caesar’s Free Spins’, the Prizes on Parade or Super Prizes on Parade bonus will end and the Caesar’s Free Spins bonus will be entered. The win ranges for Prizes on Parade are 10x bet to 43x bet, excluding any wins from Caesar’s Free Spins. The win ranges for Super Prizes on Parade are 18x bet to 65x bet, excluding any wins from Caesar’s Free Spins. There is a higher chance of winning Caesar’s Free Spins from Super Prizes on Parade than from Prizes on Parade. 4.5 Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins The player must spin the wheels to select a number of Free Spins and a starting multiplier. The possible Free Spins in Caesar’s Free Spins are: 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 12. The possible Free Spins in Super Caesar’s Free Spins are: 8, 10, 12, 14 and 16. The possible starting multipliers in Caesar’s Free Spins are: 1, 2 and 3. The possible starting multipliers in Super Caesar’s Free Spins are: 1, 2, 3 and 5. Each winning Cascade increases the unlimited multiplier by 1. Winning symbol combination pays are multiplied by the current multiplier at the start of the Cascades. During Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins scatter symbols only appear in the Extra Reel. 3 Scatters landing in view during the Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins awards 5 additional free spins. 4 Scatters landing in view during the Caesar’s Free Spins and Super Caesar’s Free Spins awards 10 additional free spins. 4.6 Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins 3 spins are awarded in Wild Power Spins. During the first Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver a wild reel to reel 2. During the second Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver an additional wild reel to reel 3. During the third Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver an additional wild reel to reel 4. 4 spins are awarded in Super Wild Power Spins. During the first Super Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver a wild reel to reel 2. During the second Super Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver an additional wild reel to reel 3. During the third Super Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver an additional wild reel to reel 4. During the fourth Super Wild Power Spin, the centurion will deliver an additional wild reel to reel 5. All wild reels that are added to the reels will lock in for the remainder of the feature. The wild reels delivered by the centurion are multiplier wild reels. All wins will be multiplied by the value shown on the wild symbol. The available multipliers are: x2, x3, x4, x5 and x6. Cascades and the Extra Reel are disabled during the Wild Power Spins and Super Wild Power Spins. 4.7 Bonus Gamble Bonus Gamble allows the player to enhance the bonus feature. The bonus gamble allows the player to risk the current bonus for a chance to win the next highest paying bonus or a mystery cash prize. Feature awards are determined by the current base stake. The bonus gamble is not offered if the player is awarded Super Wild Power Spins. 4.8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero.Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointers tops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the standard game is 95.90%. The expected payback for the Bonus Gamble is 100%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/23/2020