Crystal Chasers GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 21.5 – EXTREMELY HIGH All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. WILD TRAIN FEATURE When the full Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols (3 symbols total) appears together with at least 1 Red Asteroid on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship will move one position at a time to overlap with any Red Asteroid or Purple Asteroid. All symbols comprising the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship reaches and overlaps with a Red Asteroid or a Purple Asteroid, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Red Asteroids and Purple Asteroids have been collected. Each Red Asteroid collected increases the number of positions covered by the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship. Additional Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Red Asteroids collected during the feature. Each Purple Asteroid collected places 3 to 7 Red Rockets in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship during the next respin or free game. After all Red Asteroids and Purple Asteroid have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Red Asteroid or Purple Asteroid were collected. The Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols and Purple Asteroid are wild and substitute for all symbols except each other. The Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship or Purple Asteroids do not substitute for Red Asteroid for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Purple Asteroid do not appear on the reels during the base game. Purple Asteroid appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 during respins. Purple Asteroid appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 during the Free Games Bonus. The Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols appear only on reel 5 during the base game. The Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 5 or more Red Asteroid starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Red Asteroid or Purple Asteroid. All symbols comprising the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship reaches and overlaps with a Red Asteroid or a Purple Asteroid, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Red Asteriod and Purple Asteroid have been collected. Each Red Asteroid collected increases the number of positions covered by the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship. Additional Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Red Asteroids collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Purple Asteroid collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Astronaut, lifeline, and Ship during the next respin or free game. Each Red Asteroid and Purple Asteroid collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. JACKPOT FEATURE Collecting 12 or more Red Asteroid during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards an amazing 2000 times your total bet at the end of the feature. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 9/28/2021