Cops 'n' Robbers Megaways 1 Introduction Cops n Robbers Megaways is a Megaways slot game with up to 117649 ways to win, with a choice of two bonuses, Free Spins and The Chase. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with up to 117649 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The Extra Reel adds an extra symbol to reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. 4 Features 4.1 Cascade During the base game and Free Spins every winning symbol is part of a Cascade with the exception of the Walking Wild symbol in Free Spins. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. 4.2 Win Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 4.3 Red reels and Blue reels During the base game a Police light can animate and flash red and blue. After the animation it will settle on either red or blue. 4.2.1 Blue Reels If the lamp stops lit Blue it will trigger the Dynamite Mystery Symbols bonus. The backgrounds of all the reels turns blue and Dynamite symbols are added to all the reels visually. A count up of the number of symbols being added is displayed. Once a number of symbols have been added and after a short period where they can be seen spinning, the reels stop with a number of dynamite symbols in view. Once all the reels have stopped, the dynamites explode and reveal the same random symbol behind each one that exploded. 4.2.2 Red Reels If the lamp stops lit Red it will trigger the Red Reels Increasing Megaways bonus. The backgrounds of all the reels turns red. At the commencement of red reels, the Robber will run onto the screen and wait in an idle animation to the left of the first reel. For each spin that red reels continue a pedestrian crossing light will toggle green and red. If the light stays green the Robber will move one position to the right. Once the Robber has moved from the first reel, a Cop will run on and stop one reel to the left of the Robber. When the Robber moves, the Cop will also move one position to the right, always stopping one reel to the left of the Robber. If the Robber reaches the right-hand reel with red reels still active, the bonus is triggered and the choice of either the Chase or Free Spins bonus is offered. If, during red reels, a win occurs that is >= 5x the stake, the win will be awarded and Red Reels will end. If enabled, a gamble will be entered that allows the player to gamble for a Free Spins bonus. If a win < 5x is achieved this will be paid and red reels will continue. If a game is played with the ways at Maximum Megaways, and the Bonus hasn’t been triggered or a win >= 5x achieved Red Reels should end. 4.4 Bonus Choice When 3 or more Bonus Robbers appear in view on the reels, the player is awarded a choice of the Chase Bonus or Free Spins. The number of triggering bonus symbols will be displayed and both the Snooze count on the Chase side and the Free Spin count on the Free Spin side will count up. The number of Free Spins awarded will be dependent on the number of bonus symbols in view on the reels. A Snoozing Cop character is displayed on the Chase side. The snooze count will count up dependent on the number of Bonus symbols present on the reels, one for every symbol. The player chooses one of the bonuses offered by selecting the relevant panel. 4.5 Chase Bonus The Chase consists of a lapping board made up of cash values, a Total Winnings Multiplier along with a Cop and a Robber Character. A Snoozing Cop character is displayed. The snooze count will be dependent on the number of Bonus symbols present on the reels and will have been displayed on the choice screen. A Red dice rolls and the Robber moves. The value contained in each position that the Robber lands on is added into the Total Winnings. If the Cop’s “Snooze count” is greater than zero it reduces by one but he continues to sleep. After a Robber move, if the Cop’s “Snooze count” is zero, a Blue dice is then rolled and the Cop moves. This continues until the Cop catches the Robber. Following a cartoon fight sequence, the game will then show the ID Parade which has the following outcomes: Vic - Boost – all the values around the board are boosted. Bert - Nicked – Bonus Over Sid - Compensation – Dapple around the board, where this lands the value landed on is added to the Total Winnings meter. The bonus continues if Bert is avoided. As the robber leaves a square, a new higher value is introduced to the board in its place. One square on the board is an Increasing Multiplier square. If landed on it will multiply the money in the Total Winnings meter by the multiplier displayed. When moving off this square the multiplier will increase by one, to a maximum of 5. 4.6 Free Spins bonus During Free Spins a Walking Wild symbol can be introduced onto the 7 th extra reel and there is an increasing multiplier that increases for each cascade awarded. During a reel spin, a Bonzo The Dog Wild symbol can walk onto the right-hand position of the 7 th reel. This will become a Walking Wild symbol. On successive spins in Free Spins he walks from right to left from his current position Any wins generated by the Walking Wild are paid but the symbol does not disappear in any cascade, ensuring he is able to walk to the next position on the next spin. If a Wild symbol lands on a reel directly below a Walking Wild, all symbols on that reel will become wild If a win occurs that incorporates the Stacked Wild, it will disappear and be replaced by new cascading symbols. If this includes a Wild symbol, a new Stacked Wild should be created. Each time a win is given and a cascade occurs, an Increasing Multiplier will increase by one. Initially the multiplier will be set to one by default. Any win, or combination of wins will be paid multiplied by the Increasing Multiplier value. After the symbols in view have been paid and the winning symbols eliminated, but before the reels have cascaded, the multiplier value will increase by one. Multiple increases in multiplier can occur on one spin, if there are multiple cascades. The multiplier is maintained and increases with cascades across the remaining Free Spins Extra Free Spins can be awarded during Free Spins by spinning in Robbers onto the 7 th reel. 4.7 Free Spins gamble The Free Spins gamble allows the player to risk the Free Spins won from reels for a chance to win more Free Spins. The TAKE button shows the amount being risked. The SPIN button shows the prize for winning the gamble. Press the TAKE button to collect the current prize, or the SPIN button to start the wheel. The gamble wins if the arrow lands in a green area and loses if it lands in a red area. The prizes for winning or losing the gamble are shown under the gamble wheel and also on a trail at the top of the screen. The segments of the wheel reflect the true odds of winning or losing. The winning Free Spins prize can be risked again until the end of the trail is reached. A maximum of 25 Free Spins can be won from the gamble wheel. If the maximum is reached, the Free Spins are collected automatically. Any remaining Free Spins after a non-winning gamble are collected automatically. 4.8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.5%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/11/2022