Cloud Princess ABOUT THE GAME Take to the skies and join the adventure with Cloud Princess! She’s got the treasures, if you’ve got the luck! This 6-reel, 5-row game is brimming with jewels and multipliers. Win up to 10,000 times your bet in this all-scatter style adventure. Experience the Multiplier symbol mechanic that can help you reach the stars with increased values on every cascade! The max win can be achieved in all game modes. FEATURES TOTAL WIN BAR All wins are collected in the Total Win Bar above the grid during each spin. MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS Multiplier symbols activate at the end of each spin, if there has been at least one win during the spin. The multiplier symbols will first add together, then the resulting value will be multiplied by the total win amount to form the win. Multiplier symbols can have a maximum value of 10,000x. There are three types of Multiplier Symbols: Normal Multiplier Symbol: Will land with the multiplier value visible and increase by +1 with every new cascade! Possible initial values: 2x, 3x, 4x Super Multiplier Symbol: Will land with a ?-character. The symbol’s value will be revealed when it activates. The symbol’s value will increase by +2 on every new cascade! Possible initial values: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x Epic Multiplier Symbol: Will land with its initial value revealed. The symbol’s value will double on every new cascade! Possible initial values: 5x, 10x, 50x, 100x CLOUD SURGE Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. During each spin, all wins will be collected and displayed above the reels as a pending win amount. That amount will be updated after every cascade that awards a new win. If you land one or more multipliers their values will be added together and applied to the total win at the end of each spin. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins. 3 FS awards +4 free spins. DIVINE BOOST Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus game, a progressive Divine Multiplier collects all multiplier values that are a part of a win before adding it to the total win; these multipliers are then stored in the progressive Divine Multiplier portal and increase with each following winning spin containing multiplier symbols. All following multiplier values will first be added to the Divine Multiplier portal and then the new total will be added to the Total Win bar. If there is a win, but no multipliers on the grid, the Divine Multiplier stays inactive. If there are multipliers on the grid, but no wins, the multipliers are not added to the Divine Multiplier and it stays inactive. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins; 3 FS awards +4 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.3%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 8 or more symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 10/7/2025