Cash Stampede Game Rules 25 coins plays 243 ways Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the bet Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added Winning combinations can occur anywhere on all reels Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any SCATTER appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only WILD appears on reel 3 only and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Free Games Feature 3 SCATTERS trigger 8 Free Games A WILD symbol is held in the middle position of Reel 3 for the duration of the free games The Cash Stampede Re-Spins can be won during the Free Games Feature The Free Game Feature Can be re-triggered during the Free Game Feature Free Games are played at the reels and bet of the trigger game Cash Stampede Respins Any Elephant, Rhino, Buffalo, Antelope or Horse win with WILD substituting triggers the Cash Stampede Re-Spins The triggering symbols are held and all other positions are re-spun Any additional symbols matching the triggering symbols are also held, until a re-spin occurs where no additional matching symbols appear Only wins of the triggering symbol are paid as a result of the Cash Stampede Re-Spins and only at the completion of the Cash Stampede Re-Spins Gamble Feature (If Applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP The Theoretical return to player is 95.27%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021