Candy Mine Megaways CANDY MINE MEGAWAYS How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin, a wheel spin, close in-game messages or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Holding down the space bar will result in continued turbo spins. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. During the base game, winning payouts are shown in the paytable and are multiplied by the amount of ways in the winning combination. During free spins, winning payouts that are shown in the paytable are multiplied by the amount of ways in the winning combination and the global multiplier. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Candy Mine Megaways is a 6 reel Megaways video slot featuring a free spins bonus, a respin bonus and 6 fixed jackpots. It pays from left to right and right to left and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost or rightmost reel. 6 of a kind wins pay only 1 way. A round stops when there are no more wins visible on the reels. The amount of Megaways can vary each spin up to a maximum of 117,649. During cascades on the main reels, winning symbols are removed and new symbols fall downwards to fill in the empty spaces. Only the highest win is paid per symbol. Jackpot Rules: There are 6 fixed jackpots to be won. The MICRO jackpot value is 10x the players regular bet. The MINI jackpot value is 25x the players regular bet. The MINOR jackpot value is 75x the players regular bet. The MAJOR jackpot value is 200x the players regular bet. The MEGA jackpot value is 1000x the players regular bet. The CANDY jackpot value is 5000x the players regular bet. Respin Symbol Rules: Respin symbols are scatter symbols and exist on reels 1 & 6 in the base game only. The respin symbols on reel 6 have either 1, 2 or 3 overlaid on top of them. If respin symbols land on both reels 1 & 6 during 1 paid spin the respin bonus is triggered. The number of respins awarded matches the number that is overlaid on top of the respin symbol on reel 6. Respin Bonus Rules: The respin bonus pays both ways. 6 of a kind wins pay only 1 way. 1, 2 or 3 paying symbols are selected to be used in each respin. The chosen symbols are then added to the respin reels. The number of ways in each respins is the same as the base game spin that triggered the feature. After the reels stop, winning symbols are removed from the reels. No new symbols fall down onto the reels to fill any empty spaces during the whole of the respin bonus. If there are no symbols remaining on the respin bonus reels the SWEET TREAT WHEEL FEATURE is triggered. If there are symbols remaining on the respin bonus reels that respin is complete and the player either returns to the base game or plays any remaining respins. Respin bonus total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Sweet Treat Wheel Feature Rules: Sweet treat wheel feature total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the respin bonus. There are 3 levels of wheel inside the sweet treat wheel feature. The level 1 prizes are MICRO jackpot, MINI jackpot, MINOR jackpot, FREE SPINS or LEVEL UP. The level 2 prizes are MINI jackpot, MINOR jackpot, MAJOR jackpot, FREE SPINS or LEVEL UP. The level 3 prizes are MINOR jackpot, MAJOR jackpot, MEGA jackpot, CANDY jackpot or FREE SPINS. The player spins the level 1 wheel and wins either a jackpot, entry into free spins or receives a level up. If the player receives a level up they spin the level 2 wheel and win either a jackpot, entry into free spins or receives a level up. If the player receives a level up they spin the level 3 wheel and win either a jackpot or entry into free spins. If a jackpot is won the jackpot value is awarded and the sweet treat wheel feature ends. If an entry into free spins is won the free spins bonus is played at the same stake as the total bet placed before triggering the respin bonus and then any remaining respins are played. Collection Token Rules: COLLECTION TOKENS exist on all reels except the RESPIN BONUS reels and overlay all symbols. COLLECTION TOKENS are collected into the COLLECTION POT. After they have been collected they reveal a symbol beneath. Collection Pot Rules: Any collected token may trigger the FREE SPINS BONUS except when collected on a round that triggers the RESPIN BONUS. The graphical collection pot is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence the awarding of the bonus. Free Spins Rules: Once triggered, the player can choose 1 of 4 types of free spins. • Option 1; 10 free spins and the multiplier increases +1 for every cascade • Option 2; 8 free spins and the multiplier increases +2 for every cascade • Option 3; 6 free spins and the multiplier increases +3 for every cascade • Option 4; Random: 10, 8 or 6 free spins and a multiplier increase of +1, +2 or +3 is chosen at random There is no cap on the maximum multiplier that can be reached. The free spins bonus pays both ways. 6 of a kind wins pay only 1 way. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Additional Free Spins Rules: During free spins, collection tokens exist on all reels and when they land they are collected into the COLLECTION POT. After they have been collected they reveal a symbol beneath. Any collected token may increase the additional spin count +1 or may award the displayed additional spins. The additional spin count starts at 1 and is capped at 3. When any additional spins are awarded or the feature ends, the count resets back to 1. There is no cap on the amount of times additional free spins can be awarded. Jackpot Symbol Rules: Jackpot symbols are scatter symbols and exist on reels 1 & 6 during free spins only. If jackpot symbols land on both reels 1 & 6 during 1 free spin the jackpot wheel feature is triggered. Jackpot Wheel Feature Rules: The jackpot wheel feature total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the free spins bonus. There are 3 levels of wheel inside the jackpot wheel feature. The level 1 prizes are MICRO jackpot, MINI jackpot, MINOR jackpot or LEVEL UP. The level 2 prizes are MINI jackpot, MINOR jackpot, MAJOR jackpot or LEVEL UP. The level 3 prizes are MINOR jackpot, MAJOR jackpot, MEGA jackpot or CANDY jackpot. The player spins the level 1 wheel and wins either a jackpot or receives a level up. If the player receives a level up they spin the level 2 wheel and win either a jackpot or receives a level up. If the player receives a level up they spin the level 3 wheel and wins a jackpot. When a jackpot is won the jackpot value is awarded and any remaining free spins are played. Ante Bet Rules: The Ante Bet can be toggled on and off in the base game. When the Ante Bet is toggled on, the player pays an extra 40% of their base bet. The Ante Bet gives improved odds of triggering Free Spins. When the Ante Bet is active, wins are paid out based on the players base bet. The RTP when the Ante Bet is active and free spins option 1 is chosen is 94.36%. The RTP when the Ante Bet is active and free spins option 2 is chosen is 94.36%. The RTP when the Ante Bet is active and free spins option 3 is chosen is 94.37%. The RTP when the Ante Bet is active and free spins option 4 is chosen is 94.36%. The Ante Bet may not be available in the game you are playing. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Players have 2 different feature buy options. Paying 100x the players regular bet triggers free spins with 4 different options; • Option 1; 10 free spins and the multiplier increases +1 for every cascade and an RTP of 94.37% • Option 2; 8 free spins and the multiplier increases +2 for every cascade and an RTP of 94.37% • Option 3; 6 free spins and the multiplier increases +3 for every cascade and an RTP of 94.39% • Option 4; Random: 10, 8 or 6 free spins and a multiplier increase of +1, +2 or +3 is chosen at random and produces an RTP of 94.42% Paying 200x the players regular bet triggers free spins with a RTP of 94.47% and guarantees 10 free spins with the multiplier increasing +3 for every cascade. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Feature buy is not available when the Ante is active. Megaways™ Rules: Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols from left to right or right to left starting with the left-most or right-most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ is under licence from Big Time Gaming. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.31%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/17/2026