Cash Falls Huo Zhu CASH FALLS™ FEATURE During the base game, each COIN displays a Total Bet Multiplier or Jackpot based on the table below. Reel Possible COIN values 1-2 0.5x - 100x Total Bet, MINI 3-4 0.5x - 100x Total Bet, MINI, MINOR 5 1x - 100x Total Bet, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA If COIN lands on a reel, then all COIN on that reel are held for the next 3 wagers at the same Total Bet. The number of wagers that a reel's COIN will remain held is shown at the bottom of that reel. If every position on a reel is filled with COIN, then that reel awards the Cash Falls™ Feature. The Cash Falls™ Feature awards the prizes displayed on each of the corresponding reel's COIN. If a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or MEGA jackpot is awarded, then it awards the prize displayed in the corresponding meter. All prizes are added together, with the total displayed in the meter at the bottom of that reel. After a reel awards the Cash Falls™ Feature, the COIN present on that reel are no longer held. COIN land in stacks of 1, 2, or 3. For each reel, a maximum of 1 stack of COIN may land per base game spin. The Cash Falls™ Feature may not be possible on a given wager. Symbols that land behind COIN are not evaluated. All information on the Cash Falls™ Feature pages only pertains to the base game. FREE SPINS FEATURE Reel Possible COIN values 1-2 0.5x - 100x Total Bet, MINI 3-4 0.5x - 100x Total Bet, MINI, MINOR 5 1x - 100x Total Bet, MINI, MINOR 3, 4, or 5 scattered FIRECRACKER award 1x total bet and trigger the Free Spins Feature with 10, 12, or 15 free spins respectively. During the Free Spins Feature, each COIN displays a Total Bet Multiplier or Jackpot based on the table above. Any COIN that lands during free spins will be held for the remainder of the Free Spins. If every position on a reel is filled with COIN, then a 2-10x multiplier is applied to all COIN on that reel. Only one reel multiplier may be awarded to each COIN. At the conclusion of the Free Spins Feature, the Total Bet Multiplier or Jackpot appearing on each {gray} is awarded. If a MINI or MINOR Jackpot is awarded, then it awards the prize displayed in the corresponding meter. The Free Spins Feature ends when no free spins remain. Upon exiting the Free Spins Feature, the base game returns to the state that it was in prior to entering the Free Spins Feature. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Feature. All symbols besides COIN are grayed out and not evaluated. Symbols that land behind COIN are not evaluated. Wild and Scatter symbols do not appear in the Free Spins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Free Spins Feature. LEGAL NOTICES A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 96.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.