Chicken Fox Chicken Foxis a Bet 30, 25-line3x5 Reelslot game with a Free Games bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1,2and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.49% with any bet. The Win field displays winnings in credits. Spacebar can be used to spin. Select “Credit Value” (Bet Multiplier) x30bet for lines stake. Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Free Gamewins are added to wins displayed in the WIN meter. Game Rules 30 Coins plays 25 lines.Lady is WILDand substitutes for allsymbols except Gold Egg. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay leftto right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. Highest win only on each selected payline. Paylineswins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter wins are multiplied by the number of lines played and by the bet multiplier. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. 3, 4 or 5 Gold Eggstriggers8, 15or 30 Free Games respectively. Foxand Fox2 are WILDand substitute for all chickens during Free Games(cannot substitute for each other). Foxes can catch Chickens or White Eggs during Free Games only. Foxes catch Chickens, adding their prize tag totals to your payout. Foxes catch White Eggs to award 1, 2, 3 or 5 Free Game(s). Win up to 20 Free Games with Fox and 40 Free Gameswith Fox2 per spin. Any Fox without aChickenor EggawardsFree Game(s). Any payline win with Fox2 pays double. Any catching win with Fox2 pays double. Fox2 doubles Free Game(s)awarded with White Eggs. Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN Spin: Spins the reels. AUTOPLAY:When more than zero AUTOPLAYs isselected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. Stop: Stop allow players to stop the reel spin immediately to see the final results. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAYbutton and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME:Accesses Casino menu. SETTINGS:Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options. Lines: This game is fixed for 25lines. BET:Adjusts the BET. The slideradjuststhe BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The sliderincreasesor decreasesthe number of autoplays. The available of autoplays are0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95 and 100 INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE:Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by 30Credits