Crazy Coin GAME DESCRIPTION “CRAZY COIN”, expand the fun and let the riches run wild! During bought games and free games, the reel format randomly expands up to 9 symbols high raising the number of valid paylines up to 120. When the reels are expanded, wild appear randomly across the reels and/or entire reels change to wild. “CRAZY COIN”, has a 3x5- Video Slots 3 rows up to 9 rows, with fixed 30 Lines / Up to 120 Lines (during Expander Reels). HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle GAME RULES This game requires a minimum of 60 CREDITS to play. This game is intended for all lines play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Free Games wins are added to line wins. Only highest win paid on each line. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win. Press the GAMBLE button. Select a Suit, Red/Black or Collect. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Win may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable). Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop on any win: Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/19/2024