Celestial King Game Rules Celestial King is a 5 reel and 3 row slot game featuring the Celestial King Respin Feature and a Free Games Bonus. Base Game JACKPOT WILD is wild for all symbols in the base game except BONUS and SCATTER. When Grand Jackpot is available, 5 JACKPOT WILD on an active payline awards the displayed grand jackpot. Grand jackpot is not available at all bet levels. Grand Jackpot is available during base game only. WILD is wild for all symbols except JACKPOT WILD, BONUS and SCATTER. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Total bet is 50 credits multiplied by the bet per line. All line pays are multiplied by the credits bet per line. Scatter pays are multiplier by the total credits bet. If Grand Jackpot is available, then before the reel spin initiates during base game, for each reel, a number of positions will randomly be replaced with JACKPOT WILD or WILD. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The Mini Bonus, Minor Bonus and Major Jackpots are not multiplied by wager at lower bet levels. See in-game help for further details Free Games Bonus 3 or more scattered BONUS in the base game trigger the free games bonus. 8 free games are awarded. During free games, 3 or more scattered BONUS awards 8 additional free games. An alternative set of reels is used during the Free Games Bonus. Celestial King Respin Feature 5 or more scattered SCATTER on the reels trigger the celestial king respin feature. The triggering SCATTER symbols are locked in place until the end of the feature, and 3 spins are initially awarded. During this feature, columns 1-5 are 3,4,5,6 and 7 symbol positions tall respectively, and each symbol position transforms to an independent reel. An alternative set of reels is used in this feature, where each independent reel contains only SCATTER and CHARACTER. CHARACTER appearing on these reels are not evaluated. During this feature, each SCATTER appears with credit values of 1-50 credits, times the total bet. Credit values appearing on SCATTER have already been multiplied by the total bet. During each spin, if one or more additional SCATTER appears, then they are locked in place until the end of the feature, and the number of spins remaining will be reset to 3. At the end of the feature, the sum of the credits shown on all locked SCATTER symbols will be awarded. If all positions on columns 3, 4 or 5 are filled with SCATTER symbols, the corresponding Mini Bonus, Minor Bonus or Major Jackpot will be awarded. If all positions on all columns are filled with SCATTER, then 50 credits times the total bet is awarded. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96%. Malfunction voids all pays amd plays. Last modification date: 12/28/2021