Catch of the Day 1 Introduction Catch of the Day is a 5x3 slot game with 10 win lines always in play. Landing 3 or more scatter symbols in view triggers a free spins bonus feature. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The values shown on the fish symbols can only be won during the bonus feature. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wild Symbol The fisherman symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols in the game, except the scatter symbol. The fisherman symbol appears on all reels in the bonus feature only. 5 Mixed Pays The fish symbols are mixed pays. They will award line wins when landing in 3, 4 or 5 of a kind combinations on the reels. 6 ‘Catch of the Day’ bonus entry The scatter symbol appears on all reels in the base game only. 3, 4 or 5 scatter symbols landing anywhere in view awards 10, 15 or 20 free spins respectively, and starts the Catch of the Day bonus feature. 7 ‘Catch of the Day’ free spins bonus feature During Free Spins when a fisherman and any fish land in view, the values shown on the fish are paid. If more than 1 fisherman lands, each fish value is awarded again for every fisherman in view. 8 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Winnings can be gambled. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 20 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 9 General Information 9.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 9.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.05%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 95.05%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/2/2022