Calavera Cash This symbol is WILD and can be substituted for any of the symbols below. The pays above are the pays awarded at minimum bet. All pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild Ways Pays Feature is a special wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols. When is a part of a winning combination, a credit value will appear. Credit value can be 20, 40, 80, 120, 200, 400, 800 at minimum bet. These values are mutliplied by the bet multiplier. The credit amount on is awarded for each combination the contributes to a win. only appears on reel 3 in the center position, and counts as a single wild for win contributions. Bonus Games The appearance of 2 and a awards 10 Bonus Games. The Wild Ways Pays Feature is active during Bonus Games, and is locked on the 3rd reel. Alternate reels are used during the Bonus Games feature. Additional Bonus Games cannot be awarded. The bet, ways played, and pays during the Bonus Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. To calculate the total win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the leftmost reel. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of winning symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 1 symbol, the second reel 2 symbols and the third reel 3 symbols, the total multiplier is: 1 x 2 x 3 = 6. Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the win display and then credited to the appropriate balance. All ways are active at all times. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.88%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Last modification date: 9/30/2025