Charlie's Angels CHARLIE'S ANGELS How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Charlie’s Angels™ is under license from Sony Pictures. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. During the base game, winning combinations are calculated by multiplying the payout as shown in the paytable by your bet. During free spins, winning combinations are calculated by multiplying the payout as shown in the paytable by your bet and global multiplier. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. Game Rules: Charlie's angels is a 6x4 ways game with 4096 ways to win. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the remaining symbols fall down. New symbols then fall down onto the reels to fill any empty spaces. A round stops when there are no more wins visible on the reels. Wild Rules: There are 3 lights above reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. If a wild lands on any of these reels, one light above that particular reel lights. After the third light has lit, the current wild expands to fill the whole reel. This expanded wild remains in place until it is part of a win. The status of the lights above the reels is linked to bet size. Bonus Bar Rules: The bonus bar is filled with any win that includes one of the 3 highest paying symbols. The bonus bar consists of 3 sections. The amount of ways wins won dictates how many sections of the bonus bar are filled. • 1 - 3 ways fills 1 section of the bonus bar • 4 - 11 ways fills 2 sections of the bonus bar • 12+ ways fills 3 sections of the bonus bar The bonus bar must be filled during one paid spin. The bonus bar resets at the start of each paid spin. Filling the bonus bar triggers free spins. Free Spins Rules: Once triggered, the player can choose 1 of 4 types of free spins. • 10 free spins with a 1x starting multiplier • 7 free spins with a 4x starting multiplier • 4 free spins with a 7x starting multiplier • Random: 10, 7 or 4 free spins with a starting multiplier of 1x, 4x or 7x is chosen at random During free spins, a global multiplier that starts at either 1x, 4x or 7x increases +1 for every cascade. Any wild that lands during a winning free spin expands to cover that reel. The expanding wild animation will only trigger if the wilds are involved in a win. These expanded wilds do not stick. Filling the power meter retiggers free spins. At the end of free spins, if the player has won less than 10x their bet during the round, 3 extra consolation free spins are awarded. Wins carried over from the base game are not included in this 10x threshold. Consolation free spins are only awarded once per free spins round. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered or on the maximum multiplier that can be reached. Jackpot Rules: During free spins, jackpot symbols exist on the reels. 3+ scatter symbols landing anywhere on the reels awards 1 of 4 fixed jackpots. • 3 jackpot symbols awards the mini jackpot which is equal to 25x the players bet • 4 jackpot symbols awards the minor jackpot which is equal to 50x the players bet • 5 jackpot symbols awards the major jackpot which is equal to 200x the players bet • 6 jackpot symbols awards the grand jackpot which is equal to 1000x the players bet Jackpots are not subject to the global multiplier. All jackpots can be won multiple times during a free spins round. Jackpot symbols pay anywhere on the reels. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Buying free spins will cost 100x your regular bet. The feature buy is not available when sticky wilds are in view. If sticky wilds are in view, the play may change the current bet level and reset the wild status to reactivate feature buy. The feature buy has a variable rtp depending on which free spins option is chosen; • low volatility: 94.10% • medium volatility: 94.10% • high volatility: 94.10% • random: 94.12% Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game anddisplay the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based onprior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is varyable depending on which free spins option is chosen; • low volatility: 94.05% • medium volatility: 94.05% • high volatility: 94.05% • random: 94.07% This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/9/2024