Cherry Blast Cherry Blast is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring free spins and a bonus game. You play a fixed 20 lines per spin (1 coin per line), the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitute for all non-special symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. A bomb symbol can appear in the centre of the middle reel, which will explode outwards in a random direction revealing either scatters, free spin symbols, bonus symbols or up to 5 wild symbols. 9 free spins are activated when 3 star symbols appear on the reels, this also awards 100 coins. 80 coins are awarded when 3 scatter symbols appear on the reels. The bonus game is activated when 3 bonus symbols appear on the reels. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust the amount of round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop it at any time). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops autoplay when you win a round. Stop on win of. Stops autoplay when the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Cherry Blast free spins During free spins 2 cherry bomb symbols can appear in the reels which when exploding reveals super wild or super scatter symbols. Super wild and super scatter appear in free spins, and will appear after the 2 cherry bomb symbols somewhere on the middle three reels. All the symbols between and including those two bombs (going down the reel then to the top of the next reel and so forth) will be transformed into super wilds or super scatters depending on the symbols that appear. If two super wilds appear, all between will transform to wild (same for if two super scatters appear). If one of each appears, symbols between will alternate between wild and scatter. Cherry Blast Dash bonus game In the dash bonus the player can choose 1 of 5 paths to take. Each yellow unit is x1 multiplier of the stake, and each purple unit holds different prizes. These range from x2 multipliers to x60 multipliers, but the purple unit can also end the bonus game. The player can decide the level of risk they want to take – the more purple units on a path, the higher the risk but the higher the potential winnings. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner and then the gear icon. Settings page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin. Enables or disables the option to press the space bar to spin. Show help screen on load. Turns the help screen on or off. Game History Game history list. A list of all the hands played (not in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94% . Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded.