Cash Wheel Blazing 777 2x3x5x WILD and JACKPOT is WILD for 7, BLAZING 7, BAR, DOUBLE BAR and TRIPLE BAR Winning combinations involving 5x pay 5x. 5x does not appear on reel 2. Winning combinations involving 3x pay 3x. 3x does not appear on reels 1 and 3. Winning combinations involving 2x pay 2x. Winning combinations involving multiple multipliers will be awarded as a product of the multipliers. For example, if 5x and 5x form a win line, 25x will be awarded. CA$H WHEEL™ FEATURE Landing 3 SPIN symbols on an active payline will trigger the CA$H WHEEL™ FEATURE and a cash prize of 4 - 200x stake. JACKPOTS 3 Jackpots on payline 9 at any bet awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. 3 Jackpots on payline 1-8 at any bet awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. 3 Wilds on an active payline awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. Any 3 mixed Jackpots or Wilds on an active payline awards the value displayed in the corresponding Jackpot meter. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. All symbol payouts are calculated using the base bet. MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. LEGAL Some game elements are not an accurate representation of the odds of winning and are for display or entertainment purposes only. In the event of disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its subsidiaries. TM and © 1993 – 2025 Light & Wonder, Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 2/24/2026