Champions Goal Untitled Document Game Rules Champion’s Goal is a 5 reel video slot with up to 20 paylines based on symbol. Blue symbols pay left to right and red symbols pay right to left. Neutral symbols pay both ways. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Symbol payouts in pay table are presented based on selected bet level. A game round starts on selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Keep the Spin button pressed and select the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the pay table. All winnings are presented in the selected currency. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round or in Derby Free Spins. In the event of malfunctions all bets and wins are void. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 95.7% Line winnings does not include winnings from Cascading Tifo nor Free Kick. The Ball symbol triggers Free Kick and line winnings are multiplied with 5. The Referee symbol triggers Sticky Corners where Sticky WILDs are covering the corners of the reels area during 1 respin. The Champion's Goal symbol is WILD and substitutes any symbol except Ball, Trophy or Referee. 3 Trophy symbols on reel 3 start Derby Free Spin. Derby Free Spins run over 7 rounds. A Trophy symbol awards stop time +1 (e.g one extra spin). Maximum stop time is +3. Derby Free Spins end with the chance of hitting Champion’s Goal. Reels stop immediately if scoring Champion’s Goal and game returns to normal mode. Champion’s Goal pays out an instant amount. Reel 1, 2 and 3 covered with blue symbols trigger blue Cascading Tifo, and reel 3, 4 and 5 trigger red Cascading Tifo. WILD is color neutral and does not substitute symbols on color. Cascading Tifo runs over 3 rounds with 3 Sticky WILDs. Maximum win is based on maximum bet. Maximum win is 2000 times bet per round. Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play, this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern which automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Betting Strategies are listed in the pay table. Last modification date: 3/8/2017