Candy Bam Bam CANDY BAM BAM is wild and substitutes for all symbols except , and . BAM PAYS FEATURE or landing anywhere on the reels activates the Bam Pays Feature. After all line wins are paid, Each has all positions replaced with and Each column with a has all positions replaced with and only appear as a result of the Bam Pays Feature. and appears with $0.05 and $2.00 times the bet multiplier or affected by more than one or appear with the sum of the values it would have appeared with from each one individually. COLLECTION METER If there are 6 or fewer or present after all Bam Pays Symbols have been replaced, then the value on the left side of the collection meter is increased by the number of and and the value on the right side of the collection meter is increased by the total of the values appearing on all and After all increases, if the value on the left side of the Collection Meter is 20 or greater then the value on the right side of the Collection Meter is awarded and both values on the Collection Meter reset to 0. If there are 7 or more or present after all Bam Pays symbols have been replaced then the Lock & Respin Feature is activated. LOCK & RESPIN FEATURE When the Lock & Respin Feature is activated all or on the reels lock in place for the duration of the feature. The Lock & Respin Feature begins with 3 free respins. On each respin, each position on the reels that does not already contain a , , or spins a special independent reel. If one or more spinning reel lands a then those symbols lock in place and the number of free respins remaining resets to 3. During the Lock & Respin Feature each new appears with $0.10 to $10.00 times the bet multiplier The Lock & Respin Feature ends when 0 free respins remain or when every position contains , , or At the end of the Lock & Respin Feature the total of the values appearing on all , , or is awarded. If every position contains a , , or at the end of the Lock & Respin Feature then a Jackpot of 1000 times the total amount bet is also awarded. Line wins are not paid during the Lock & Respin Feature. appears only during the Lock & Respin Feature. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The minimum bet is 20 credits. 100 lines are in play during the base game. 200 lines are in play during the Free Spins Feature. Line wins for each line are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line wins pay from left to right, in adjacent reels only, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will automatically complete after 21 days. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before playing. Last modification date: 7/10/2025