Chocolates Introducing the game : Chocolates is a four reel video slot featuring Chocolate Boxes that increase your ways to win. This means that every spin can produce up to 2,401 ways to win, and with Sticky Boxes in the Free Spins there are up to 65,536 ways to win. How to play : Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play : To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin : Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 4 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol wins : A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from the left most reel, except Scatter which pays any. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wilds: Regular Wilds and Golden Ticket Wilds substitute for every symbol except Scatter and Box. Wilds appear on Reels 2 to 4 only. A win is multiplied by 6 for each Golden Ticket Wild that substitutes in it. Boxes: Boxes open to reveal up to 4 Chocolate symbols. Each revealed Chocolate adds to the number of symbols on that reel. All Boxes in a spin will reveal the same Chocolate. Scatter: 3 or 4 Scatters in any position award 7 or 10 Free Spins, respectively. Scatter does not appear during the Free Spins. Free spins: All Boxes become Sticky Boxes during the Free Spins. One or more triggering Scatters turn into Sticky Boxes. Each reel with four Sticky Boxes awards an additional 3 Free Spins. Up to 12 extra Free Spins can be awarded in total. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information : The game has an RTP of 96.60%. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021