Cupids Arrow User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdiction. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you reload the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.79%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Incomplete games will be stored for a minimum of 15 minutes. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the incomplete game round. If a game is incomplete for longer than the stated time period, the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator Wins A winning play occurs when the balloon pops during the game round. 3 to 14 prizes are awarded on a winning play. Purple Wheel Bonus Feature The appearance of triggers the Purple Wheel Bonus. The player spins the Purple Wheel and is awarded either currency wins or 1 of 4 progressives. Red Wheel Bonus Feature The appearance of triggers the Red Wheel Bonus. The player spins the Red Wheel and is awarded either Free Games or 1 of 4 progressives. During Free Games, the player can trigger an additional spin of the Purple Wheel or Red Wheel if or appears, respectively. Free Games end when 0 Free Games remain or after 1000 Free Games have been played. Progressive Jackpots The Purple Wheel Bonus or Red Wheel Bonus must be accessed in order to have a chance of winning 1 of 4 Progressive Jackpots. The 4 Progressive Jackpots are: Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. If the Wheel stops on the Mini progressive, the value of the Mini progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Minor progressive, the value of the Minor progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Major progressive, the value of the Major progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Mega progressive, the value of the Mega progressive is won. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .40% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. .30% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .25% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .20% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini: $7.50 Minor: $12.50 Major: $30.00 Mega: $100.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values Last modification date: 5/23/2023