Chilli Prize Pots 1 Introduction Chilli Prize Pots is a 5x3, 20 win line slot featuring Free Spins. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 20 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except chillies and bonus symbols, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and chillies. The wild symbol appears on all reels during the base game and Free Spins. 4 Features 4.1 Prize Pots Landing 3 or more chillies in view awards a cash prize. The chilli symbol appears on all reels during the base game and Free Spins. 4.2 Free Spins Landing 3 bonus symbols in view during the base game awards the Free Spins bonus and 1x stake. The bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the base game and Free Spins. At the start of the Free Spins, a wheel is presented to the player. The player must press the SPIN button to spin the wheel, which determines the number of Free Spins and the multiplier awarded. The Free Spins and multiplier combinations available on the wheel are: 10 Free Spins with a x2 multiplier 12 Free Spins with a x2 multiplier 15 Free Spins with a x2 multiplier 20 Free Spins with a x2 multiplier 25 Free Spins with a x3 multiplier 30 Free Spins with a x3 multiplier During the Free Spins, all wins are multiplied by the multiplier, except for chilli wins. 4.3 Free Spins Retrigger Landing 3 bonus symbols in view during the Free Spins awards the number of Free Spins achieved from the wheel on the initial Free Spins entry and 1x stake multiplied by the current multiplier. During retrigger spins, the multiplier initially awarded from the wheel is retained. 4.4 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gipaltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great pitain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.98%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/1/2023