Crusader Game Description Crusader is an epic 5 reel, 4 row slot with 26 paylines. The rows may expand in the bonus game to a total of 12 rows and up to 98 paylines. Reel 1 and 5 are sticky wilds in in the bonus game. Let the Crusade begin! Key Features Function Value Lines 26-98 paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency 21.2 % Name Crusader Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected%. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Crusader is a 5 reel, 4 rows slot with up to 26 paylines. The rows may expand upwards to a total of 12 rows with up to 98 paylines. The game oﬀers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Crusader is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode. Normal mode is played with 5 reels and 4 rows. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Crusader symbol and the expansion symbol. The 1x4 Crusader symbol represents 4 1x1 wild symbols and appears on reels 1 and 5. A partial hit of the 1x4 Crusader symbol triggers respins. Each respin nudges the crusader symbol one step upwards or downwards per respin until it is in full view, and then the respins end. The respins continue in case a second 1x4 Crusader hits during an ongoing nudging. The Crusader in full view will stay sticky throughout the respins until the second nudging Crusader is also in full view. Two Crusaders in full view trigger 8 Free spins with Bonus mode. Bonus mode always starts at 4 rows. Reel 1 and 5 are fully covered by sticky wilds throughout the free spins bonus game. The expansion symbol appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 in Bonus mode. It triggers a one-row expansion of all reels upwards to a maximum of 12 rows. The expansion occur after the payout. Reels 1 and 5 become expanded with additional sticky wilds. Each expansion symbol awards an additional free spin. The maximum number of rows is 12 with 98 paylines. An achieved expansion level never decreases during an ongoing free spins bonus game. The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or Free spin. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Crusader is 96.1% The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020