Catch of the Day Respin 'Em In 1 Introduction Catch of the Day Respin ‘em In is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring a Catch of the Day Free Spin Bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Also look out for 3 or more Scatter symbols to trigger the Catch of the Day Free Spin Bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the preferred gamble setting which can be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatter, starting with the leftmost reel. The scatter win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind scatter feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatter. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the bonus game only. The fish symbols are mixed pays. 4 Catch of the Day Bonus Entry The scatter symbol appears on all reels in the base game only. 3 or more landing anywhere in view start the Catch of the Day Free Spins bonus. 5 Catch of the Day Free Spins Bonus During Free Spins when a fisherman and any fish land in view, after any respins are complete, the values shown on the fish are paid. If more than 1 fisherman lands, each fish value is awarded again for every fisherman in view. The values shown on all fish are multiplies of the base game stake. 6 Catch of the Day Free Spins Bonus Fisherman Trail During Free Spins, and after any respins, each fisherman in view advances the trail by 1. After reaching position 4, 8 and 12, the feature is retriggered with 10 more Free Spins and allows 1, 2 and 5 extra respins for each fisherman respectively. Any available respins are played before the fish values are paid. Fisherman and fish remain in view during a respin. The retriggered Free Spins are played after the previous set of Free Spins are complete. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded an plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by the ratio. 9 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the bonus feature. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 scatter symbols to land in view. Bonus Buy is purchased for 100x the current stake. Feature awards are determined by the current stake. 10 General Information 10.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 10.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/31/2023