Crown of Avalon Crown of Avalon is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Expanding wild reel during regular game and Free Spins with special expanding symbol and scatters. You play a fixed 10 lines per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. Winnings are calculated as the product of the multiplier shown in the paytable and Stake, divided by the number of win lines. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Symbols. Wild reel symbol during regular game: During regular game, when the Wild Symbol appears, it will appear on top position of any reel and expand covering the entire reel. More than 1 wild reel can appear on the reels at the same time. Wilds will not appear if they would overwrite a symbol they don't substitute for, or if them appearing would not result in a win. Features: All special (scatter) symbols substitute for any basic symbols and pay as the highest win on any winline. The Freespins Feature is achieved via Scatter symbols which do not need to be on winlines to activate the feature. During Freespins a Non Special Symbol is randomly selected by the Freespins Feature to become the Special Expanding Symbol. The Selected Symbol will appear during freespins with a border to clearly identify this as the Special Expanding Symbol. During Freespins getting enough Scatter Symbols, as described in the pay table, to trigger freespins will award additional freespins. After normal winlines are calculated any of the Special Expanding symbols that appear on the reels expand to cover their respective reel. If there are not enough Special Expanding Symbols to generate a win, as described in the pay table, then the Special Expanding animation will be skipped. The Special Expanding Symbol counts as a winline scatter and will pay if they appear anywhere along an active winline. During the Special Expanding Symbol expansion, special (scatter) symbols do not substitute for the Special Expanding Symbol. Settings: To access Spin Settings, click the Open Menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar.(Only for desktop) Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Invert controls, This toggles around the buttons to allow for user preference.(Only for mobile) Game History: To access Game History, click the Open Menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. You can review the game results from any of your past 100 games through this helpful interface. Bet Control: You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control. The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/10. Advanced Autoplay Options: To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol. On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round. On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player: The return to player for this game is 96.00 % The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information: The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 9/21/2020