Centurion Getting Started: Centurion is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There are multiple bonus games and reel modifiers. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, or a bonus feature. Set your bet Centurion has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus Feature Bonus feature wins are awarded for 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols appearing anywhere in view. There are four bonus games available to the player. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Reel Modifiers A Centurion may appear in the bottom right corner of the reels to award a reel modifier. This may either award 'Super Bonus Reels', 'Reelus Maximus', 5 of a kind wins or a Big Win. The Centurion may not always award a reel modifier. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Feature: When the Bonus is triggered you are presented with a feature wheel. The player must spin the wheel to select a feature. Note: The outcome of this wheel is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. The bonus games available on the wheel depend on the amount of BONUS symbols that initially landed on the reels. Three Bonus symbols anywhere in view will display Prizes on Parade, Road to Rome, Wild Power Spins and Caesars Free Spins on the wheel. Four Bonus symbols anywhere in view displays Road to Rome, Wild Power Spins and Caesars Free Spins on the wheel. Five Bonus symbols anywhere in view displays Road to Rome and Wild Power Spins on the wheel. Removing lesser features when a higher number of bonus symbols appear on the reels, increases the chances of a better bonus. Prizes on Parade This bonus game features three shields. Each shield contains a number of prizes as well as an arrow and at least one collect. The player must select the 'STOP' button to stop the dapple. Landing on a prize will add that to the running total in the top left corner. Landing on an arrow will progress to the next shield. Landing on a collect will end the feature with all culminated prizes. 'Collects' appear with a prize so the player will be awarded that prize and then leave the feature. All prizes are multiplied by the total bet. Caesars Free Spins Upon achieving the Freae Spins feature, the player is presented with two wheels. The player must spin each wheel to choose an amount of free spins to play and a multiplier for each win within free spins. The screen will then change to reveal the free spins screen. The number of spins remaining is shown below the reels. All winnings will be multiplied by the multiplier that was previously chosen on the wheel. Road to Rome The player is presented with a game board with a Centurion figure at the top. The objective of the feature is to roll the dice and move the Centurion around the board, accumulating prizes along the way. The player must select [ROLL] to roll the dice. The number of rolls remaining is displayed on the 'Roll' button. Extra Rolls will be awarded if the Centurion lands on a square with dice on it. This will award two extra rolls. Once a prize or extra rolls have been awarded, that square will turn into an arrow. If the player lands on the arrow, they will advance one square forward. The player has the opportunity to win big prizes by advancing to Rome. This can be done either by successfully navigating the Centurion to the end of the board or by landing on the 'Go to Rome' square in the middle. Upon advancing to Rome, a number of large prizes become available. A dapple will select one of these prizes at random to add to the running total for this feature. All prizes are multiplied by the total bet. Wild Power Spins This feature will award the player three 'Wild Power Spins'. During the first spin, the Centurion will drop down and place three wilds vertically down the 2nd reel. Any wins at this point will be added to the running total. During the second spin, the Centurion will drop down and place three wilds vertically down the 3rd reel. This will then add any more winnings to the running total. During the 3rd and final spin, the Centurion will drop down and place wilds on the 4th reel. Once the wins for the third spin have accumulated, the feature will end. Reel Modifiers: Reel modifiers are awarded when the Centurion blows his trumpet in the bottom right corner of the reel screen. There are four possible reel modifiers that occur randomly during a normal spin. Reelus Maximus A Colossal symbol will take up position anywhere on the reels. This will represent one symbol across 3 x 3 symbol positions on the reels. Super Bonus Reels An increased amount of Bonus symbols will appear for one spin, significantly increasing the chance of a bonus game entry. Big Win A big win is assured when the Centurion announces a 'Big Win'. This will ensure a large win composed of the high paying 'Centurion' symbol. 5 of a kind This will ensure at least one '5 of a kind' reel win will appear on the reels. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Centurion logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. The bonus games will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 12/6/2017