CandyBlasted RTP: 95.9% Volatility: 14.3- Very High Game Rules: This game is played using Clusterbucks evaluation. Winning combinations are defined as groups of matching symbols that are horizontally or vertically adjacent to one another. Only the highest paying combination for each group is paid per spin. All 100 reels are always in play. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. BASE GAME : When a winning combination is formed, before it is awarded, all symbols not in winning combinations disappear and new symbols appear in all empty symbol positions. If any additional symbols were added to a winning combination or if a new winning combination was formed as a result of the new symbols appearing, this process repeats. Symbols continue to disappear and appear until no additional symbols are added to any winning combination and no new winning combinations are formed. Winning combinations are awarded only after all disappearing and appearing has ceased. Stars or Multiplier Swirls appearing adjacent to a winning combination will transform into the same type of symbol forming that winning combination and joins that winning combination. If Stars or Multiplier Swirls appear adjacent to multiple winning combinations with two or more symbol types, they will transform into the first applicable type appearing on the following list: Pink Squares, Red Diamonds, Green Triangles, Orange Hexagons, Blue Circles, Green Circles, Purple Circles, Yellow Circles Multiplier Swirls appears with a multiplier value of x2, x3, x5, x7, or x10. A Multiplier Swirl that transforms and joins a winning combination will apply its multiplier value to the amount won from that winning combination when wins are awarded. If more than one Multiplier Swirl transforms and joins a given winning combination, then the sum of their multiplier values will apply to the amount won from that winning combination when wins are awarded. A Star that transforms and joins a winning combination is also collected. 3 or more collected Stars awards the Free Games Bonus after other wins are awarded. When symbols stop disappearing and appearing as a result of the Racking Up Riches feature because no additional symbols were added to any winning combination and no new winning combinations were formed, if there is exactly one winning combination present there is a random chance that the magnet feature will activate. When the magnet feature activates, all symbols on the screen of the type matching the current winning combination that are not currently part of that winning combination are moved to be part of that winning combination. If symbols are added to a winning combination as a result of the magnet feature, the Racking Up Riches feature continues, all symbols not in winning combinations disappear, and new symbols appear in all empty symbol positions. The magnet feature can activate only once per bet. Free Games: During the Base Game, 3 or more collected Stars awards the Free Games Bonus. 3 collected Stars awards 5 Free Games. 4 collected Stars awards 10 Free Games. 5 or more collected Stars awards 20 Free Games. At the start of each free game a group of 5, 6, or 9 adjacent, matching symbols of a randomly selected type is placed in a random position on the reels, before other symbols appear. Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free Games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/12/2022