Captain Cashfall Introduction Captain Cashfall is a standard 5-reel slot game with 20 winlines. There are three scatter features, three personal progressive trails and three community progressive pots. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. During any spin a Wild symbol appearing on the middle reel will expand covering that entire reel if there is a win. How to Play Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching some 2 of a kind symbols but always for 3, 4 or 5 of-a-kind symbols. Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the left of the screen. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meters. Features Scatter Feature 1 - Fish Wife Free Spins: ​ Free Spins are triggered by acquiring 3 bonus scatter symbols on any reel position. When Free Spins are triggered the player can win either; 3 symbols = 10 spins, 4 symbols = 20 spins, 5 symbols = 30 spins. During the Free Spins, there are two locked Wild symbols, in the middle position on reel 2 and reel 4. If the Wild symbol lands on reel 3, it will expand as in the main game. More Free Spins can be won within Free Spins, adding to the remaining Free Spins count. Therefore, an infinite number of Free Spins are possible. Only the feature entry amount of Free Spins are awarded on a retrigger. All other features are available to be won during Free Spins, including the cashpots. This would only happen if a Lobster Pot Shot scatter bonus is triggered from Free Spins, and a cashpot is won. During Free Spins the cashpots will not be incremented. Scatter Feature 2 - Sea Dog’s Super Slot : This symbol only occurs on reels 2,3​ and 4. Only one will be in view on each reel. Three symbols in view will award a number of spins on a mini-slot machine. The player is presented with with pick me choice and can win either 3, 5 or 10 spins. A mini-slot machine then appears, which has three reels and each has a window of three, with 1 centre winline available to win on. Only 3X matching same coloured fish symbols win. The countdown of spins is shown on a meter. With each spin the player pays win an accumulating multiplier which should be shown in a total meter. Combination Multiplier 3 X Red 50 3 X Blue 25 3 X Green 5 Any x1 Red & x1 Blue & x1 Green 1 Scatter Feature 3 - Lobster Pot Shot : This symbol only occurs on reels 1,3 and​ 5. Only one will be in view on each reel. Three symbols in view will award a chance to win one of the three cashpots. This feature provides the player with the opportunity to win one of the three progressive cashpots and/or a cash prize. The player is presented with a closed chest and presses the chest to cause it to be kicked and open. Inside the chest there will be one of five things. Red lobster, Yellow lobster, Blue lobster, Cash and a STOP. Each coloured lobster is added into the 3 stage counter associated with one of the three pots (the value of which is displayed). The player will continue to open the chest until one of the following occurs: The player fills all three lobsters of a particular colour. The player wins the associated pot and any cash accrued. The player reveals a STOP and the player wins any cash that has been accrued. Personal Progressive Trails: Each trail is associated with a colour and a particular reel​ symbol. One or more instance of each of these three symbols will be backed by the associated colour. The fish symbol is backed by a yellow block (and accumulates to the Fish Bar trail). The wheel symbol is backed by a blue block (and accumulates to the Ship’s Wheel trail). The fishing reel symbol is backed by a red block (and accumulates to the Fishing Reel trail). After each spin, any of these colour backed symbols will increment the associated trail by one section. An average stake meter is attached to each of the 3 trails individually. This will be used as a multiplier when the a feature is awarded. The average will be updated on a spin by spin basis. In the cases where there is an overspill of trail increments, these will carry – but in all cases the average stake meter will reset to zero after it is used as a multiplier. Personal Progressive Feature 1 - Fish Bar: A moving conveyor belt with fish of various​ sizes traveling right to left across the screen. There are up to 5 rounds, indicated by the menu on the left of the screen. The fish increase in size and worth as the player moves up the menu. Each round, the fish (each of the same size) may be pressed to reveal either a stake multiplier value or a STOP. A meter will increment with the accumulation of multipliers achieved. If X2 is achieved on the first pick, and X3 on the second, the accumulator will show X5. All multipliers are X ‘average stake’ Personal Progressive Feature 2 - Captain’s Wheel: A ship’s wheel with stake multiplier​ values and STOP positions. With each press of the button the wheel will spin left or right via a sweep, the wheel will spin fast then gradually slow with the pointer indicating either a multiplier or a STOP. A meter will increment with the accumulation of multipliers achieved. If X2 is achieved on the first spin, and X3 on the second, the accumulator will show X5. The wheel contains 22 coloured segments. Initially there will be no STOP positions. With each multiplier achieved, one or more STOPS may be added. STOPS will be added to replace lowest value multipliers first. The feature will pay as soon as the wheel lands on a STOP. All multipliers are X ‘average stake’. Personal Progressive Feature 3 - Reel ‘Em In: Captain Cashfall is fishing off a pier. With​ each press of the button, the captain will fish out either a fish or a STOP object. With each fish the scale will increment until a STOP object is revealed. The column scale will show a progression of eleven stake multiplier values. All multipliers are X ‘average stake’. Button Pressing the rotating arrow icon, above the ‘Stake’ buttons, will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the auto plays adjuster. Pressing the ‘menu’ button icon, on the left-hand side above the auto plays button, will open the information from which the player can access the paytable information. The player can press the arrows back and forth to access all other game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will exit the information and return the player to the main game interface.​ Accessing the ‘cog’ will allow the player access to toggle the sounds on/off and, on compatible devices, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons above and below the ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's total stake on each spin. Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from left to right, right to left and center on each winline. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. Progressive Cashpots ● Progressive Cashpots: ​There are three progressive cashpots which are labelled Bronze, Silver and Gold. During each spin a proportion of the money staked is added to each cashpot. Each pot will also have a base re-seed value. The cashpot seeded values are as follows: Bronze Progressive Cashpot: ​seeded at £500 Silver Progressive Cashpot: ​seeded at £2,000 Gold Progressive Cashpot: ​seeded at £10,000 ● Each winning progressive will be delivered via the Lobster Pot Shot scatter bonus. ● The progressive cashpots consists of a fixed minimum amount which gradually increases by a percentage of funds inputted into the game until it is won. When a cashpot is won, it is reset to the seed amount and begins to rise again. ● The progressive cashpots are available in "Real Play" only. ● Winning a progressive cashpot neither contributes to, or is affected by, the daily cumulative winnings limit. ● All players contribute a percentage of each bet placed to the progressive on every game. Bronze Silver Gold Percentage of Stake 0.4% 0.6% 1% ● All players are eligible to win the progressive cashpot on every game. ● It is not possible for two players to simultaneously win the cashpot. The cashpot is locked when it is being won. This means that no other bets will be accepted for it and only one player at a time is able to win it. ● In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a draw, the game will repeat the incomplete draw and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. ● In the event of equipment failure or planned/unplanned terminations, progressive cashpot parameters, (including cashpot values and incremental percentages), are fully restored with identical parameters, after re-start. ● System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Recovery ● In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. ● Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. General Information ● This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 94.86%. ● The maximum payout in one spin in this game is 250,000.00. ● System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. ● Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. Copyright ● © Copyright 2017 CORE Gaming Limited – All rights reserved. ● Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 12/6/2017