Mighty Monkey Coin Combo Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. REEL WAYS™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Winning pays per symbol. WILDS The Village symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except for the ELEMENT COIN symbols. The symbol appears on base game reels 2, 3, and 4. ELEMENT COINS Each ELEMENT COIN that lands during the base game will fly into the corresponding-colored bowl. Any ELEMENT COIN may trigger the corresponding bowl. More than one bowl can be triggered on a single spin. If bowl(s) are triggered the corresponding feature will start. The accumulation of ELEMENT COINS over time in the RED, GREEN, and BLUE bowls have no effect on triggering the JACKPOT FEATURE or MONKEY FEATURE. JACKPOT FEATURE Any red ELEMENT COIN landing in the RED bowl may trigger the JACKPOT FEATURE. 15 coins will be presented, coins are revealed by clicking on them. Coins will reveal FU BABY™ symbols or the UPGRADE symbol. Once 3 matching FU BABY™ symbols have been revealed, the corresponding JACKPOT is awarded. If 3 UPGRADE symbols are revealed before a JACKPOT is awarded, the JACKPOT won is upgraded to the next level. If Grand is awarded, it will be awarded twice. The feature ends when one JACKPOT is awarded to the player. MONKEY FEATURE If Mighty Feature, Mega Feature, Super Feature, Ultra Feature, Supreme Feature, or Ultimate Feature is triggered, then the Monkey Feature is triggered. If the Monkey Feature was triggered from the Mighty Feature or the Ultra Feature, the grid will be 5x3 and 3 spins are awarded. Additionally, 6 normal Coins will be placed on random positions at the start of the feature. If the Monkey Feature was triggered from the Mega Feature or the Supreme Feature, the grid will be 5x4 and 3 spins are awarded. Additionally, 8 Normal Coins will be placed on random positions at the start of the feature. If the Monkey Feature was triggered from the Super Feature or the Ultimate Feature, the grid will be 5x5 and 3 spins are awarded. Additionally, 10 Normal Coins will be placed on random positions at the start of the feature. Normal Coins and Green Coins only appears during the Monkey Feature. All Normal Coins appearing on screen are held for the remainder of the feature. Positions containing a held Normal Coin will display a credit prize of 0.40 – 100.00 based on the current bet. If the Monkey Feature was triggered from the Ultra Feature, Supreme Feature, or Ultimate Feature, then Mini or Minor may be displayed instead of a credit prize. During each Monkey Feature spin, any Green Coin that lands on screen will award the sum of the awards displayed on all Normal Coin and the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. Green Coins are evaluated when they land on screen. If multiple Green Coins land on screen, they are evaluated one at a time. Before a Green Coin is evaluated, all previously evaluated Green Coins will transform into Normal Coins. Remaining spins will be played only if there are positions that do not contain Normal Coins nor Green Coins. If all positions are held, the value displayed in the GRAND jackpot meter is awarded. An alternate set of reels is used during the Monkey Feature. All symbols appearing on the reels except for Normal Coins and Green Coins are grayed out and not evaluated. The distribution of prizes changes with bet option. Credit prizes appearing on screen are awarded as shown. RED MYSTERY ENVELOPE BONUS During the base game, the Red Mystery Envelope Bonus may be triggered at random. You will be shown a cash prize on top of the red envelope. The win from this bonus is 38.88 based on the current bet value. After the prize is awarded, the game will continue as normal." BUY PASS™ BUY PASS™ allows direct access to the Monkey Feature. BUY PASS™ cannot be activated during the Monkey Feature. TURBO MODE Turn on Turbo Mode to speed up each win. It can be turned off at any point during the game. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. When the JACKPOT FEATURE or MONKEY FEATURE is active, Turbo Mode will automatically be disabled. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/13/2023