Crowning Glory Crowning Glory is a 5-reel slot game with giant symbols. The game has 20 pay lines which are active at all times. Wins are awarded for 3, 4 and 5 of a kind symbols from left-to-right. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.41%. Giant symbols that are included in a winning combination will change to show smaller symbols. For example, a 3x3 giant symbol will change to show 9 individual symbols. Royal Reels Bonus When a bet is placed and the game starts, at random the Royal Reels Bonus may be triggered. A 10-position wheel is displayed; press SPIN to spin the wheel, or wait a few seconds for the wheel to automatically spin. When the wheel has stopped, the highlighted symbol is transferred to the reels and placed in 5 positions on a pay line. The reels then stop, and wins are paid. If the wheel shows a BONUS symbol, the Free Games Bonus is started with 12 free games. Free Spins Bonus When 3 BONUS symbols are displayed on reels 1, 3 and 5, the Free Spins Bonus is triggered. Twelve free spins are awarded plus 1 extra free spin for each additional BONUS symbol visible. GAME RULES Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line Highest win only on each selected payline, beginning from the left most reel Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol Coinciding wins are added All wins occur from left to right on selected paylines only except BONUS which pays any Malfunction voids all pays and plays AUTOPLAY SETTINGS (IF AVAILABLE) NUMBER OF SPINS: Select the number of spins to auto-play. LOSS LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if your losses equal or exceed this amount, autoplay will be stopped SINGLE WIN LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if a win in any one spin equals or exceeds this amount, autoplay will be stopped. How to Play 1: Choose your bet by pressing the INCREASE BET or REDUCE BET buttons 2: Press the SPIN button MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) STOP AUTOPLAY: Cancels autoplay (if available) INCREASE BET/REDUCE BET: Adjusts the BET SKIP: Stops the display of wins SETTINGS: Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about and back options MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. Available on the game screen HAND: Moves the game buttons left or right SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: CASHIER: Accesses the casino’s cashier area INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME: Accesses casino menu BACK: Returns to game ABOUT: Displays game version information The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: The value of the bet Winnings: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 5/16/2018