Charmstones RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 12.0 - HIGH GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Any combination of 3 or more Wilds 1 through 3 and Special Symbols 1 through 3 counts as a win. Wilds 1 through 3 and Special Symbols 1 through 3 are wild and substitute for all other symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol. Wilds 1 through 3 appear only as a result of the Lasting Loot Activated Wilds feature. Special Symbols 1 through 3 appear only on reel 5. Special Symbols 1 through 3 in any position on reel 5 initiates the Lasting Loot Activated Wilds feature. Special Symbol 1 transforms all Mid Pay 1 Symbols appearing on the reels to Wild 1 Symbols for the current and next 3 spins. Special Symbol 1 replaces all Special Symbol 1 on reel 5 with Mid Pay 1 Symbols for the next 3 spins. Special Symbol 2 transforms all Mid Pay 2 Symbols appearing on the reels to Wild 2 Symbols for the current and next 3 spins. Special Symbol 2 replaces all Special Symbol 2 on reel 5 with Mid Pay 2 Symbols for the next 3 spins. Special Symbol 3 transforms all Mid Pay 3 Symbols appearing on the reels to Wild Symbol 3 for the current and next 3 spins. Special Symbol 3 replaces all Special Symbol 3 on reel 5 with Mid Pay 3 Symbols for the next 3 spins. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, 3 Free Games Bonus Symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Bonus Symbols is a scatter symbol. Any combination of 3 or more Free Games Wild Symbols 1 through 3 counts as a win. Free Games Wild Symbols 1 through 3 are wild and substitute for all symbols. Free Games Wild Symbols 1 through 3 appear only as a result of the Lasting Loot Activated Wilds Feature. After 1 free game, all Free Games Mid Pay 3 Symbols appearing on the reels transform into Free Games Wild 3 Symbols for the remainder of the free games. After 3 free games, all Free Games Mid Pay 2 Symbols appearing on the reels transform into Free Games Wild 2 Symbols for the remainder of the free games. After 5 free games, all Free Games Mid Pay 1 Symbols appearing on the reels transform into Free Games Wild 1 Symbols for the remainder of the free games. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 5/4/2022