Crystal Vault Crystal Vault Crystal Vault is a Bet 30, 25-line 3x5 Reel slot game with Bonus Respins at a possible of 75-line 3 – 3x5 Reel slot games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.02% with any bet. Game Rules Rules 30 Coins plays 25 lines. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Bonus Respin 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER triggers 8 Bonus Respins. Any 2 SCATTER during Bonus Respins reset respins to 8 and unlocks additional Reel Screens, up to a maximum of 3. Wild multiplier 2x unlocks on Reel Screen 2 upon first retrigger. Wild multiplier 2x remains unlocked for Reel Screen 1 and 2 for the remaining respins. Wild multiplier 3x unlocks on Reel Screen 3 upon second retrigger. Wild multiplier 3x remains unlocked for Reel Screen 1, 2 and 3 for the remaining respins. Wins with Wild multiplied up to 27x! Bonus Respins are played at the triggering lines and bet. All wins on all Reel Screens during Bonus Respins are added to Win meter. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance : Displays your total balance Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : Displays the total wager staked Total Win : Displays the accumulated wins during Bonus Respin. Bonus Respins : Displays the number of respins left to play. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Bonus Respin button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 2/14/2023