Chief Getting started: Chief! is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. It features four bonus features, a Bonus Entry Round and three reel bonuses. Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, a reel bonus or one of four bonus features. How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, a reel bonus or one of four bonus features. Set your bet Chief! has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. Bonus Entry Round The Bonus Entry Round is entered automatically if at least 3 Bonus symbols land in view on reels 1-5. Reel Bonuses Reel bonuses can be triggered at random during standard reel spins. Reel bonuses are not available during the bonus features. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the base game will substitute for all symbols except the Bonus. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. AUTOPLAY: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the available options. You must set the number of autoplay games to play and your custom loss limit before you have the option of starting autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before auto play are stopped. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, auto plays will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of auto play games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Features: Bonus Entry Round The Bonus Entry Round is entered if at least three, four or five Bonus symbols land in view. The bonus features available during this round are dependent on how many Bonus symbols were awarded: Three Bonus symbols: Buffalo Bucks x 2 / Buffalo Drops x 2 / Buffalo Spins / Buffalo Spins Boosted. Four Bonus symbols: Buffalo Bucks x 2 / Buffalo Drops / Buffalo Spins x 2 / Buffalo Spins Boosted. Five Bonus symbols: Buffalo Spins Boosted x 4 / Buffalo Spins x 2. Buffalo Bucks Buffalo Bucks is a cash ladder bonus feature that allows the player to climb a step of the ladder each time an item is successfully added to the buffalo’s back. The ladder contains multiple safe zones that provide a guaranteed win value if the buffalo bucks. If the buffalo bucks outside of a safe zone, the last awarded safe zone value is awarded and the feature is complete. The player has the option to collect a win value outside of any safe zones. The optimal strategy is to always continue. Buffalo Drops The aim of this feature is to have the buffaloes cross the two levels of bridges and reach the other side. At each level, the player places the buffalo on a bridge, and press start to see which bridges drop while the buffalo cross. The buffaloes cannot be placed on the same bridge. If at least one buffalo survives the level, a prize is awarded. If two buffalo survive both levels, a bonus prize is awarded. Buffalo Spins Buffalo Spins is a Free Spins bonus feature that offers the player the choice between three Buffalo Spin amounts, each offering different multiplier values. The player can choose one of three options which contain a number of free spins and wild multipliers. Throughout Buffalo Spins an enhanced Wild symbol will be available on all reels, adding a multiplier to any win lines that it falls on. If multiple Wild symbols form part of a winning combination, the multiplier will be increased. If ever the Buffalo Spins ends without a win line, a consolation prize is awarded. Boosted Buffalo Spins Boosted Buffalo Spins awards the player the maximum amount of Buffalo Spins from the standard Buffalo Spins bonus feature, as well as the highest multiplier values. Throughout Boosted Buffalo Spins an enhanced Wild symbol will be available on all reels, adding a multiplier to any win lines that it falls on. If multiple Wild symbols form part of a winning combination, the multiplier will be increased. If ever the Boosted Buffalo Spins ends without a win line, a consolation prize is awarded. Reel Bonuses Bonus Nudge Reel Bonus If at least two Bonus symbols land in view and up to three Bonus symbols are partially viewable outside of the qualifying reel area, the Bonus Nudge reel bonus can trigger, knocking up to three Bonus symbols into view. Wild Winner If the Wild Winner reel bonus is triggered, Chief adds multiple Wild symbols to the reels to produce a winning combination. Big Win If the Big win reel bonus is triggered, a win of at least 20x the active stake is awarded. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 2, 3, 4 or 5 Wild symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Chief! logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. The RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 4/5/2018