Cyberslot Megacluster Introducing the game Cyberslot Megaclusters™is a symbolmatching game featuring Big Time Gaming's unique MEGACLUSTERS™ mechanic. Each base game spin begins with 3 rows and 3 columns, while each free spin begins with 9 rows and 9 columns. Winning symbols split and react, allowing up to 321 symbols to occur during the Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 3 reels will spin and then come to a stop, displaying the result. Megaclusters™ A MEGACLUSTERS™ game is a symbol matching game where winning symbols split and react. Cyberslot Megaclusters™ is a symbol matching game featuring Big Time Gaming's unique MEGACLUSTERS™ mechanic. Each base game spin begins with 3 rows and 3 columns, while each free spin begins with 9 rows and 9 columns. Every spin in the Base Game, one position is chosen at random to display nine smaller symbols. When wins occur, each winning symbol is replaced by nine smaller symbols in the Base Game and four smaller symbols in the Free Spins. When wins occur with these smaller symbols, symbols of the same size above them collapse downwards and new symbols drop in from the top of the screen to fill available positions on the board. Reactions continue until there are no more wins. Reactions occur after all coinciding wins have been paid. Symbol Wins Wins consist of 5 or more matching symbols of any size, horizontally or vertically adjacent. Highest win paid per winning cluster. Payouts are multiplied by stake. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wilds Regular Wilds substitute for all symbols except Roaming Wilds. Roaming Wilds substitute for all symbols. The Golden Roaming Wild is always present. The Rainbow Roaming Wild is awarded on the ﬁrst Free Spins retrigger. Wilds substitute for adjacent symbols only and do not pay in clusters. Roaming Wild Multiplier Each Roaming Wild Multiplier starts at x1 and increments by 1 whenever the Roaming Wild substitutes in a win during the first reaction and every second reaction thereafter. Roaming Wild Multipliers increment before any wins are paid. Roaming Wild Multipliers reset at the end of each spin unless the Free Spins is triggered. Roaming Wild Movement Roaming Wilds move to one of the 9 onscreen positions after each win in the Base Game and one of the 81 onscreen positions in the Free Spins. When Roaming Wilds move to a new position, they are replaced by 9 new symbols in the Base Game and 4 new symbols in the Free Spins. Free Spins When 12 or more reactions occur in the Base Game, the Free Spins Feature is triggered and 6 Free Spins are awarded. The Roaming Wild Multiplier carries over from the triggering spin into the Free Spins. Every time the Golden Roaming Wild Multiplier reaches a multiple of 10, an additional 2 Free Spins are awarded. The first retrigger also adds the Rainbow Roaming Wild for the remainder of the Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.36%. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021