Clue Mightyways How to play: The game consists of 6 main reels. When there are one or more winning combinations, the winning symbols cascade, then the new symbols take their place and the trail increases by 1. For each symbol that is part of a gain line, the associated roll will increase in height by 1 per symbol in each waterfall. Each roll can reach a maximum height of 8 and can grant a total of 262,144 MIGHTY WAYS™ to win! The number of throwing possibilities is displayed below the coil set. Winnings are calculated before the cascade of the winning symbols. The new winning combinations will be evaluated as soon as the new symbols fill the reels. The total value of the launch is assigned when there are no more stunts.At the beginning of each new game, the tracking and number of possibilities are reset in the starting position. malfunction voids all pays and play. JOKER JOKER symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. JOKER symbols replace all other symbols except CLUE cards and™ magnifying glass. JOKER symbols can replace multiple symbols and win for every win they are involved in. TRAIL 5 MODIFICADORES The rail has 9 segments. Each winning waterfall will increase the trail by one step. Once in segment 5, a random modifier is activated. Once in segment 7 or higher, the bonus game is activated.The trail is only available in the base game. The maximum number of stunts in the base game is 9. The back stop is reproved at the beginning of each new paid posting. PASSING SECRET The Secret Passage can be triggered by reaching segment 5 on the rail. The Secret Pass allows you to enter the Bonus, Super Bon us or Mega Bonus game directly. MYSTERIOUS SYMBOLS Mysterious symbols can be triggered by reaching segment 5 on the rail. Mysterious symbols randomly select up to 8 symbols from the coil set. It will replace these symbols with a randomly selected symbol. MULTIPLIER Multipliers can be triggered by reaching segment 5 on the rail. Multipliers randomly select a multiplier from the following: 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x. The multiplier is applied to gains obtained in subsequent cascades. Multipliers are reset to 1 if the Bonus is triggered and on new reels. RANDOM JOKERS Random jokers can be triggered by reaching segment 5 on the rail. 2 to 5 random JOKERS will be added to random positions on the reel plate. Random jokers can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. ROLO JOKER JOKERS rollers can be driven by reaching segment 5 on the rail. JOKERS reels randomly select a reel and turn it into a JOKER reel. JOKERS rollers can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. REMOVING THE SYMBOL The elimination of the symbol can be triggered by reaching segment 5 on the rail. Removing symbols removes all Queens, Jacks, ten and Nine from your board. Removed symbols explode and new symbols take their place. No other Queen, Jacks, Ten and Nine can appear during subsequent stunts. The new winning combinations will be evaluated as soon as the new symbols fill the reels. Removed symbols are reapplied to the reel set if the Bonus is triggered and during a new release. REPLACEMENT GRID The grid reset can be triggered by reaching segment 5 on the rail. Grid Reset removes all symbols from the launch card and applies a new release based on the current number of MIGHTY WAYS. ™ FREE SPINS Once in segment 7 or more on the trail, the bonus game is activated. The initial number of free spins is determined by the table below. Segment Name Book Throws 7 BONUS 5 8 SUPER BONUS 6 9 MEGA BONUS 7 MAP SELECTION The selected cards will reveal one of the following modifiers. EXTRA SPINS - Grant +1, +2, +3, +5, +8 or +10 free spins at the start of the Bonus. MULTIPLIERS - Grants a 2x multiplier on all winnings (with the exception of CASH PRIZES). PRIZE MONEY – Award an instant cash prize of 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 50x or 100x. REMOVE TEN AND NINE - ten and nine are removed from the reel set for the duration of the bonus. EXTENSIBLE JOKERS – Any visible JOKER will expand to fill the entire roll. ADDITIONAL OPPORTUNITIES - Increases the number of opportunities initially to 14,000. LAUNCH RESETS - Restarts the number of free reels. The selected cards are then used to award fixed prizes in the free round. STOPWATCH SYMBOL When the RESET THROWS modifier is active, a STOPWATCH symbol is added to roll 6. Each time this symbol appears, the number of free spins is reset to zero. MAP SELECTION During bonus play, between one and three CLUE cards™ can appear on the reel card. The letters turn to reveal a suspect, location or random weapon. If these cards match the cards selected on the Card Selection screen, a fixed price is assigned. Fixed prices are indicated in the table below. Number of good cards Number of good cards 1 x5 2 x50 3 x2000 If the cards do not match, the player will receive 1 additional Free Throw per incorrect game. Free spins are played with the same total bet, winnings and winning combinations as in the base game that triggered the bonus. The free spin game ends when there are no more laps. BUY PASS™ The BUY PASS option™ gives you direct access to the "Trail modifier 5" or the bonus game. All options are played at the selected bet level when the BUY PASS option has™ been triggered. No trigger winnings are awarded when "Trail Modifier 5" or bonus game is triggered by BUY PASS. ™ The cost of the BUY PASS option™ is shown in the table below. Trail 5 modificadores Segment 7 Segment 8 Segment 9 x33,5 x76 x90 x104 Last modification date: 1/24/2023