Casino Stud How To Play The game utilises a standard deck of 52 cards which is re-shuffled between each hand. The Player must place a bet in the ANTE bet area on the table. The 5+1 BONUS bet is optional. This bet can only be placed after making an ANTE bet and before the cards are dealt. Five cards are then dealt face up to the Player. The House is dealt five cards (one face up and four face down). The player then has the choice whether to make the PLAY bet or FOLD. If the Player chooses to FOLD, the game round will end and the ANTE bet will be forfeited. The PLAY bet is equal to x2 the ANTE bet. If the player makes the PLAY bet, then the House's cards are revealed and the hands are compared. The House must have at least an A-K high card hand to qualify. This is defined as an A-High card hand, with a K as the next highest card. Payouts If the House does not qualify, the ANTE bet pays 1 to 1, and the PLAY bet pushes. If the House beats the Player, and the House qualifies, both the ANTE and PLAY bets are lost. If the Player ties with the House, and the House qualifies, both the ANTE and PLAY bets are pushed. If the Player beats the House, and the House qualifies, the ANTE bet will pay 1:1, and the PLAY bet will pay according to the paytable. When a bet is pushed, it is returned to the Player with no additional winnings. 5+1 BONUS The 5+1 BONUS is an optional bet which has alternative payouts to the standard game. Pays are evaluated at the end of the game round. The 5+1 Bonus bet will be assessed regardless of whether the House's hand qualifies. This bet takes into account the Player’s five cards and the House’s up card only. If the Player chooses to FOLD during the game round, the 5+1 Bonus bet will not be affected. The best 5-card hand that can be made from the six cards will be compared against the paytable. Hand Rankings In Casino Stud, 5-card hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows: Royal Flush (contains the following cards of the same suit: A, K, Q, J, 10) Straight Flush (contains five cards in sequential value and of the same suit) Four of a Kind (contains four cards of the same value) Full House (contains three matching cards of one value and two matching cards of another value) Flush (contains five cards of the same suit) Straight (contains five cards of sequential value in at least two different suits) Three of a Kind (contains three cards of the same value) Two Pair (contains two cards of the same value, plus two more of another matching value) Pair (contains two cards of the same value) High Card (contains a single card which has the highest value of all cards in the hand) For all hand rankings, note that the value of a card ascends sequentially from 2-10, and then according to the following: J Q K A When evaluating a hand, only the highest possible rank within the Player's cards is considered (while a Straight Flush contains both a Straight and a Flush, it is calculated solely as a Straight Flush). A is high except in 5-4-3-2-A sequence. LEGAL NOTICES Limits: The maximum bet for the ANTE bet is: N/A The maximum bet for the 5+1 BONUS bet is: N/A The maximum bet for the PLAY bet is: N/A The maximum win for the ANTE bet is: N/A The maximum win for the PLAY bet is: N/A The maximum win for the 5+1 BONUS bet is: N/A Any combination of wins in a single game will not exceed: N/A The chance of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Winnings from each hand are added together to form the total win when the pays are evaluated. Expected return: Casino Stud: 97.45 % 5+1 BONUS: 91.44 % This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. These values are based on the optimal strategy, as derived from the rules. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/31/2021