Chain Reactors Trails Place your bet, wait for the symbols to drop and watch out for that winning combination! Match five or more consecutive symbols connected either horizontally and/or vertically to win a cash payout. Payout values increase depending upon the payout value of the symbol and the number of matching symbols. But wait a minute, it doesn't end there. Symbols keep dropping until you stop winning. Chain Reactors Trails also provides three bonus feature games: · Bomb Trail · Fire Trail · Free Fall And don't forget that jackpot prizes could be coming your way too! Note · Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. Setting your stake amount Tap the STAKE button. Tap the arrow buttons, or drag the slider, to increases or decreases your stake amount. Tap OK . The stake value is clearly displayed on the STAKE button. Starting the game When you have selected a stake it is time to play. To start Chain Reactors tap the BET button. Symbols will then start dropping. Auto Play Auto play is a convenient way to play without having to tap the BET button to start each game. Each play starts automatically until something occurs that requires your intervention, a Free Falls round is started, the number of spins set expiries or you decide to stop auto play. To activate auto play, tap the AUTO PLAY button and select the number of plays. Auto plays will commence and the number of auto plays counts down and plays out. Tap the same AUTO PLAY (now STOP) button to stop auto play. Auto play is not available in jurisdictions where it is not permitted. How do you win? When the symbol drop is complete, several things may happen. To win you must match five, or more, consecutive symbols connected either horizontally or vertically. Five, or more, consecutive symbols connected either horizontally or vertically is known as a cluster . It is possible to get more than one cluster in a single game and payouts increase depending on the number of matching symbols you have. Also, the symbols have different payout values. When the symbol drop stops, any wins will react (that is, disappear). After a short period all symbols associated with a win will disappear, allowing symbols above to fall into the vacant spaces, potentially creating more wins from a single play. For example: Eight matching symbols. Symbols then disappear, creating vacant spaces. Symbols above drop into the vacant spaces. Further symbols then drop into the new vacant spaces. If more wins occur as a result of newly descended symbols, the above sequence is repeated. This process continues until your winning streak ends or you reach the maximum of 100 consecutive drops. Any winnings are displayed and added automatically to your balance. Examples of winning clusters: (Vertically and/or horizontally connected icons) Examples that are NOT clusters: (Diagonally connected icons) Bonus games Bomb Trail Every Bomb cluster (five or more Bomb symbols) lights up a level in the Bomb trail. Note that you only advance by a single level per game, regardless of the number of Bomb clusters obtained in a single game. The levels you have gained are carried over to the next game. When you light up ten levels the Bomb feature game is triggered. Bombs drop into the game and are caught by the symbols. Some symbols pass the bomb on to another character. The bombs explode and you are awarded cash prizes for the symbols that have exploded. The symbols that drop into the spaces do not contribute to the Free Falls. The payout value of the symbols that explode are multiplied by the average stake over the lifetime of the trail that triggers the bonus (and NOT the stake on the current game). The average stake is shown beneath the trail. This is the payout value and is credited to your account immediately. The symbol values are as follows: · Horny pays x 3 · Zoid pays x 2 · Sunny pays x 1 · Minty pays x 0.75 · Fire pays x 0.5 · Bomb pays x 0.3 · Spiky pays x 0.2 · Goldie pays x 0.1 Note: Reactions in Bomb Trail and Flame Trail do not contribute to ANY of the bonus features. Flame Trail Every Flame cluster (five or more Flame symbols) lights up a level in the Flame trail. Note that you only advance by a single level per game, regardless of the number of Flame clusters obtained in a single game. The levels you have gained are carried over to the next game. When you light up ten levels the Flame feature game is triggered. A dragon enters the game and moves around the game eating random symbols as it passed over them (in flames). 20 symbols are destroyed and you are awarded cash prizes for them. The symbols that drop into the spaces do not contribute to the Free Falls. The value of the symbols that disappear are multiplied by the average stake over the lifetime of the trail that triggers the bonus (and NOT the stake on the current game). The average stake is shown beneath the trail. This is the payout value and is credited to your account immediately. The symbol values are as follows: · Horny pays x 4 · Zoid pays x 2 · Sunny pays x 1.5 · Minty pays x 1 · Fire pays x 0.75 · Bomb pays x 0.4 · Spiky pays x 0.2 · Goldie pays x 0.1 Note: Reactions in Bomb Trail and Flame Trail do not contribute to ANY of the bonus features. Free Falls If you get seven or more clusters within a game, you trigger the Free Falls bonus game. Any accumulated winnings for free fall games are displayed clearly. Free Falls awards you 15 free plays. The reactions are not accumulated between games. During Free Falls: · A further 15 free rounds are given if seven or more clusters are achieved within any one of the free rounds. · The Bomb and Flame symbols are replaced by two exclusive free spin symbols(Cyclo and Brainy) and therefore Free Falls does not contribute to the Bomb and Flame Trails. · The maximum total number of free rounds in any single game is defined as 9999. Note: Reactions in Bomb Trail and Flame Trail do not contribute to ANY of the bonus features. Payouts and paytable A minimum of five consecutive symbols (either vertically or horizontally) is required to win a cash prize. Tap the PAYTABLE button to see the pay out multiplier values for each symbol. These payouts relate to multiplies of total stake. What is a progressive? A progressive is a jackpot that accumulates value, or progresses, as the game continues. The progressive Jackpot consists of a fixed minimum amount which gradually increases by a percentage of funds inputted into the game until it is won. The jackpot is triggered by 30 or more jackpot symbols (Goldie) within a single cluster. When the jackpot is won the prize fund is reset to its seed amount and the process starts again. Important points to note about Jackpots: · Jackpots are available for the real play version of Chain Reactors only. · A minimum stake amount of £0.20 (or amount set by the site operator) is required to qualify for inclusion in a jackpot game. Playing at a non-qualifying stake will only award the top multiplier of x5 for 30 or more jackpot symbols (Goldie). · The seed amount (or starting value for the jackpot) is £1000 (or amount set by the site operator). · Winning a progressive jackpot neither contributes to, nor is affected by the daily cumulative winnings limit. · Contributions to the jackpot come solely from the operator and are not taken from any bets placed by the player. · The contribution by the operator is 3.0% of the player's total stake. · It is not possible for two players to simultaneously win the jackpot. The jackpot is locked when it is being won. This means that no other bets will be accepted for it and only one player at a time is able to win it. · A jackpot cluster of 30 or more Goldie symbols can potentially be won multiple times if triggered in different spins within the Free Falls bonus. The first instance of the jackpot cluster will pay the progressive jackpot prize, and subsequent clusters of 30 or more Goldie symbols will pay the top multiplier of x5. · If the game is removed the outstanding jackpot pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot or retained by the operator. · In the event of equipment failure or planned/unplanned terminations, progressive jackpot parameters (including jackpot values and incremental percentages) are fully restored with identical parameters, after re-start. General information The theoretical average return to player is 95.08%, at the minimum qualifying stake for the progressive jackpot. The theoretical average return to player is 94.58%, at the maximum qualifying stake for the progressive jackpot. For stakes below the minimum qualifying progressive jackpot level, the theoretical average return to player is 91.58%. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. All currencies in the above are expressed in GBP. Please note that the amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. In the event of a game in Real play being interrupted (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser etc), any winnings will be correctly credited to the customer's account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. Please note that in some feature games the sequence and number of events leading to the display of the total award, may vary from the animation prior to game recovery. This will not affect the result of the game after the game has recovered. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. © Copyright 2013 OpenBet Technology Ltd. – All rights reserved Unauthorised copying of any images, icons, layout, or content by any means is not permitted. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020