Choco Reels SPECIAL FEATURES Increasing Ways with Multi Level Wins During the regular game, 12 positions in the corner of the reels are blocked and 2304 ways are available. After drawing a winning combination, 2 positions get unlocked and more winning combinations are activated. Symbols that created a winning combination are removed and new symbols appear on the reels. The Multi Level Wins effect can occur 6 times and then all positions are unlocked. The blocked corner positions can also be unlocked by the special symbol when a win doesn’t occur. Choco Spins Bonus Unlocking all 12 corner positions triggers Choco Spins Bonus, during which all 46656 ways are active. Choco Spins Bonus awards the player with 6 bonus spins. With each win, the Multiplier increases by 1. The winnings from Choco Spins Bonus accumulate until the end of the feature. Choco Spins Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated the bonus. FREE SPINS A draw of 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbols activates 10 Free Spins. The number of Free Spins can be increased by drawing the +3FS Symbol. During Free Spins, there are 46656 ways to win. The winnings from Free Spins accumulate until the end of the feature. During Free Spins, the Infinite Multiplier is active. After each win, the value of the Multiplier increases. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated them. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/12/2024