Dolphin Thunder Ways Dolphin Thunder Ways™ Welcome to Dolphin Thunder Ways™ Video Slot. It has 5 reels, 5 rows, and the following features: THUNDER WAYS THUNDER RESPINS The average theoretical return to player (RTP) is: 94.08% RULES WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS symbols. When 1 Wild lands, all wins are multiplied by 2x. When 2 Wilds land, all wins are multiplied by 4x. When 3 Wilds land, all wins are multiplied by 6x. Wild symbols will display 2x, 4x or 6x to show the current total multiplier. WILD appears on reels 3, 4, and 5 only. BONUS BONUS symbols anywhere triggers the Thunder Respins. BONUS appears on reels 3, 4, and 5 only. THUNDER RESPINS 3 BONUS symbols anywhere triggers Thunder Respins. 3 initial Respins are awarded. Reels 1 and 2 contain MULTIPLIERS. MULTIPLIERS can be 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x. Reels 3, 4 and 5 contain PRIZE symbols. Each PRIZE symbol displays a standard PRIZE or BONUS prize. Standard PRIZE symbol can be 1x, 1 1 ⁄ 3 x, 1 2 ⁄ 3 x or 3 1 ⁄ 3 x total bet. THUNDER BONUS prize is 1000x total bet. GRAND BONUS prize is 200x total bet. HOT BONUS prize is 20x total bet. MINI BONUS prize is 10x total bet. All BONUS prizes may land more than once per game round. An active row is created when 2 MULTIPLIERS appear adjacent to each other in reels 1 and 2. All standard PRIZE symbols that appear in the active row are multiplied by both MULTIPLIERS and awarded to the player. BONUS PRIZE symbols pay anywhere they land, they do not need to land in an active row. BONUS PRIZE symbols are not multiplied in an active row. Thunder Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Respins are reset to 3 when any PRIZE is collected. Respins are also reset to 3 if spins are used before more than 5x total bet has been awarded. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Prizes displayed over PRIZE symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Thunder Respins feature. Only MULTIPLIER, BONUS, and PRIZE symbols occur during Thunder Respins feature. THUNDER WAYS Any symbol that lands adjacent in reels 1 and 2 becomes an Active Symbol. All active symbols that land anywhere in reels 3, 4 and 5 are counted towards the active symbol total. The 2 active symbols from the reels 1 and 2 and all matching symbols in reels 3, 4, and 5 are added together for the total number of winning symbols. Minimum required for a winning combination is 3 symbols. Maximum winning combination for a single Active Symbol is 11 symbols. GAME RULES Select a total bet to play Thunder Ways. WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS symbols. When 1 Wild lands, all wins are multiplied by 2x. When 2 Wilds land, all wins are multiplied by 4x. When 3 Wilds land, all wins are multiplied by 6x. Coinciding wins are added. Highest win paid per winning combination. All wins are as shown in the paytable at selected bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Portrait: Landscape: Bet Buttons Adjusts the BET staked. (+) button raises your BET, (-) button lowers your BET. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Button during Spin Stops reel animation spin. Stop Button during Autoplay Stops the autoplay. Autoplay Meter (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Display the player's current autoplay remaining. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Music Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Sound Effects Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Last modification date: 6/18/2025