Davinci Creations RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 18- VERY HIGH GAME RULES This game is played between 4096 and 1,000,000 ways, depending on the Way Out Ways Feature. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME By default each reel consists of 4 symbol positions. Landing an UP Arrow or DOWN Arrow (that each may consist of a value of 1 to 3) on a reel will cause that reel to expand to include additional symbol positions on subsequent bets, up to a maximum of 3 additional symbol positions above the default symbol positions and 3 additional symbol positions below the default symbol positions. Activated reels expand to include one additional symbol position on each subsequent bet, up to a maximum of 7 symbol positions. Each subsequent bet will cause any expanded reels on which no winning ways combinations or further expansions occurred to shrink, removing 1 additional symbol position above the default symbol positions if able and 1 additional symbol position below the default symbol positions if able. Any UP and DOWN Arrow that lands may shift the positions of symbols on that reel. This shifting of symbol positions has no effect on the outcome of the game. All shifted WILD persisting into the next bet return to their original positions at the start of the next bet. Expanded reels are different from the default reels. When all 3 additional symbol positions have been added above or below a reel, a WILD is added to a random default symbol position on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 that does not already contain a WILD for the next three bets. All feature progress earned applies only at that total amount bet. Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Bonus Symbol. Wilds may appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 and only on the 4 default symbol positions of those reels. Wilds appear on the reels only as a result of a reel expanding to the topmost or bottommost symbol position. FREE GAMES 3 Bonus Symbols in the Base Game awards 18 spins. 4 Bonus Symbols in the Base Game awards 25 spins. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. 3 Bonus Symbols in the Free Games award an additional 2 spins. 4 Bonus Symbols in the Free Games award an additional 3 spins. Bonus Symbols appearing on Wilds have the functionality of triggering the bonus. Bonus Symbols are scatter symbols. Landing an UP Arrow or DOWN Arrow on a reel will cause that reel to expand to include additional symbol positions on each subsequent spin during the Free Games Bonus, up to a maximum of 3 additional symbol positions above the default symbol positions and 3 additional symbol positions below the default symbol positions. Any UP Arrow and DOWN Arrow that lands may shift the positions of symbols on that reel. This shifting of symbol positions has no effect on the outcome of the game. All shifted Wilds return to their original position at the start of the next spin. Expanded reels are different from the default reels. When all 3 additional symbol positions have been added above or below a reel, a Wild is added to a random default symbol position on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 that does not already contain a Wild for the remainder of the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 100 free games have been played. Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Bonus Symbol. Wilds may appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 and only on the 4 default symbol positions of those reels. Wilds appear on the reels only as a result of a reel expanding to the topmost or bottommost symbol position. Last modification date: 9/28/2021