Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Expanding wild reel during regular game, Free Spins Feature with Expanding shifting wild reel and Sticky Spreading Wild. You play a fixed 30 lines per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. Winnings are calculated as the product of the multiplier shown in the paytable and Stake, ided by the number of win lines. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Free Spin Symbols. WILD REEL SYMBOL during regular game During regular game, when the Wild Symbol appears on any top position of any reel, it will expand covering the entire reel. More than 1 wild reel can appear on the reels at the same time. Free Spins The number of Free Spin being awarded depends on the number of Free Spin symbols appearing on the reels. 3 symbols award 20 Free Spins 4 symbols award 30 Free Spins 5 symbols award 50 Free Spins Depending on the initial Free Spin game selection, (Police Badge or Dr. Jekyll Potion) different Wild symbols are displayed during the Free Spin game: Police Badge Sticky Spreading Wild The Police Badge symbol appears on any position on reels 2,3,4 and activates the Sticky Spreading Wild. The first sticky wild symbol’s position determines the direction of the wild spreading animation. After The Police Badge appears it will grow each spin until it covers 4 symbols then it will vanish for the next spin. Spreading animation starts vertically and moves horizontally towards the center. More than 1 sticky wild symbol can appear on the reels at the same time. Sticky Spreading wilds on reel 3 can spread randomly to reel 2 or reel 4. Any active sticky wild will not persist past the end of Free Spins. Dr. Jekyll's Potion Expanding shifting wild reel The Dr. Jekyll's Potion wild symbol appears on the top of reels 2,3,4 and expands covering the entire reel. Each spin, the wild reel will shift leftwards until it reaches the first reel, after which it disappears. More than one wild reel can be displayed at the same time. Any active wild reel will not persist past the end of Free Spins. Settings To access Spin Settings, click the Open Menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar.(Only for desktop) Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Invert controls, This toggles around the buttons to allow for user preference.(Only for mobile) Game History To access Game History, click the Open Menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. You can review the game results from any of your past 100 games through this helpful interface. Bet Control You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control . The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/30. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol. On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round. On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player The return to player for this game is 95.60 % Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last updated 19/02/2020. Button Descriptions Autoplay Button Autoplay Start Button Autoplay Stop Button Bet Control Close Menu Open Menu Close Help Help Button Mute Sound Unmute Sound Spin Button Stop Button View help guide and controls View symbol payouts View winning combinations View previous bet details View in-game settings The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020