Diamonds Sapphires and Rubies To calculate the total win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left most reel. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of winning symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 1symbol, the second reel 2 symbols and the third reel 3 symbols, the total multiplier is: 1 x 2 x 3 = 6. Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the win display and then credited to the appropriate balance. All ways are active at all times. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.21%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Incomplete games will be stored for a minimum of 15 minutes. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the incomplete game round. If a game is incomplete for longer than the stated time period, the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator Sapphire Wheel Bonus Feature The appearance of 3, 4 or 5 positioned anywhere in view on the reels triggers the Sapphire Wheel Bonus: 3 triggers 1 spin of the Sapphire Wheel. 4 triggers 2 spins of the Sapphire Wheel. 5 triggers 3 spins of the Sapphire Wheel. The player spins the Wheel and is awarded either currency wins or 1 of 4 progressives. can appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Ruby Wheel Bonus Feature The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 positioned anywhere in view on the reels triggers the Ruby Wheel Bonus: 3 triggers 1 spin of the Ruby Wheel. 4 triggers 2 spins of the Ruby Wheel. 5 triggers 3 spins of the Ruby Wheel. The player spins the Wheel and is awarded either Free Games or 1 of 4 progressives. During Free Games, the player can trigger additional spins of the Ruby Wheel or Sapphire Wheel if 2 or more appear anywhere in view on the reels: If the Wheel stops on the Major progressive, the value of the Major progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Mega progressive, the value of the Mega progressive is won. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multi plier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multi plier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin:.4% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. .3% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .25% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .2% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multi plier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini:$7.50 Minor:$12.50 Major:$30.00 Mega:$100.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multi pliers other than 1x are calculated by multi plying thebet multi plier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 3/24/2023