Dragon Palace Dragon Palace is a Bet 25, 243 ways 5 reels slot game with a Bonus game. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2, and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.576%. GAME RULES 25 Coins plays 243 Ways. All pays left to right on consecutive reels starting with the first reel excluding scatters which pay any. All wins are multiplied by the multiplier bet. For all symbols, winning combinations pay through any position on the reels. Each symbol can only be used once per winning combination. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Game Rules Any 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER PALACE triggers 8, 12 or 20 Free Games respectively. During Free Games all wins with a WILD DRAGON substituting are multiplied by the Dragon Multiplier. The Master Dragon breaths fire across the screen, revealing the Dragon multiplier. Dragon multiplier may be x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 or x15. Different reels strips are used during Free Games. Free Games are played at the triggering multiplier bet. Free Games may be retriggered. Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play This is a Bet 25, 243 ways game and the Multiplier Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (Multiplier Bet UP) and (Multiplier Bet DOWN) buttons alongside the option. The max.Bet automatically selects the maximum bet Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 50 spins. If Loss Exceeds : Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds : Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. Last Settings Button: This button appears after the player has played one Autoplay session. Pressing this button restores the number of spins, and all limits set by the player that were used on the previous Autoplay session. This allows the player to quickly play Autoplay. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Multiplier Bet : Displays the staked amount per Ways Bet 25 to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. It consists of the Ways Bet 25 multiplied by the Multiplier Bet. Last modification date: 12/29/2021