Double Da Vinci Diamonds RTP: 94.9% GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to line wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. Wild symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 1, High Pay 2 or High Pay 3 symbols. Wild symbol substitutes for 1 Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, Low Pay 3, Low Pay 4 or Low Pay 5 symbol. Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, symbols are re-evaluated for new winning combinations. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. FREE GAMES BONUS During the Base Game, 3 or more Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any positions on reels 1, 2, and 3 starts the Free Games Bonus. 6 to 16 free games are awarded. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 1, 2, and 3. Free Games Wild symbol is wild substitutes for all symbols. 1 Free Games Wild symbol substitutes 2 Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2 or Free Games High Pay 3 symbols.1 Free Games Wild symbol substitutes for 1 Free Games Low Pay 1, Free Games Low Pay 2, Free Games Low Pay 3, Free Games Low Pay 4 or Free Games Low Pay 5 symbol. Free Games Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. During the Free Games Bonus Free Games Bonus symbol is replaced by Free Games Wild 2 symbol. 1 Free Games Wild 2 symbol substitutes 2 Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2 or Free Games High Pay 3 symbols. 1 Free Games Wild 2 symbol substitutes for 1 Free Games Low Pay 1, Free Games Low Pay 2, Free Games Low Pay 3, Free Games Low Pay 4 or Free Games Low Pay 5 symbol. Free Games Wild 2 symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Winning combinations must contain at least one symbol other than Free Games Wild or Free Games Wild 2 symbol. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free Games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 6/21/2022