Duo Fu Duo Cai Grand Dragons How to Play PAYTABLE Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. REEL WAYS™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Winning pays per symbol. Scatter pays are paid in addition to Reel Ways pays The amount wagered times the odds of winning the FORTUNE and GRAND meters respectively are equivalent for all available denominations. PAYS Red Wild is WILD for all active symbols in base game except Scatter Coin and Gold Wild. Gold Wild is WILD for Red Wild. Before base game pays are evaluated, for reels 3, 4, and 5, up to 3 Red Wild or Gold Wild may be placed on each reel. Symbols cannot be placed on a reel if Red Wild or Gold Wild already appear on that reel. Red Wild and Gold Wild cannot both appear on the grid at the same time. For each wager at the same bet level, all Red Wild and Gold Wild on screen will shift 1 row up on the base game reels. Red Wild or Gold Wild appearing on the top row of the previous wager at the same bet level are removed from the screen before pays are evaluated. Red Wild or Gold Wild only appear via Red Wild and Gold Wild placement, respectively. If Red Wild or Gold Wild appears on top of Scatter Coin, the Scatter Coin is still evaluated as if no Red Wild or Gold Wild was placed on top of Scatter Coin. The distribution of Red Wilds and Gold Wilds placed changes at different bet levels. Scatter Coin are evaluated on reels left to right, and do not need to be on adjacent reels. In addition to associated Scatter Coin pays, 3 or more Scatter Coin will trigger Free Spins. All scatter pays are multiplied by bet. JACKPOT FEATURE The Jackpot Feature may be triggered if 1 or more Red Wilds or Gold Wilds appear on the base game reel or Free Spins reel. If triggered, a pick field will be displayed with 12 pick options. Red Duō Fú Duō Cái Jackpot Feature If the Jackpot Feature was triggered by Red Wild, then picks in the Jackpot Feature will reveal a Fu Baby™ symbol corresponding to the associated Fu Baby™ Jackpots: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI. Player will continue to pick until 3 matching Fu Baby™ symbols are revealed, and the value displayed in the corresponding meter will be awarded. Golden Duō Fú Duō Cái Jackpot Feature If the Jackpot Feature is triggered by Gold Wild, the player will be awarded a Prize Enhancement Coin Pick game before the Jackpot Feature is played. In the Prize Enhancement Coin Pick game, a pick field is displayed with 6 pick options. Picks will reveal DOUBLE PICK or PRIZE UPGRADE. Picks are made until 3 matching symbols are revealed. If 3 PRIZE UPGRADE symbols are revealed, then picks in the Jackpot Feature will reveal a Fu Baby™ symbol corresponding to one of the Fu Baby™ Jackpots: FORTUNE, GRAND, MAJOR, or MINOR. Picks in the Jackpot Feature will be made until 3 matching Fu Baby™ symbols are revealed, and the value displayed in the corresponding meter will be awarded. If 3 DOUBLE PICK symbols are revealed, then picks in the Jackpot Feature will reveal a Fu Baby™ symbol corresponding to one of the Fu Baby™ Jackpots: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI. Picks in the Jackpot Feature will be made until two sets of 3 matching symbols are revealed, and the values displayed in the corresponding meters will be awarded. The accumulation of coins over time in bowls is for presentation purposes only. The chance of triggering the Jackpot Feature changes with bet option. FREE SPINS During the base game, 3 or more scattered Scatter Coins award the Free Spins. When the Free Spins are triggered, 6 feature options are presented. Option 1: 15 total spins, 1 to 4 red or gold wilds Option 2: 12 total spins, 2 to 6 red or gold wilds Option 3: 9 total spins, 3 to 8 red or gold wilds Option 4: 6 total spins, 4 to 10 red or gold wilds Option 5: 3 total spins, 5 to 12 red or gold wilds Option 6: Randomly selects Options 1-5 number of spins, and Options 1-5 number of wilds Each spin, a number of Red Wild or Gold Wild are randomly placed on reels 2-5 according to the table above. The distribution of Red Wild and Gold Wild placement changes with bet level. Red Wild and Gold Wild do not nudge up between spins, and are replaced with new Red Wild or Gold Wild on every spin. If Red Wild or Gold Wild appears on top of Scatter Coins, then that Scatter Coin is still evaluated. During Free Spins, 2 or more scattered Scatter Coins award 3 additional Free Spins. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. TURBO MODE Turn on Turbo Mode to speed up each spin, it can be turned off at any point during the game. When Free Spins is awarded, Turbo Mode will automatically be turned OFF but can be turned ON during the feature. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 96.00 / 94.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2022 Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. Last modification date: 6/9/2023