Davy Jones Locker About Davy Jones’s Locker is an all adjacent pays, hold and respin slot that uses the Tsunami Reels™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable). The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Tsunami Reels™ The reels have three sections, the upper reels move right to left, the lower reels move left to right and the central reels spin normally. The upper and lower reels can contain up to 4 symbols on each reel making up to 59059 possible ways with the all adjacent pays. Win respins Winning symbols are held in place with all other reels respinning to potentially improve the win or create new ones. Respins continue until the win is not improved, all reels contain held symbols or the win cap is reached. Dead Man’s Treasure Bonus Landing 3, 4 or 5 bonus symbols during the base game triggers the free spins bonus game. 3 bonus symbols awards 6 free spins 4 bonus symbols awards 10 free spins with super multipliers 5 bonus symbols awards 12 free spins with mega multipliers Landing 3, 4 or 5 bonus symbols during the bonus game adds the following number of free spins: 3 bonus symbols awards 6 extra free spins 4 bonus symbols awards 10 extra free spins 5 bonus symbols awards 12 extra free spins Free spins are played using Tsunami Reels™ with a multiplier coin added to the background behind each of the 5 reels. Any multiplier not covered by a symbol is applied to the final win for that spin. Where multiple multipliers are in view they are added together. There are two types of multiplier coins. Standard coins and increasing coins. Increasing coins increase the multiplier by 1 for every respin that occurs with them in view. When triggering the bonus with 3 bonus symbols, standard coin multipliers are between 2 and 10, increasing coin multipliers start with values between 2 and 4 When triggering the bonus with 4 bonus symbols, standard coin multipliers are between 2 and 50, increasing coin multipliers start with values between 2 and 4 When triggering the bonus with 5 bonus symbols, standard coin multipliers are between 2 and 100, increasing coin multipliers start with values between 2 and 10 How To Calculate Ways Win There are up to 59049 ways to win in this game. Landing an identical symbol on 3,4 or 5 consecutive reels from the left awards a win except for wilds where 2 consecutive symbols triggers a win. Only the highest win is paid per symbol and that wins must begin with the leftmost reel. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbol, the win is multiplied. For example, if the first reel contain 2 winning symbols, the second reel 3 winning symbols and the third reel 2 winning symbols, this win is treated like a 3-of-a-kind win with a 2*3*2=12x MULTIPLIER. Each symbol's payout is listed in the paytable. All wins are multiplied by the total Base Bet amount. Way wins are summed together after the spin. Rules All symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Wins are multiplied by the current base stake. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for bonus. Malfunction voids pays and plays. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 94.02% Buy bonus return to player 94.05% (availability depends on jurisdiction) Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour/hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 10/22/2025