Dragons Domain ABOUT THE GAME Strap on your armor, don your shield, and unsheathe your sword! It’s time to adventure into the Dragon’s Domain and get your hands on some treasure! But be careful: here be dragons! Dragon’s Domain is a 6-reel, 5-row game with all-scatter wins and cascading symbols, featuring two different bonus games and a max win of 10 000 times your bet! The max win can be achieved in all game modes. FEATURES CHARRED LAND Charred Land symbols are Wild multipliers that have 3 charges when they land. After a Charred Land symbol is part of one or more wins it loses a charge before the next cascade. Each time that a symbol cascade occurs, every Charred Land currently on the grid has its multiplier value increased by 1. If more than one Charred Land is part of a win, their values are added together before being applied to the win. Charred Land multipliers can land with one of the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x. DRAGON SYMBOLS AND DRAGONFIRE Dragon symbols on the grid will activate once the grid is fully settled and no more wins occur, breathing Dragonfire in a cross-pattern from its position. All regular paying symbols hit by the Dragonfire will be removed from the grid. If Dragonfire hits any Charred Land symbols, the charges on those Charred Land symbols will be refilled. Dragon symbols come in two different colors: Red and Gold. Gold Dragon symbols will have a multiplier from one of the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10. Whenever a Charred Land symbol is hit by Dragonfire from a Gold Dragon, its multiplier is multiplied by the value on the Gold Dragon. DRAGON'S LAIR BONUS GAME Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate a DRAGON’S LAIR bonus feature with 10 free spins. In this feature, all Charred Land multipliers are persistent between free spins as long as they have charges left. Landing additional FS scatter symbols during the feature awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 additional spins. 3 FS symbols awards 4 additional spins. THE HATCHERY BONUS GAME Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate a THE HATCHERY bonus feature with 10 free spins. During this feature, only non-paying symbols, Dragon Egg and Dragon symbols appear. Dragon Eggs are cash prizes based on your current bet. They are collected when hit by Dragonfire. Any non-paying symbols hit by Dragonfire will be removed and trigger a cascade. There are 3 types of Dragon Eggs: Green, Red, and Golden Eggs. Green Eggs can have the following values: 1, 2, 5, 10. Red Eggs can have the following values: 20, 30, 40. Golden Eggs can have the following values: 50, 100, 200. Whenever a Dragon Egg symbol is hit by Dragonfire from a Gold Dragon, the egg’s value is multiplied by the value on the Gold Dragon. The value of each collected Dragon Egg will be multiplied by your bet to determine the final awarded amount. Landing additional FS scatter symbols during the feature awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 additional spins. 3 FS symbols awards 4 additional spins. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Charred Land symbols substitute for all symbols in the paytable. Dragon Egg symbols only appear in THE HATCHERY bonus game. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 8 or more symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. RTP - 95.25% Last modification date: 10/7/2025