Dancing Drums Base Game During each play the following symbols appear: Gold Coin Gold Pot Gold Flowers Gold Ship Gold Dragon Drum Wild Ace King Queen Jack Ten Nine Rules WILD appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 and is WILD for all symbols appearing in the base game. Only highest win paid per winning combination. All Reel Ways pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All scatter pay awards are multiplied by the total bet. All Reel Ways and Scatter pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the left most reel. FU BABIES™ Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus has a chance of being triggered on every spin! The total bet value has no influence on triggering the Jackpot Bonus Picks will reveal one of the following available jackpots: MINOR , MINI , MAJOR , GRAND . Picks are made until 3 matching jackpots are revealed, and the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. The accumulation of COINS over time in COIN POT has no effect on triggering the Jackpot Bonus. Free Spins Bonus 3 or more scattered DRUM on adjacent reels in the Base Game award the Free Spins Bonus! When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, 5 bonus options are presented. Option 1 Option 2 Option 3 Option 4 Option 5, Mystery Pick Free Spins Awarded 15 Free Spins 10 Free Spins 5 Free Spins 3 Free Spins One of the other options are randomly selected with its corresponding grid size Grid Size 3x5 4x5 5x5 6x5 One of the other options are randomly selected with its corresponding number of free spins awarded During the Free Spins Bonus, 2 or more scattered DRUM on adjacent reels award 3 additional free spins. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. DRUM only appears on reels 1 and 5 if the grid size is 5x5. Reel Ways Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Total bet is the base bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. The expected return for this game is 96%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2018 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/29/2021