Double Cash Spinner 1 Introduction Double Cash Spinner is a 3x3 random slot game with a ‘Fortune Wheel’ bonus feature triggered by getting three bonus symbols on an active win line. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'BET PER LINE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the ‘LINES SELECT’ button to change the number of lines in play. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your bet multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Up to 9 win lines can be selected per game. Wins can occur across any of the win lines. All line wins pay left to right only. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the bonus (wheel) symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game. 4 Bonus Trigger Three bonus symbols on an active line trigger the Cash Spinner bonus round. When playing all 9 win lines, the bonus can be triggered on 2 lines in the same spin. When this happens, the player goes straight to the Double Cash Spinner bonus round. 5 Cash Spinner bonus round The player gets one spin of a 20-position wheel which shows a range of values between 50 and 1250, and two ‘super’ positions. The player presses the spin button to start the wheel. If the wheel stops with the pointer on a value, it is multiplied by the current bet per line. The player receives that prize, and the bonus is complete. If the wheel stops with the pointer on a ‘super’ position the player advances to the Double Cash Spinner Bonus. 6 Double Cash Spinner bonus round The player gets one spin of a 20-position wheel which shows a range of values between 50 and 5000. A ‘x2’ panel will become lit in the centre of the wheel to inform the player that all prizes will be doubled upon completion of the bonus round. The player presses the spin button to start the wheel. The wheel will stop with the pointer on a multiplier value. The value is doubled and multiplied by the current bet per line. The player receives that prize, and the bonus is complete. 7 General Information 7.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 7.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is at least 94.01% when playing 1, 3, 5 or 7 win lines. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is at least 94.04% when playing 9 win lines. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is at least 94.01%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/27/2022