Diamond Geeza Introduction Diamond Geeza is a 5x3 reel slot game consisting of 243 ways to win that features Fever Mode, Fortune Bet and Free spins! How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, Fever Mode or the Free Spins bonus. 2 bonus symbols in view on reels 3 & 4 triggers Fever Mode. 3 bonus symbols in view on reels 3, 4 & 5 triggers Free Spins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the autoplay stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the autoplay will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have autoplay games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules Wins must match 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a way to win. All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. A win can occur on any or all of the ways to win. All games are played with 243 ways to win. Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Bonus Features Fever Mode The Fever Mode is triggered by 2 bonus symbols landing in view on reels 3 & 4. During Fever Mode, the game spins the reels until a winning combination occurs. The win is multiplied by x5 or x10 and Fever Mode completes. The stake cannot be changed during Fever Mode. Free Spins Free Spins is triggered by 3 bonus symbols landing in view on reels 3, 4 & 5. Triggering Free Spins awards unlimited spins that continue until reaching the ‘END’ section of the level meter. The following symbol is only available during Free Spins: DIAMOND | Landing in view increases the level meter and the win multiplier. The win multiplier is associated with each level as shown below: Level 1 | x1 Multiplier Level 2 | x2 Multiplier Level 3 | x3 Multiplier Level 4 | x4 Multiplier Level 5 | x5 Multiplier Level 6 | x6 Multiplier Level 7 | x7 Multiplier Level 8 | x8 Multiplier Level 9 | x9 Multiplier Level 10 | x10 Multiplier END Bonus symbols are not available during Free Spins. Game Recovery Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information The RTP for this game is 96%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020