Dragon's Blessings Prosperity GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 19.3 HIGH All 6 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. WILD TRAIN FEATURE When Dragon Head symbol, Dragon Body symbol, and Dragon Tail symbol, appear together with Coin Tree on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, Dragon Head symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Coin Tree or Triple Coin Symbols. As Dragon Head symbols move, any Dragon Body symbols and Dragon Tail symbols will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When Dragon Head symbols reach and overlaps with a Coin Tree or Triple Coin Symbol, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Coin Tree and Triple Coin Symbols have been collected. Each Coin Tree collected increases the number of positions covered by Dragon Body symbols. Additional Dragon Body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Dragon Head symbol, Dragon Body symbol, and Dragon Tail symbol will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Coin Tree collected during the feature. After all Coin Tree and Triple Coin Symbols have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, and Dragon Tail symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Coin Tree or Triple Coin Symbols were collected. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, and Dragon Tail symbols and Triple Coin Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Dragon Head symbol, Dragon Body symbol, Dragon Tail symbol, and Triple Coin Symbols. Coin Trees appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 during initial spins and respins. Each Triple Coin Symbol collected increases the multiplier meter by 1 value. Each Triple Coin Symbol collected awards a scatter value of 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 750, or 1000 credits Collect 5 to receive a 2x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 9 to receive a 3x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 13 to receive a 5x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 17 to receive a 10x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 21 to receive a 20x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, Dragon Tail symbols, and Triple Coin Symbols do not substitute for Coin Tree for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, and Dragon Tail symbols appear only on reel 6 during the base game. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, and Dragon Tail symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 9 or more Coin Tree award 5 spins in the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, and Dragon Tail symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Dragon Head symbol will move one position at a time to overlap with any Coin Tree or Triple Coin Symbols. As the Dragon Head symbol moves, any Dragon Body symbol and Dragon Tail symbol will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the Dragon Head symbol reaches and overlaps with a Coin Tree or Triple Coin Symbol, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Coin Tree and Triple Coin Symbol have been collected. Each Coin Tree collected increases the number of positions covered by Dragon Body symbols. Additional Dragon Body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols, and Dragon Tail symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Coin Tree collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Triple Coin Symbol collected awards a scatter value of 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 750, or 1000 credits at the end of the Free Games Bonus. Each Coin Tree and Triple Coin Symbol collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Collecting 21 or more total Coin Trees across the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards a jackpot of 5000 times the total bet at the end of the Free Games Bonus. PICK BONUS JACKPOT FEATURE At any given time, whenever a Coin Tree Symbol is collected the game may award a pick bonus. In the pick bonus, match 3 symbols representing the same Jackpot to be awarded that Jackpot. There are 4 jackpots: Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand. Only 1 Jackpot is awarded in the pick bonus. Pick Bonus Awards the jackpot values of the Mini Jackpot at 20 times the total bet, the Minor Jackpot at 50 times the total bet, the Major Jackpot at 200 times the total bet, and the Grand Jackpot at 5000 times the total bet. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 8/9/2023