Donut Division ABOUT THE GAME Fresh out of the academy and you think you have what it takes to play in the big leagues? Alright kid, time to get your badge and gun and join Harry, Tom, Burt and Roger, a.k.a. Chief, in the legendary Donut Division! They may not look like much, but this crew has sniffed out more crooks than sprinkles on a donut. Lock, load and glaze ‘em up - it’s time to catch some bad guys in this 6-reel, 5-row game with paylines and a max win of 12,500x times your bet! The max win can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES GOOEY GUNS AND GOOEY WILDS When a Gooey Gun symbol lands it shoots Gooey Wild symbols to the left on the same row, as far as the edge of the grid. The Gooey Gun symbol then transforms into a Gooey Wild! Gooey Gun symbols can also land with a multiplier value from one of the following values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x.Gooey Wild symbols are wild symbols that substitute for all other symbols in the paytable. All Gooey Wild symbols fired or transformed from a Gooey Gun take on the same multiplier value as the Gun, and the multiplier values are added together into one value which is applied to all connected Gooey Wilds on the same row. When at least one Gooey Wild with a multiplier is part of a winning payline, that multiplier is applied to the win. If a winning payline includes Gooey Wild multipliers from more than one row of connected Gooey Wild symbols, their multiplier values are added together before being applied to the win. The multiplier value from a row of connected Gooey Wild symbols cannot be applied more than once per winning combination, regardless of how many winning symbols are on that row. BONUS CHOICE Landing 3 or 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game brings you into the Bonus Choice menu, where you are able to choose between two bonus game options depending on the number of landed FS symbols. With 3 FS symbols, you may choose either the WAREHOUSE or the STAKEOUT bonus games. With 4 FS symbols, you may choose either the SUPER WAREHOUSE or the SUPER STAKEOUT bonus games. WAREHOUSE When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will enter the bonus with 3 refilling lives. The following symbols appear in this bonus: dead symbols and the following special symbols: Adding and Multiplying Multipliers symbols, Battery symbols and Light-Switch symbols. Normal paying symbols do not appear. Dead symbols are non-paying and have no other effect. Each spin in the bonus consumes 1 life and has 2 Flashlight Charges. Whenever a special symbol is revealed, your lives are refilled to 3. After 3 consecutive spins without a refill, the bonus will end. This bonus features two flashlights that reveal the hidden darkened symbols on the grid. On every new spin, the flashlights will shine on random positions on the grid and reveal the symbol on that position. If a special symbol is revealed, it will produce a certain effect depending on the revealed symbol, and the flashlight will move to a new position without consuming a Flashlight Charge or a life. The special symbol effects are detailed below. When an Adding or Multiplying Multiplier symbol is revealed, the value of that multiplier will be collected in the Total Multiplier above the grid. Multiplier symbols can have the following values: Adding Multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x Multiplying Multipliers: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 When a Battery symbol is revealed, the light from the corresponding flashlight will temporarily expand to a 3x3 area that reveals all symbols in the illuminated area. The area immediately shrinks to 1 square again after all the symbols in the 3x3 area have been activated. Battery symbols can only land on reels 2 and 5, and row 2, 3 or 4. When a Light-Switch symbol is revealed, the entire grid temporarily lights up and all symbols on the current grid will be revealed and collected. The grid becomes dark again at the start of the next spin. When a dead symbol is revealed, the flashlight that revealed the symbol will be switched off and a Flashlight Charge will be consumed. When both Flashlight Charges have been consumed, another free spin will be triggered and a life is used up. Once all three lives are gone, the bonus ends. At the end of the bonus game, the Total Multiplier amount is multiplied with your bet amount to determine the final awarded win. The two lights from the flashlights can never shine on the same position at the same time. The left flashlight can only shine on reels 1-3 and the flashlight on the right can only shine on reels 4-6. SUPER WAREHOUSE When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will be awarded a variant of the WAREHOUSE bonus. This variant guarantees that the value for all adding multipliers are minimum 5x or higher. STAKEOUT This bonus feature maintains the mechanics of the base game with an increased chance of landing Gooey Gun symbols and getting high-value multipliers! Landing additional FS scatter symbols during the feature awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 additional spins, 3 FS symbols awards 4 additional spins. SUPER STAKEOUT When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will be awarded a variant of the STAKEOUT bonus. After the first time that a Gooey Gun symbol has landed on a row, a Gooey Gun is guaranteed to land somewhere on that same row on every subsequent spin until the end of the bonus feature! Landing additional FS scatter symbols during the feature awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 additional spins, 3 FS symbols awards 4 additional spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game depends on the bonus choice if a bonus game is triggered organically. If you always choose either WAREHOUSE or SUPER WAREHOUSE, the RTP is 96.30%. If you always choose either STAKEOUT or SUPER STAKEOUT, the RTP is 96.30%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Gooey Gun symbols can never land on reel 1 in any game mode. Gooey Gun symbols do not appear in WAREHOUSE or SUPER WAREHOUSE bonus features. In STAKEOUT and SUPER STAKEOUT, FS symbols can never land to the left of a Gooey Gun symbol on the same row. In the base game, FS symbols and Gooey Gun symbols cannot appear at the same time. FS symbols do not appear in WAREHOUSE or SUPER WAREHOUSE bonus features. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when playing BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ depends on the bonus choice if a bonus game is triggered organically. If you always choose either WAREHOUSE or SUPER WAREHOUSE, the RTP is 96.27%. If you always choose either STAKEOUT or SUPER STAKEOUT, the RTP is 96.27%. For full information about this feature, see section above Buying NO CASE TO TOUGH... gives two bonus game options: the RTP when selecting WAREHOUSE is 96.28%; the RTP when selecting STAKEOUT is 96.33%. For full information about this feature, see section above. Buying ...NO DONUT TOO SWEET gives two bonus game options: the RTP when selecting SUPER WAREHOUSE is 96.30%; the RTP when selecting SUPER STAKEOUT is 96.30%. For full information about this feature, see section above. The RTP when buying GOO IN GUNS GLAZING! FEATURESPINS™ is 96.36%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between €0.10 and €100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 12,500 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggerthe main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded.ing specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 5/2/2025