Direct Hit featuring Money Zone BASE GAME INFO When a spin is initiated, symbols will fall into the grid composed of 7 rows and 7 columns. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and disappear leaving empty spaces in the grid. A “cascade” will then occur: existing symbols will drop into the empty spaces and new symbols will be added to fill any remaining spaces. Any new winning combinations will be evaluated and trigger another cascade. There is a maximum of 10 cascades. All win amounts are shown in the paytable. WILD SYMBOL WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except GEMS. WILD combines with all adjacent CLUSTERS and pays all wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Multiple wins are added together. Payouts reflect the current bet configuration. CLUSTERS A win occurs whenever 5 or more paytable symbols form a CLUSTER. A CLUSTER is a grouped combination of symbols where every symbol touches at least one other symbol of the same type along a HORIZONTAL or VERTICAL EDGE. WILD symbols substitute for adjacent symbols only. MONEY ZONE FEATURE The Money Zone is a variable (2 x 2 up to 6 x 6) square overlay that covers a random portion of the grid at the beginning of each cascade or spin. At the beginning of any cascade or spin, the Money Zone may move to another grid position and change size. CARE PACKAGES Care Packages only appear in Base Game. On any given spin or cascade, 1 Care Package may land on the grid. Care Packages can be Red or Blue. If a Care Package lands outside the Money Zone, the symbol where the Package lands turns Wild. If a Care Package lands inside the Money Zone, the symbol where the Package lands turns Wild and other random symbols inside the Zone may also turn Wild. FREE SPINS BONUS All Care Packages contain 1 GEM of their respective color that will be collected if it lands inside the Money Zone. During Base Game, 3 GEM silhouettes are located on top of the Money Zone. 3 GEMS must be collected within a single spin to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 2 or more blue GEMS award the Blue Super Spin. 2 or more red GEMS award the Red Free Spins. Once 3 GEMS have been collected, no more GEMS can be collected. RED FREE SPINS 3 free spins are awarded. A minimum of 2 symbols and a maximum of all symbols in the Money Zone will be turned WILD on each spin or cascade. Cascades will be capped at 10 per spin. BLUE SUPER SPIN 1 super spin is awarded. For each symbol in the Money Zone, a number will appear on the symbol that represents how many instances of that symbol are stacked in that position. That number is used for evaluation purposes. In subsequent cascades, when the Money Zone moves, stacks will be added to all symbols in the new Zone (including previously stacked symbols). Cascades will be capped at 10 per spin. GAME RULES Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All awards are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 20. WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except GEMS. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 93.90%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/26/2022