Divine Dynasty Princess TO PLAY THE GAME: Choose a Bet Level. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets and payouts are in the user's currency. ABOUT THE GAME Divine Dynasty: Princess is a 6-reel, 6-row Ways game, featuring Avalanche, Increasing Multiplier, the Phoenix Wild Feature, and Free Spins. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.36%. Winning combinations are formed by matching symbols on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Multiple winning combinations are added together. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. All bets and payouts are in your currency. Symbols can appear in three different sizes: 1x1, 1x2, and 1x3. The value or effect of a symbol remains the same regardless of the symbol's size. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol can only appear on the reels through the Phoenix Wild Feature. The Wild symbol substitutes for any regular symbol during win evaluation. The Bonus symbol can appear on reels 1, 2, and 3. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. AVALANCHE Winning symbols in winning combinations pay out, then disappear, after which new symbols fall down, creating additional win opportunities. The Avalanche continues until there are no more wins. Bonus symbols do not activate the Avalanche. INCREASING MULTIPLIER The multiplier starts at x1 and increases by 1 after each Avalanche. All subsequent wins are multiplied by the multiplier. The multiplier resets after the end of the spin. The multiplier is capped at x20. PHOENIX WILD FEATURE In the main game, every other time winning symbols in winning combinations pay out and disappear, two Wild symbols are added to two random winning positions before new symbols fall down. The counter resets after the end of the spin. FREE SPINS 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the main game award 10 Free Spins. The multiplier starts at x1 and does not reset during Free Spins. The Phoenix Wild Feature activates every time winning symbols in winning combinations pay out and disappear. 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels during Free Spins reactivate the Free Spins and award 10 additional Free Spins. The Free Spins can be reactivated up to 4 times. Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and bet configuration as the round that awarded the Free Spins. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The English version of the game rules prevails. Last modification date: 2/6/2024