Dwarfs Fortune The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and an additional top row with Special Bonus symbols. Wins are awarded for drawing 5 symbols of a kind anywhere on the reels. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Multiplier symbol can only be drawn on the top row of the reels and multiplies the total win by 2x, 3x, 5x or 7x. The maximum win amount is 2500x bet. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. SPECIAL FEATURES Increasing Value Sticky Cash Symbols During the base game, Bonus symbols may appear as an Increasing Value Sticky Cash symbols. Increasing Value Sticky Cash symbols stick to the reels for up to 9 spins, increasing the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. The value of an Increasing Value Sticky Cash symbol increases by the bet with every spin. All Sticky symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. Hold the Jackpot Bonus Drawing at least 6 Bonus symbols of any type activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. Increasing Value Sticky Cash symbols are converted to regular Bonus symbols. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stick to the reels. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played on 20 independent reels separated into 5 top and 15 bottom reels. All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. Special Bonus symbols (Collector symbols, Jackpot symbols, Mystery and Dwarfs Mystery symbols) can only appear on the top row of the reels, while Cash and Increasing Value Cash symbols can only appear on the bottom reels. Cash and Increasing Value Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x, 12x and 15x player's bet. The value of a Increasing Value Cash symbol increases to infinity with every re-spin. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol. Dwarfs Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols. Mystery and Dwarfs Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When a Collector symbol is drawn, it is assigned a random countdown value from 1 to 9. With each spin, the Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Increasing Value Cash symbols drawn on the reels below, until its countdown reaches 0. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR, MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 20 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 2500x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility Levels™ as the spin that activated the bonus. Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Hold the Jackpot Bonus can be activated on Extreme Volatility level, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels™. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.16%. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Levels Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 3/19/2024