Dreamzone Game Description Clear all symbols from the grid to enter the Bonus Drops with exponential win multipliers of x2, x4, x8, x16, x32, x64 all the way up to x512 for high and exciting payouts. Dreamzone is a fast and catchy cluster game with avalanche symbol drops and Dream Features to collect and use to take you to the Bonus Drops bonus game, a.k.a. the Dreamzone, with levels of exponentially increasing Win Multipliers. Cluster Wins & Avalanche Winnnings are paid for clusters of 3 or more matching symbols adjacent to each other, side by side, anywhere in the grid. All winning combinations explode with the remaining symbols dropping down for new win chances and a Dream Feature to be collected. Dream Features Dream Features are collected by wins during the symbol drops and will be used and applied in case there is no win to keep the avalance going for more wins. Max 5 Dream Features can be collected and can be used in the same avalanche drop as collected. Dream Feature Description WILD Adds 1-5 wild symbols. SYMBOL EXPLODE Removes symbols across all symbol levels. SYMBOL UPGRADE Upgrades a low win symbol level to its corresponding high win symbol level of the same color. SYMBOL SCATTER A symbol level pays scattered. I.e. winning combinations are paid for all symbols anywhere in the grid even if not adjacent to each other. Bonus Game Clearing all the symbols from the grid triggers the Bonus Drops bonus game. The bonus game gives you 3 free drops to clear the grid again to level up to the next level with doubled Win Multipliers. For each level, the Win Multipliers will be x2, x4, x8, x16, x32, x64, x128, x256 and x512. Key Features Function Value Lines No lines. Clusters of 3 adjacent symbols, vertically and horizontaly. Reels 5 columns Rows 5 rows Hit frequency 27.7 % Name Dreamzone Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Dreamzone is a 5 columns, 5 rows slot with dropping symbols, cluster wins, Dream Features and Bonus Drops with Multiplier levels. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Winning combinations are paid for clusters of 3 or more matching symbols adjacent to each other, side by side, anywhere in the 5x5 grid. A game round starts on the selected bet level when player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winning and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are represented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Dreamzone is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with Bonus Drops. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol. For each winning combination, a Dream Feature will be collected, the symbols in the winning combinations are removed, remaining symbols will drop down, new wins can occur and the avalanche repeats. If no new wins occur, the last collected Dream Feature will be used, one by one, until a win occurs to keep the avalanche ongoing. A Win created by using a Dream Feature does not collect a new Dream Feature. Max 5 Dream Features can be collected per drop and is valid only for the current drop. The avalanche continues until there are no more wins and no more collected Dream Features, or all symbols are cleared from the grid which triggers the Bonus Drops bonus game. The Bonus Drops bonus game starts with a Win Multiplier of x2 and 3 drop chances to clear the grid. If the grid gets cleared, the bonus game goes to the next level with 3 new drop chances and the Win Multiplier is multiplied by x2, to x4, x8, x16, etc. There is no upper limit of the Win Multiplier and it can increase until the maximum win is reached. Dream Features: WILD: Adds 1-5 wild symbols. SYMBOL EXPLODE: Removes any 1-4 symbols across all symbol levels. SYMBOL UPGRADE: Upgrades a low win symbol level to its corresponding high win symbol level of the same color. SYMBOL SCATTER: A symbol level pays scattered. I.e. winning combinations are paid for all symbols anywhere in the grid even if not adjacent to each other. A Game round will end if maximum win is reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. No bets can be changed during a game round. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.0%. The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all wins and bets are void.