Deep Riches 1. Introduction Deep Riches is a standard 5 reel slot game with 20 winlines. A combination of special scatter symbols on reels 1 to 5 will trigger the Reef Bonus free spins feature. 2. How to Play Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching some 2 of-a-kind and all 3, 4 or 5 of-a-kind symbols. All wins are paid left to right. This game contains unique gameplay which is persistent from spin to spin. When you spin the reels, sets of floating symbols start to float on from the right-hand side of the screen. These floating symbols may produce better connecting wins. 2.1 Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the plus and minus buttons, on the left of the screen. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Altering your bet will change the floating symbols. These are saved should you return to your original stake. 2.2 Features During the game there will be special floating symbols which will have no win value, but act as modifiers to help create extra winning combinations. These special symbols float across the reels per spin. They may create a connecting win but it is not guaranteed. During the game there maybe a special period over a number of spins when the game activates 'Wild Water' . During 'Wild Water' the special floating symbols become 'Wilds' and float across the reels per spin. These extra 'Wilds' may create connecting wins. 3 or more bonus scatter symbols on any reel positions triggers the 'Reef Bonus' free spins feature. The more scatter symbols, the greater number of free spins awarded. When triggered, three pearl clam shells will appear and the player is prompted to pick one. This will then reveal an amount of free spins for the ‘Reef Bonus’. 'Reef Bonus' free spins feature: During 'Reef Bonus' the special floating symbols are all 'Wilds' and float across the reels per free spin. Once the 'Wilds' have progressed to reel one they are then 'caught' and stop, floating on reel one. Any further 'Wilds' will accrue behind these 'Wilds' creating clumps, which may create better wins. 2.3 Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, above the ‘PLAY’ button, will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the autoplay options. Pressing the ‘menu’ button icon, on the right-hand side below the ‘PLAY’ button, will open the information from which the player can access the paytable information. The player can press the arrows back and forth to access all other game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will exit the information and return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the ‘cog’ button will allow the player access to toggle the sounds on/off and, on compatible devices, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's total stake on each spin. 2.4 Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 3. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. 4. General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 95.07%. The maximum payout of one spin in this game is 250,000.00. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 5. Copyright © 2017 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 12/21/2017