Defenders of the Realm RTP: 96.0% Volatility: 11.2 - HIGH Game Rules Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME An activator box landing anywhere on the reels adds a frame to that position, if it did not have one already. Any line win combination including one or more positions with a frame award double the normal number of credits. After all wins have been paid, any frame on a position included in any line win combination is removed. Placing a bet with a different bet per line than the previous bet per line removes all frames from the reels. After wins have been paid but before any frames are removed, if all 4 positions on any reel contain an activator box or a frame then a wild is locked in place on that reel for the next 3 spins and all frames on that reel are removed. Any reel that receives a locked wild becomes activated, if it was not already. Activated reels show a highlighted bar behind the symbols on that reel. At the start of the second subsequent spin, the wild changes from green to yellow. At the start of the third subsequent spin, the wild changes from yellow to red. The color of the wild has no effect other than to indicate the number of spins for which it will remain locked. Free Games BONUS Feature During the base game, activating all 5 reels with bouncing color bars starts the Free Games Bonus and deactivates all reels. Awards 10 free games. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. During the Free Games Bonus, on each spin one or more reels are randomly replaced with a wild for that spin. The wild covers all positions on its reel and substitutes for all symbols. Additionally, on each spin one wild may randomly receive a 2x multiplier. All line win combinations passing through a wild with a 2x multiplier award double the normal number of credits. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. PICK BONUS Feature During the base game, 3 or more pick bonus symbols appearing in any position on the reels starts the Pick Bonus The Pick Bonus is a multi-tiered pick bonus. 3 symbols award a 4 tiered pick bonus. 4 symbols award a 5 tiered pick bonus. 5 symbols award a 6 tiered pick bonus. The Pick Bonus starts on the first tier. Each tier contains four pick options. Pick options on the current tier until the game advances to the next tier or the bonus ends. Picking an option on any tier other than the final tier reveals one of the following awards: Awards the displayed credit value. Awards the displayed credit value and advances the game to the next tier. Picking an option on the final tier reveals one of the following awards: Ends the bonus. Doubles the value of all previously picked awards and ends the bonus. Last modification date: 9/28/2021