Dragon Unleashed Three Legends PAYTABLE Only highest winner paid per winning combination. REEL WAYS™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. WILD SYMBOL WILD substitutes for all symbols except RESPIN, PEARL, FIRE PEARL and GONG. WILD only appears on reels 2-4. RESPIN FEATURE During the base game, if RESPIN lands on reel 5, then a respin is awarded. During the Respin Feature, any reel with a PEARL will be held. If RESPIN lands on reel 5, then one additional respin will be awarded. PEARL are not evaluated until all respins have been played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. FREE SPINS During the base game, 3, 4 or 5 scattered GONG award 6 free spins and 1x, 5x, or 20x total bet respectively. During Free Spins Feature, landing 3, 4 or 5 scattered GONG on a spin awards an additional 6 free spins and 1x, 5x or 20x total bet respectively. For each spin, MYSTERY DOOR may land on reels 1-4 revealing a symbol, except WILD and GONG. PEARL revealed by MYSTERY DOOR are not held during the Free Spins Feature and display a prize. PEARL revealed by MYSTERY DOOR display a prize from 1x to 50x total bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except RESPIN does not appear. PEARL SYMBOLS Each PEARL displays a prize from 1x to 150x total bet, Mini Jackpot or Minor Jackpot. During the base game and the Free Spins Feature, if PEARL lands on the top or middle position of a reel and the Dragon Bonus is not triggered, then the symbols on that reel will shift down by 1 position for the next wagered spin at the same bet or for the next free spin. PEARL only appears on reels 1-4. Any PEARL in the last free spin of the current Free Spins Feature will not be considered in the next Free Spins Feature. Any PEARL in the base game or Respin Feature will not be considered in the Free Spins Feature and vice versa. DRAGON BONUS 6 or more scattered PEARL triggers the Dragon Bonus and 3 spins are awarded. All PEARL that triggered the feature will be held in place for the duration of the Bonus. During the Bonus, if 1 or more PEARL land on screen, then those symbols will be held for the remainder of the Bonus and the number of remaining spins will be reset to 3. If there are less than 12 positions held at the end of the Bonus, the prizes displayed on all held PEARL will be awarded. If all 12 positions are held, then 1 spin of the Dragon Unleashed reel is awarded and all prizes displayed on the held PEARL will be awarded. The feature will end when there are no spins remaining or the Dragon Unleashed reel is awarded. The Dragon Unleashed reel awards one of the following prizes: Major Jackpot, Grand Jackpot, bet multiplier value of 10x-100x total bet, or a Bonus multiplier of 2x-5x. If a Bonus multiplier is awarded, then it will be applied to the prize bet multiplier displayed on each PEARL before those prizes are awarded. If a Bonus multiplier is applied to a Mini Jackpot or Minor Jackpot then that prize will be awarded a number of times equal to that multiplier. The distribution of prizes displayed on the Dragon Unleashed Reel changes with bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the Bonus. All symbols other than PEARL appearing on reels 1-4 are grayed out and are not evaluated. Reel 5 is the Dragon Unleashed Reel. The Dragon Bonus cannot be retriggered during the Bonus. When the bet stake is below the active bet stake level for Jackpots to be awarded, the Major Jackpot and Grand Jackpot will be replaced with a bet multiplier of 200x and 500x total bet, respectively. REEL WAYS™ The base game and Free Spins Feature contain up to 243 ways to win. Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. If the Grand Jackpot is awarded, the value displayed on the corresponding meter is awarded and then the meter will reset before any additional prizes are awarded. The amount wagered times the odds of winning the Grand Jackpot is equivalent for all eligible bets. PEARL may appear as FIRE PEARL. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT DISCLAIMER The Grand Jackpot is a Progressive Jackpot. A Progressive Jackpot is a constantly-accumulating prize. The Progressive Jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The current value of the Progressive Jackpot is displayed in the game. All Progressive Jackpot winnings are subject to final confirmation by the operator, and the software supplier. Their decision is final, and no correspondence will be entered into. The operator has taken every possible precaution to ensure the Progressive Jackpot value displayed in the game matches the value on the operator server. The Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. JACKPOT DISCLAIMER When the Grand Jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset according to the table below. The percentage of each wager that contributes to the Grand Jackpot amount is based on the data below. JACKPOT MINIMUM BET TO BE ACTIVE CONTRIBUTION TO CURRENT JACKPOT (%) RESET VALUE GRAND $0.88 1.00% $18,880.00 MAJOR $0.88 - * MINOR $0.88 - * MINI $0.88 - * Varies with bet amount. Please see in game help screen. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. LEGAL NOTICES In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The expected return for this game is between 93.9% and 93.98%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. Last modification date: 12/4/2024