Double Dinosaur Deluxe RTP 96.5% Volatility: 7.8 Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet. Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. During the free games, line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, or ending with the rightmost reel. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 1 symbols, High Pay 2 Symbols, High Pay 3 Symbols, High Pay 4 Symbols, or High Pay 5 Symbols. 1 Wild Symbol substitutes for 1 Low Pay 1 Symbol, Low Pay 2 Symbol, Low Pay 3 Symbol, Low Pay 4 Symbol, or Low Pay 5 Symbol. Free Games During the base game, 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus Awards 6 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Free Games Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games High Pay 1 symbols, Free Games High Pay 2 Symbols, Free Games High Pay 3 Symbols, Free Games High Pay 4 Symbols, or Free Games High Pay 5 Symbols. 1 Free Games Wild Symbol substitutes for 1 Free Games Low Pay 1 Symbol, Free Games Low Pay 2 Symbol, Free Games Low Pay 3 Symbol, Free Games Low Pay 4 Symbol, or Free Games Low Pay 5 Symbol. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus and play on lines left to right and right to left. 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 awards 6 additional free games. Free Games Bonus symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 96 free games have been played. Last modification date: 9/28/2021