Diamond Arrow How to Play Wilds is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free Games Bonus Free Games awarded in the Free Games Wheel feature triggers the Free Games Bonus with the number of Free Games indicated by the wheel pointer. If the Free Games Wheel feature is triggered during the Free Games Bonus, additional Free Games are awarded. Only one Free Games Bonus can be triggered per game. Free Games end when 0 Free Games remain or after 1000 Free Games have been played. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, lines played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Multiplier Wheel Feature Any combination of 3 , on Payline 2 triggers 1 spin of the Multiplier Wheel. Wheel values are multipliers of 2x to 8x. After the awarded wheel stops, win the multiplier value indicated by the wheel pointer. All line wins in that spin are multiplied by the awarded multiplier value. Free Games Wheel Feature. Any combination of 3 on Payline 3 triggers 1 spin of the Free Games Wheel. Wheel values are 7 to 50 Free Games. After the awarded wheel stops, win the Free Games Bonus with the number of Free Games indicated by the wheel pointer. Coins Wheel Feature Any combination of 3 on Payline 1 triggers 1 spin of the Coins Wheel. One wheel wedge contains symbol and the other wedges contain currency values. After the awarded wheel stops, win the currency value or the progressive symbol indicated by the wheel pointer. The Progressive Jackpot is not multiplied by any value. Progressive Jackpot The Coins Wheel Spin must be accessed in order to have a chance of winning the Progressive Jackpot. If the Coins Wheel stops on symbol indicated by the wheel pointer, the value of the Progressive Jackpot is won. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There is a separate Progressive Jackpot per bet multiplier. Contributions made to the Progressive Jackpot at a certain bet multiplier are added to the Progressive Jackpot that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contribution is made to the Progressive Jackpot on each base game spin: .3% of the bet At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for the Progressive Jackpot is: $200.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpot at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on the Progressive Jackpot value. When the Progressive Jackpot is awarded and a re-trigger of the jackpot occurs, the patron is awarded a static amount. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 95.25%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/21/2023