Dancing Drums Prosperity How to Play Base Game The base game is played on 3 x 5 reel set with 243 reel ways. The reel set can randomly expand, the maximum expansion is 6 x 5 with 7776 reel ways. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Total bet is Base Wager plus associated Bonus Wager ANY WAY pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. Drums and Golden Drum symbols can be mixed. Winnings pay per symbol. Drum Symbols 3 or more DRUM/GOLD DRUM symbols on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel, award Free Spins Bonus. If at least one of the triggering symbols is GOLD DRUM, Growing Reels Free Spins will be active. The FU BAT symbol can also form part of the triggering combination if DRUM symbols also appear as part of the triggering combination. The GOLD DRUM symbol only appears on reel 3 in the base game. Free Spins When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, 5 feature options are presented.The grid will be one of the possible sizes corresponding to the selected options in the table on the next page. Mystery choice – will randomly pick any combination of rows and spins. Growing Reels Free Spins If the triggering combination includes a GOLD DRUM symbol, Growing Reels Free Spins feature will be awarded. The grid size will change randomly during Growing Reel Free Spins between the 3 grid sizes, which are displayed in each option shown in the table on the next page. Mystery choice – will randomly pick any combination of rows and spins. Free Spins and Growing Reels Free Spins During the Free Spins Bonus, 2 or more DRUM symbols on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel, award 3 additional Free Spins. The FU BAT symbol can also form part of the triggering combination if DRUM symbols also appear as part of the triggering combination. Free Spins mode begins after the Free Spins mode has been chosen. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end if the maximum win has been achieved. Fu Bat Symbol The FU BAT symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols. In base game and in all Free Spin features, the symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Each FU BAT symbol that lands has a chance of awarding a FU BABY™ Jackpot. FU BABY™ Jackpots can be awarded on any spin, both in the base game and in the Free Spins feature. Fu Baby™ Jackpots When a FU BABY™ Jackpot is awarded, 12 coins are displayed, pick to reveal a FU BABY™ symbol corresponding to one of the FU BABY™ Jackpots: MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND. Reveal 3 matching FU BABY™ symbols, and the associated FU BABY™ Jackpot is awarded. Bonus Pick A BONUS PICK may be triggered after a FU BABY™ Jackpot has been awarded. The 3 like FU BABY™ symbols that were already revealed are greyed out and are no longer considered when awarding Jackpots. Continue to pick coins, when 3 more matching FU BABY™ symbols are revealed, the associated FU BABY™ Jackpot is awarded and both FU BABY™ Jackpot wins are added together. Only one BONUS PICK can be triggered per FU BABY™ Jackpot feature. The accumulation of coins over time in the bowl has no effect on triggering the FU BABY™ Jackpot. Red Envelope Feature Randomly during base game play, the player may be awarded a red envelope mystery prize. For wagers from 22 - 62 credits, the prize is 888 credits.For all other wagers, the prize is 3888 credits. Buy Pass™ The Buy Pass™ feature allows direct access to the Free Spins or the Growing Reels Free Spins game. The cost of the Buy Pass™ is a multiple of the base wager and is shown in the table below. All features are played at the selected bet level when Buy Pass™ was triggered. No trigger win is awarded when the Bonus Game is triggered via Buy Pass™. Malfunction voids all pays and play Last modification date: 8/3/2022