Dead Man's Gold Game rules Dead Man's Gold is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows. Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases. rows: 4,096 ways to win rows: 15,625 ways to win rows: 46,656 ways to win rows: 117,649 ways to win rows: 262,144 ways to win All drops in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win. The minimum bet is 0.20, and the maximum bet is 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps are allowed. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Dead Man's Gold is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. All low, mid and high symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols. All wild symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, and Mega 3x3. Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state. When a Bottomless Chest exists under a big symbol when empty space is created, the Bottomless Chest will fill out the empty space, potentially pushing the big symbol upwards as per its feature. All symbols that extend beyond the current achieved amount of rows award a refill up to the highest row reached via symbol extension. Further refills continue from this new achieved amount of rows up to a maximum of 8 rows. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, Treasure Target, Multiplier Treasure Target, Bottomless Chest and cannonball symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. Bottomless Chest is a blocking symbol forge that can drop in in any drop. When space opens up in the column that the Bottomless Chest is in, the Bottomless Chest opens and pushes out high value, wild, and cannonball symbols to fill up all the way up to the achieved amount of rows. Treasure Target and Multiplier Treasure Target symbols exist in different sizes, but count as one regardless of size when fired at by the Pirate’s Cannons. The Pirate’s Cannons immediately fire at Treasure Targets in view when all symbols have landed and there is at least one cannonball shot collected. A cannonball shot is consumed and removed when fired. The Pirate’s Cannons fire from left to right, aiming for the largest one if there are more than one in the same column. Then additional symbols drop down from above to fill the empty spaces. The Pirate’s Cannons continue to fire as long as there are cannonball shots left and Treasure Targets are still in view. Treasure Target symbols shot by the Pirate’s Cannons reveal the wild symbols which are hidden behind them, and blow up non-winning symbols around themselves. Adjacent Treasure Targets, Bottomless Chests and bonus symbols are not affected. Multiplier Treasure Target symbols shot by the Pirate’s Cannons increase the persistent global multiplier, reveal wild symbols hidden behind them, and remove adjacent non-winning symbols. Adjacent Treasure Targets, Bottomless Chests and bonus symbols are not affected. The global multiplier is only affected by a Multiplier Treasure Target being shot at by the Pirate’s Cannons. The increase of the multiplier is independent of the size of the Multiplier Treasure Target, and takes place prior to the payout. The global multiplier is persistent and never decreases during an ongoing game round. Cannonball symbols exist in different sizes and they award one shot per 1x1 symbol instance it covers; e.g. a cannonball symbol of 1x2 awards two cannon shots. The cannonballs are collected immediately when all symbols have landed, if there is at least one win in view. The empty cannonball symbol is removed as part of the following avalanche. A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops. bonus symbols: 10 free drops bonus symbols: 15 free drops bonus symbols: 20 free drops bonus symbols: 25 free drops The current collected cannonballs and the current active global multiplier are both brought into the bonus game. Treasure Targets and Multiplier Treasure Targets are persistent between free drops until they are part of a win. The Bottomless Chest is persistent throughout the whole bonus game. Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when the bonus game was initially triggered. The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Dead Man’s Gold is 94.0%. The game will be capped at 25 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers several different game modes. Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to a Super Bonus game with a minimum of 10 free drops and with unlimited ammunition for the Pirate’s Cannons at the cost of 500x the selected bet. The Treasure Targets are sticky until part of a win, and the Bottomless Chest is sticky throughout the whole bonus game. Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the Bonus game at the cost of 100x the selected bet. The Treasure Targets are sticky until part of a win, and the Bottomless Chest is sticky throughout the whole bonus game. Super cannon spin: One spin where the Pirate’s Cannons have unlimited amounts of cannonball shots. Bonus triggers award Super Bonus at the cost of 25x the selected bet. Chest Plunderer: One spin with a guaranteed Bottomless Chest at the cost of 10x the selected bet. Big Block: One spin with a guaranteed big symbol at the cost of 5x the selected bet. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. The minimum X-iter cost is 1.00, and the maximum cost is 50,000.00. The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Dead Man’s Gold is 94.0%. All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well. Last modification date: 11/1/2024