Deep Treasure Gold Mine About Deep Treasure Gold Mine is a slot game using the Fusion Reels™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable). The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Fusion Reels™ Each game starts with a 6x3 slot game. Any line win moves the player to level two where the reels spin for free. Level two is played with 5x3 reels where all symbols on reel two are doubled. Any line win moves the player to level three where the reels spin for free. Level three is played with 4x3 reels where all symbols on reel two are tripled. Any line win moves the player to level four where the reels spin for free. Level four is played with 3x3 reels where all symbols on reel two are quadrupled. Any line win initiates a free respin on level four. Wins are paid for 3 or more like symbols on active winlines from the leftmost reel. Deep Treasure Bonus Bonus symbols appear on all reels with three in view anywhere on a single spin or respin triggering a bonus. On level two all bonus symbols on reel two are doubled. On level three all bonus symbols on reel two are tripled. On level four all bonus symbols on reel two are quadrupled. 6 bonus symbols - 10 spins with multipliers between 2x and 75x 5 bonus symbols - 8 spins with multipliers between 2x and 75x 4 bonus symbols - 7 spins with multipliers between 2x and 50x 3 bonus symbols - 6 spins with multipliers between 2x and 25x A random multiplier is selected at the start of the bonus and is boosted after each winning spin. The bonus is played on a 6x3 slot where reel two is the fusion reel with randomly selected double, triple or quadruple symbols on each spin. Bonus can retrigger to add more spins. 3 bonus symbols will award 6 additional bonus spins 4 or more bonus symbols will award 10 additional bonus spins Rules All symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Only the highest win per line is paid. Wins on distinct lines are added. Wins are multiplied by the current base stake. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for bonus, double bonus, triple bonus or quadruple bonus symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 94.03% Buy bonus return to player 94.05% (availability depends on jurisdiction) Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour/hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 3/11/2026