Double Top Darts Getting started: Double Top Darts is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game featuring a FREE SPINS bonus. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the FREE SPINS bonus feature. Set your bet Double Top Darts has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. BONUS GAME The BONUS GAME is awarded for 3 BONUS symbols landing anywhere in view on reels 1,3 & 5. FREE SPINS 12 FREE SPINS are awarded with the BONUS GAME entry and the number of WILDS are determined via the outcome of the first two darts. WILDS Any WILD symbols landing in view during the reel game will substitute for all symbols except the BONUS symbol. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. AUTOPLAY: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Features: BONUS GAME When 3 BONUS symbols land, the BONUS GAME is triggered. The BONUS GAME will automatically award 12 FREE SPINS and provide two opportunities to accumulate WILDS to take into the FREE SPINS feature. The WILDS are determined via the initial two darts that land on the dartboard by pressing the 'THROW' button. The dart's position on the dartboard corresponds with the number of WILDS awarded, including the double and triple segments. FREE SPINS Once an amount of WILDS have been determined from the BONUS GAME, the FREE SPINS feature will commence, automatically playing through the awarded number of spins whilst turning any symbol at random into one of the awarded WILDS. The WILDS can replace any symbol on any reel at random throughout the FREE SPINS. Once FREE SPINS has ended, a third dart will be awarded. If the thrown dart lands in the double top 20 segment, the feature will re-trigger and if the dart lands anywhere else then the feature will end. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the highest paying symbol, unless a higher or equal win is available. The FREE SPINS bonus will play out automatically after a time out period. The RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 1/5/2018