Dr Reactive Drop Low HOW TO PLAY GRID GAME When a spin is initiated, symbols will fall into the 8x8 grid. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and disappear leaving empty spaces in the grid. Once all winning symbols have been evaluated and disappeared, symbols positioned above the empty spaces will cascade down to fill the spaces. New symbols will also fall into the grid. Any new winning combinations after a cascade will be evaluated and trigger another cascade until no more wins are awarded. Multiple wins are added together. All win amounts are shown in the game Paytable. SPIN BUTTON WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the ATOM symbol. If a WILD symbol substitutes for a DNA symbol or LIGHTNING symbol, it will pay as the respective symbol, but will not interact with the ATOM symbol. In the base game, once a WILD symbol has been used in a winning combination it will explode and disappear. If the WILD symbol is not used in a win, it will remain in place with the same multiplier during the cascades until the end of the spin. In the base game, the WILD symbol contains a multiplier between 1x and 5x. Multipliers between 2x and 5x will be shown on the WILD symbol, while a multiplier of 1x will leave the WILD symbol blank. Any WILD symbols which are included in winning combinations, will multiply the win value for each winning combination by the multiplier displayed on the WILD symbol. It is possible for a single WILD symbol to be part of multiple winning combinations during a single cascade. If a win contains multiple WILD symbols, the WILD symbols will stack and the win value will be multiplied by each WILD multiplier up to a maximum of 1000x. During FREE FALLS, multipliers which appear on WILD symbols can be 2x, 4x, 6x, 8x or 10x. During FREE FALLS, if the WILD symbol is included in a winning combination, instead of exploding and disappearing, it will remain in the grid between FREE FALLS. Each time the WILD symbol is used within one or more winning combinations during a single cascade, the wild multiplier will decrease by 2. At the end of each FREE FALL, the wild multiplier will also decrease by 2. When the multiplier reaches 2x and is not used within a winning combination, the symbol will disappear from the grid in the next FREE FALL. Upon returning to base game, any remaining WILD symbols will not carry into the next base game spin. ATOM SYMBOL The ATOM symbol reacts with the LIGHTNING symbol and DNA symbol to cause further cascades. The ATOM symbol is a bonus symbol. When an ATOM symbol is adjacent to a DNA symbol, the column and row of symbols which contain the DNA symbol will explode and disappear except for any WILD symbols. The player is awarded 1x total bet per DNA reaction. Wins from ATOM and DNA reactions are combined with any standard wins to give the total win. When an ATOM symbol is adjacent to a LIGHTNING symbol they will explode and cause a reaction that will make each instance of the lowest paying symbol across the grid disappear. This LIGHTNING reaction does not apply to the LIGHTNING, DNA, ATOM or WILD symbols. All winning combinations are evaluated before reactions occur. FREE FALLS When new symbols fall into the grid as a result of one or more winning combinations, DNA or LIGHTNING reactions, the FREE FALLS Meter is incremented by 1. If the FREE FALLS Meter reaches 5 or 6 from a single spin in the base game, 10 FREE FALLS are awarded. If the FREE FALLS Meter reaches 7 or more from a single spin in the base game, 15 FREE FALLS are awarded. If the FREE FALLS Meter reaches 5 or more from a single spin during FREE FALLS, 5 additional FREE FALLS are awarded. The FREE FALLS Meter is reset after each spin. FREE FALLS will end when there are no FREE FALLS remaining or if the maximum win has been achieved. FREE FALLS are played automatically, using the initiating stake and using the base game payouts. MEGA DROP Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. The expected return for this game is 96.11%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/19/2021