Dolphin Gold - Stellar Jackpots Stellar Jackpots-Dolphin Gold is a Bet 48, 40 lines 4x5 Reel slot game with a Free Game Bonus & a Jackpot Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on lines through at least reels 1 & 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.32% with any bet. Game Rules Play bet 48 for 40 lines & eligibility for Jackpot Bonus, (note this is the minimum allowed). BLUE DOLPHIN is WILD and substitutes for all symbols. All substituted wins are DOUBLED! Blue Dolphin Appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. GOLD DOLPHIN is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except BLUE DOLPHIN. Gold Dolphin appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in Free Games only. All prizes pay left to right, except scatters which pay any. Payouts are made according to paytable All wins on selected lines only except scatter. Highest win only on each line. Wins on different lines are added. Line wins multiplied by bet per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Free Games Feature Win up to 21 Free Games Stacks of Wild Gold Dolphins are added to reels, 2, 3, 4 and 5! Win 3, 6, 9,12,15,18 or 21 Free Games with any 6, 7,8,9,10,11 or 12 BLUE DOLPHIN symbols respectively. Free Games may be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Stellar Jackpot Rules 48 coins plays 40 lines and gives eligibility for the Stellar Jackpots Bonus. The triggering of the Stellar Jackpots Bonus is random and is not dependent on the bet size. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the multiplier bet. Bonus consists of 6 challenge levels and a Jackpot level. Higher Multiplier bets increase your chance of reaching a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. For each challenge level choose one of the remaining icons presented. Shoot icons to either reveal a prize and/or advance to the next level, or choose again. Each choice reveals either a prize, a {green up arrow} either of which advances you to the next level or a {red cross}. If {red cross} is revealed, a life is lost and another choice may be made from that level. If all 6 levels are completed successfully, you enter the Jackpot level. When in the Jackpot level, choose space ships to reveal Mini, Minor & Major. Match 3 of a kind to win that respective Jackpot. The bonus round ends if a total of 3 {red cross} are revealed, or you receive a Jackpot prize. Stellar jackpots Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Games. Major Major Major Awards the Major Jackpot Minor Minor Minor awards the Minor Jackpot Mini Mini Mini awards the Mini Jackpot How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS Lines: This game is fixed for 40 lines. BET: Adjusts the BET. The slider adjusts the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The slider increases or decreases the number of autoplays. The available of autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45 and 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 5/5/2021