Dragon Guard Jackpot Dash RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 16.15 – VERY HIGH GAME RULES This game is played at 243 ways. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels JACKPOT DASH FEATURE During the base game, a Green Gem, Pink Vial, Gold Gem Cluster, Golden Chalice, or Star Pendant overlay symbol may appear on each position on the reels. Before winning combinations are awarded, any Green Gem, Pink Vial, Gold Gem Cluster, Golden Chalice, or Star Pendant appearing in any position on reels is collected, revealing the symbol underneath. Collections persist across subsequent spins. Once 10 or more Green Gem Symbols have been collected, a jackpot of 15 times the bet total bet on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Pink Vial Symbols have been collected, a jackpot of 30 times the total bet on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Gold Gem Cluster Symbols have been collected, a jackpot of 150 times the total bet on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Golden Chalice Symbols have been collected, a jackpot of 300 times the total bet on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Star Pendant Symbols have been collected, a jackpot of 1500 times the total bet on the current spin is awarded. After any jackpots are awarded all collections are removed. Placing a bet with a different bet multiplier than the previous bet multiplier also removes all collections. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the base game, 3 Bonus Symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 10 free games. The Bonus Symbol Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Bonus Symbol Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. 3 Bonus Symbol Symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 awards 5 additional free games. Bonus Symbol Symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Bonus Symbol Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 200 free games have been played. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/9/2023