Diamond Fruits Introducing the game Diamond Fruits is a MEGACLUSTERS™ game with Fourway Reactions where winning symbols split and react, allowing up to 100 symbols to occur. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. Symbols will fly onto the game board and then come to stop, displaying the result. Megaclusters™ A MEGACLUSTERS™ slot is a symbol matching game where winning symbols split and react. Diamond Fruits is a MEGACLUSTERS™ game that begins with 5 rows and 5 columns. Each spin, between 7 and 25 of the positions on the board will contain either a single large symbol or four smaller symbols. When wins occur, each winning symbol is replaced by four smaller symbols. When wins occur with smaller symbols, according to a randomly chosen direction, smaller symbols will move in their place as new smaller symbols appear to fill available positions on the board. Reactions continue until no more wins occur. Reactions occur after all coinciding wins have been paid. Symbol Wins Wins consist of 5 or more matching symbols of any size, horizontally or vertically adjacent. Highest win paid per winning cluster. Payouts are multiplied by stake. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols. Wilds substitute for adjacent symbols only and do not pay in clusters. Wild Cannon After 3 reactions, the Wild Cannon Bonus is triggered. From 5 to 15 Wilds at random will be added to the screen. Wild Cannon Bonus also occurs during Free Spins. Free Spins After 8 reactions in the base game, 8 Free Spins are awarded, plus one for each reaction after the eighth. During each Free Spin, at least 11 of the positions on the board will be populated. There is a Free Spins Win Multiplier that starts at one and increases by one after every reaction. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. After 8 reactions in a Free Spin, 3 additional Free Spins are awarded, plus one for each reaction after the eighth. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.23%. In the event of an interruption during the presentation of a result (for example, due loss of connectivity), the correct value of any winnings for that result will be credited to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: • The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. • The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. Last modification date: 3/30/2022