Dragon Spin Crosslink Water DRAGON SPIN FEATURE During the base game, each CROSSLINK that lands will be collected by that reel's bag for the current bet level, and that bag may change appearance. During the base game, 1 or more scattered CROSSLINK may also trigger the Dragon Spin Feature. CROSSLINK symbols landing in a reel position are locked into place for the duration of the feature. If any WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL land, the Dragon Spin Feature cannot be triggered on the current spin. Each reel will be assigned a value depending on the appearance of the bag above it, according to the table. At the beginning of the feature, the water dragon may also increase the values on each reel. Bag Appearance Possible Values 0.5x - 2.25x bet multiplier 2.75x - 4.25x bet multiplier 4.25x - 5.75x bet multiplier 5.75x - 8.75x bet multiplier 8.75x - 15x bet multiplier When the Dragon Spin is awarded on a base game spin, each row will randomly be assigned a multiplier of 1-10x. Dragon Spins are awarded until a total of 1-5 additional CROSSLINK and up to 1 JACKPOT REEL have been placed on screen and then each CROSSLINK will award the credit value of its reel multiplied by the multiplier of its row. If JACKPOT REEL appears on a reel, it will award a MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI prize, multiplied by the multiplier of the row the JACKPOT REEL is on. An alternate set of reels is used during the Dragon Spin Feature. Symbols other than CROSSLINK and JACKPOT REEL on those reels are not evaluated. PAYS Paytable reflects current bet configuration. All line pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are in addition to line pays. Scatter pays are only awarded when Free Spins are triggered during a base game spin. The PEARL scatter symbols display a bet multiplier value of x0.5 - x75. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, 5 or more scattered WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL triggers the Free Spins Bonus. Each bag above the reel will be assigned the combination of the values of the WHITE PEARL and/or GOLD PEARL. When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, any reel without a WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL will be assigned a value of 1x. The number of free spins awarded is equal to the number of WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL on the reels. Upon trigger, after 2 minutes of inactivity, the Free Spins Bonus will be started automatically. Each row will be assigned a multiplier equal to the total number of GOLD PEARL symbols on that row. During the Free Spins Bonus, each GOLD PEARL that lands will add the associated bet multiplier to the shown bet multiplier to the bag above the reel, and the multiplier associated to the row. WHITE PEARL and GOLD PEARL values are not awarded during the Free Spins. Instead, the values are added to the state of their respective column and/or row. WHITE PEARL symbols do not appear during Free Spins. After the final free spin, the Dragon Spin Feature occurs. Any CROSSLINK landing on the reel array will award the bet multiplier value above the reel, multiplied by the multiplier on the right of the associated row. If JACKPOT REEL appears on a reel, it will award a MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI prize, multiplied by the value displayed in the associated row to the right of the array. Only CROSSLINK and JACKPOT REEL are evaluated during the Dragon Spin Feature. Free Spins may not be retriggered. Alternate sets of reels are used during the Free Spins Bonus. GAME RULES Only the highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94.05%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/29/2024