Detroit Lions QB Blast Lucky Tap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games oﬀering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re- load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.68%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Multi plier Feature If 10 or fewer prizes are awarded on any winning play, the Multi plier Feature may randomly be activated. If the Multi plier Feature is activated, a Random Multi plier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear. All Currency Wins will be multi plied by the Random Multiplier. Pick Bonus The Pick Bonus is awarded if all 3 targets in are awarded on a winning play. During the Pick Bonus, the player makes random selections to determine how many Free Games are awarded and what multi plier is active during Free Games. The player picks random targets until 3 matching awards are selected. Wins A winning play occurs when the football hits a target. 3 to 14 prizes are awarded on a winning play, plus a chance to trigger the Pick Bonus if all 3targets in are awarded. Multiplier Feature If 10 or fewer prizes are awarded on any winning play, the Multi plier Feature may randomly be activated. If the Multi plier Feature is activated, a Random Multi plier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear. All Currency Wins will be multi plied by the Random Multi plier. Pick Bonus The Pick Bonus is awarded if all 3 targets in are awarded on a winning play. During the Pick Bonus, the player makes random selections to determine how many Free Games are awarded and what multi plier is active during Free Games. The player picks random targets until 3 matching awards are selected. Last modification date: 1/27/2023