Danger High Voltage Introducing the game Danger High Voltage is a six-reel video slot featuring up to 4096 Ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from left most reel, except SCATTER which pays any. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild Fire and Wild Electricity substitute for all symbols except Scatter. All wins are multiplied by 6 for every Wild Electricity that substitutes in the win. Wild Fire and Wilt Electricity occur on Reels 2 to 5 only. Scatter Three or more Scatter Symbols (see pays) triggers the Bonus. The Bonus enables a choice between two features. Once a choice I made the feature will play out automatically. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. Scatter wins are added to wins. Choice 1 – High Voltage Free Spins Bonus awards 15 Free Spins plus Full Reel Wilds that can pay up to x66 on adjacent wins. Free Spins can be re-triggered with three or more Scatters. Wild multiplies all pays except scatter. Choice 2 – Gates of Hell Free Spins Bonus awards 7 Free Spins. A random symbol is selected to become a Sticky Wild for the duration of the Bonus on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Four Sticky Wilds in a reel awards 3 extra Free Spins up to a total fof 19 Free Spins. General Information This game has a RTP of 95.97%-96.22% Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021