Dragon Drop Dragon Drop is a 5 reel slot game with a Dropping Dragon feature and Sticky Dragon Feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.23%. GAME RULES Play 1 to 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins pay from Left to Right on selected lines only except SCATTERED EGG which pays any DRAGON appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERED EGG Prize is DOUBLED if one or more DRAGON substitute in a winning combination DROPPING DRAGONS During any game a Dragon may drop in and turn a symbol into a DRAGON symbol Winning combinations are paid after the DRAGON substitutes STICKY DRAGON FEATURE 8 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more SCATTERED EGG appear All wins during Free Games are DOUBLED Any DRAGON that appear are held in place for remaining free games Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Games Feature cannot be retriggered GAMBLE FEATURE (IF APPLICABLE) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT. Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct. Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct. Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times. Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled. HOW TO PLAY The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021