Doctor Love on Vacation Game Rules Play 1 to 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered LOVE METER All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered LOVE METER which pay any DR LOVE substitutes for all symbols except scattered LOVE METER Free Games Feature A Free Game Feature is awarded when 3, 4 or 5 scattered LOVE METER appear 10 Free Games are awarded for 3 scattered LOVE METER 15 Free Games are awarded for 4 scattered LOVE METER 20 Free Games are awarded for 5 scattered LOVE METER All prizes during the Free Games are TRIPLED The Free Games feature can be re-triggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (-) and (+) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP The Theoretical return to player is 95.42%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020