Drop and Lock Deep Sea Magic How to Play WINLINES This game contains 50 Winlines All line win amounts are shown in the game Paytable Only the highest win is paid on each line played. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Wins that occur on all lines played are added to the total win. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. All awards shown are per symbol, per winning line. WILD The Mermaid symbol is wild and can appear single, double or triple in height. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in both the base game and Free Spins. Mermaid symbols substitute for all symbols except Crystal Ball and Pyramid symbols. FREE SPINS The Pyramid symbol is a scatter symbol which appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Landing one or more Pyramid symbols on all three reels in a single spin will award 6 Free Spins.The initial Free Spins trigger from the base game awards a scatter win of 5x total bet. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. When Free Spins are awarded, a multiplier will also be added to a MULTIPLIER box above the reels, which is equivalent to the number of Pyramid symbols which triggered the feature. The multiplier will be applied to any winning combinations awarded. Landing one or more Pyramid symbols on all three reels within Free Spins will award an additional six Free Spins. When additional Free Spins are awarded, the new multiplier will be applied when the existing Free Spins/previous multiplier have been completed. When additional Free Spins are awarded, a scatter win is awarded equal to 5x total bet multiplied by the current Free Spins multiplier. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins are played automatically. The feature ends when there are no Free Spins remaining, or the maximum win has been achieved. DROP & LOCK™ Crystal Ball symbols are scatter symbols. Land three or more of either symbol type in the same row to trigger the DROP & LOCK™ feature. It is not possible to trigger both the DROP & LOCK™ feature and the Free Spins feature from the same base game spin. Crystal Ball symbols contain cash values, which can be awarded only within the DROP & LOCK™ feature. The cash values on the Blue Crystal Ball symbols are less than or equal to 2x total bet. The cash values on the Orange Crystal Ball symbols are more than 2x total bet.A complete row of 5 Crystal Ball symbols will award a payout equal to the total across all the Crystal Balls in the row. Three initial spins are awarded when the feature is triggered. For every spin where there is one or more completed row of Crystal Ball symbols, the number of spins remaining will reset to three. In the DROP & LOCK™ feature, once Crystal Ball symbols land on the reels, they will drop to the lowest space not already occupied by a Crystal Ball symbol. Crystal Ball symbols will lock in place between spins. Landing multiple complete rows in the same spin will multiply the total cash amount in the winning Crystal Balls by the number of completed rows. The DROP & LOCK™ feature is played with the same total bet as the base game which triggered the feature. If the DROP & LOCK™ feature is triggered from within Free Spins, the Free Spins multiplier will not be applied to the DROP & LOCK™ payouts. If the DROP & LOCK™ feature is triggered from within the Free Spins feature, it will be played immediately. The game will return to the Free Spins feature after the DROP & LOCK™ feature has been completed. The DROP & LOCK™ feature is played automatically. The feature ends when there are no spins remaining, or the maximum win has been achieved. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 96.01%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019, 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/29/2021