Donny Dough ABOUT THE GAME Step right up! It’s time to play with Donny Dough! He’s got the dough, if you’ve got the luck! This 5-reel, 4 row game is full of gold, jewels and multipliers. Take on the 14 different paylines and the brand new LOOTLINES mechanic to really make it rain! The maximum win in this game is 10,000 times your bet and can be achieved in all game modes! FEATURES LOOTLINES When you see the Multi-Dough symbol with Donny’s happy face on the grid, it means that there is a chance for big rewards. There are four versions of the Multi-Dough symbols that can land with one of the following values: Adding Multi-Dough symbol: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x Revealing adding Multi-Dough symbol: 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x Multiplying Multi-Dough symbol: x2, x3, x4, x5 Revealing multiplying Multi-Dough symbol: x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x15, x20, x25 Revealing Multi-Dough symbols land with a question mark on the symbol, and then reveal their value. When there is a winning payline of Multi-Dough symbols on the grid, the payout of the payline will be determined by the values of the Multi-Dough symbols that are a part of the win. The values will be applied from left to right. Multiplying multipliers that appears on the left-most reel will be treated as Adding multipliers. For example, a winning payline that consists of four Multi-Dough symbols with the values x3, 4x, 1x and x2 will have a final payout of (3+4+1)*2=16x. The resulting value is then multiplied with your bet to form the win. STICKY DOUGH BONUS Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this feature, all Multi-Dough symbols are sticky until they are part of a winning payline. The Multi-Dough symbols that are a part of a winning payline are removed on the next spin. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. STRIKE GOLD BONUS Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. When there is a winning payline of Multi-Dough symbols on the grid, a light bulb is lit above all the reels that were a part of the win. One light bulb is lit on each reel for each Multi-Dough symbol on that reel that was a part of a win. A maximum of four light bulbs can be lit at the same time. When a Donny’s Hat symbol lands on the grid, it will trigger a re-spin if any light bulbs above the reels are lit. During the re-spin, a number of Multi-Dough symbols equal to the number of lit light bulbs above each reel will appear at random positions on the respective reels, potentially creating even more payline wins! A Donny’s Hat symbol is guaranteed to land on the last spin of the feature. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. RTP - 95.32% ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/26/2025