Dragon Spin The objective of the game is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE Click the STAKE button to choose your stake. LINES This meter displays the number of lines being played. All lines are always in play. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the “SPIN” (the button showing an arrow) button to start your game. AUTOPLAY If this game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a number of spins to be played out autonomously, without any further player input. All necessary options, as determined by jurisdictional requirements, need to be configured by the player prior to setting AUTOPLAY in motion. To begin AUTOPLAY, select the AUTOPLAY button from the game screen. Once the AUTOPLAY menu has opened, the player will configure AUTOPLAY to their desired specifications. The selection “NUMBER OF AUTOSPINS” will determine the number of spins to be played automatically. When the spins configured by the player’s selection in “NUMBER OF AUTOSPINS” are completed, AUTOPLAY will stop. In certain jurisdictions, players will be required to set the options “STOP WHEN LOST MORE THAN …” and “STOP ON A SINGLE WIN OVER …” in addition to the desired number of spins played automatically. The selection “STOP WHEN LOST MORE THAN …” will stop AUTOPLAY after a player has lost the total amount selected. The selection “STOP ON A SINGLE WIN OVER …” will stop AUTOPLAY after a player has won the total amount selected on a single spin. AUTOPLAY will stop when the conditions met in any of “NUMBER OF AUTOSPINS”, “STOP WHEN LOST MORE THAN …”, and/or “STOP ON A SINGLE WIN OVER …” are met. Once the player has configured AUTOPLAY to their desired specifications, they will select the START button, which will set the reels into motion. At any time after this point, the player can select the STOP button to stop the remaining AUTOPLAY spins. Once stopped, AUTOPLAY will need to be reconfigured through the AUTOPLAY menu in order to take advantage of this feature. The player can exit the AUTOPLAY menu at any time by selecting the CANCEL button. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. PAYS All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest win paid per line played. Only highest scatter win of each like symbol paid per play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. One or more WILD in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all available symbols except BONUS. Mystery Stacked Reels Each reel contains stacked mystery symbol positions that are replaced with one of two or three randomly chosen symbols when the reel spin is initiated. All mystery symbol positions on each individual reel are replaced with the same symbol per spin. Mystery symbol positions may be replaced with any available symbol except BONUS. WILD is available with the Mystery Stack Reels only. Dragon Spin Bonus Feature 3 scattered BONUS on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus Feature. One spin of the Dragon Spin Wheel is awarded. If the wheel stops on RAINING WILDS the Raining Wilds Free Games will start and the Dragon Spin Bonus ends. If the wheel stops on REEL BLAST the Reel Blast Free Games will start and the Dragon Spin Bonus ends. If the wheel stops on PERSISTING WILDS the Persisting Wilds Free Games will start and the Dragon Spin Bonus ends. During the base game, BONUS is available on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Raining Wilds Free Games If Raining Wilds Free Games are started, 5 free games are awarded. During Raining Wilds Free Games, at the start of each spin, 3 to 10 WILD will randomly be awarded on the reels. Awarded WILD are held in place until the reels stop spinning and all winning combinations are evaluated and paid. All free games are played with the line bet that were in play when the free games were started. Additional free games are not awarded during Raining Wilds Free Games. The free games end when no free games remain. The Raining Wilds Free Games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. During the free games, all mystery symbol positions are replaced with one of the available symbols, except WILD, per spin when the reel spin is initiated. BONUS is not available during the Raining Wilds Free Games. Persisting Wilds Free Games If Persisting Wilds Free Games are started, 5 free games are awarded. During the Persisting Wilds Free Games, any PERSISTING WILD appearing during the free games is locked into position and stays in the window at that position until the Free Games Bonus Feature is over. Persisting Wilds may randomly be awarded as follows: The first free game may randomly award 1 to 2 PERSISTING WILD. The second free game may randomly award 1 to 2 PERSISTING WILD. The third free game may randomly award 1 to 2 PERSISTING WILD. The fourth free game may randomly award 1 to 3 PERSISTING WILD. The final free game may randomly award 2 to 7 PERSISTING WILD. One or more PERSISTING WILD in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all available symbols. All free games are played with the line bets that were in play when the free games were started. Additional free games are not awarded during Persisting Wilds Free Games. The free games end when no free games remain. The Persisting Wilds Free Games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. During the free games, all mystery symbol positions are replaced with one of the available symbols, except PERSISTING WILD, per spin when the reel spin is initiated. BONUS and WILD are not available during the Persisting Wilds Free Games. PERSISTING WILD is available during the Persisting Wilds Free Games only. Reel Blast Free Games If Reel Blast Free Games are started, 5 free games are awarded. All free games are played on 3 reel sets with a shared Reel Blast center reel. The active paylines on each reel set correspond to the paylines that were active when the Reel Blast Free Games were started. All free games are played with the bet per line that was in play when the Reel Blast Free Games were started. The Reel Blast center reel covers reels 2, 3, and 4 on all 3 reel sets. The symbol appearing on the Reel Blast center reel for a reel set counts as the indicated symbol for all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 of that reel set. Additional free games are not awarded during the Reel Blast Free Games. The Reel Blast Free Games end when no free games remain. The Reel Blast Free Games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. During the free games, all mystery symbol positions are replaced with the same symbol per spin when the reel spin is initiated. BONUS is not available during the Reel Blast Free Games. Reel Blast Paylines - Portrait Reel Blast Paylines - Landscape All pays are adjacent on an active pattern as displayed in Reel blast paylines (portrait and landscape). A Pattern consists of a set of 5 or 4 or 3 like symbols connected horizontally or vertically as described in Reel blast payline tables. All Pattern pays are left to right starting with leftmost position in Portrait mode and top to bottom starting with the topmost positions in Landscape mode. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.94% Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021