Diamond Multiplier Respin Introduction Diamond Multiplier Respin™ is an electrifying 3x3 reels slot with 9 paylines. The game offers stacked Wild Multipliers, an exciting Respin Feature, and a Free Spins bonus round that will keep you on the edge of your seat!!! How to Play Diamond Multiplier Respin™ is played with 9 paylines always active. Select your desired bet using the stake menu window. Your ‘line bet’ is calculated by taking your total stake and dividing it by 9. Winning Payouts The Paytable, showing payouts for winning symbol combinations, is accessed by clicking the ‘i’ symbol on the game menu. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be on consecutive reels along a payline. Winning combination prizes are calculated by multiplying the winning combination payout by your line bet. If more than 1 payline has a winning combination, the winnings from all paylines are added together to give your total win amount. Only the highest winning combination is paid in a winning payline. Total win amounts, and all individual payline wins, are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a pop-up opens displaying the total amount you have won. Diamond Wild Multipliers Diamond symbols are Wilds with a win multiplier, they can replace any symbol except for the Free Spin scatter symbol. Diamond Wild symbols that appear on reels 1 and 3 have a 2x win multiplier. Diamond Wilds that appear on reel 2 are stacked Wilds where the win multiplier value can be from 2x upto 5x. Any winning payline combination that has multiple Diamond Wild Mulipliers will see the winning combination payout multiplied by all the Wild multipliers on that payline to calculate the total win. Respin Feature Any spin with one or more Diamond Wild symbols which does NOT produce a winning combination will automatically trigger the Respin feature. Each Diamond Wild symbol on screen will lock in place, and all other symbols will respin. The Respin feature does not retrigger. If the respin fails to produce a win, the game is over. Free Spins Bonus Round Three scattered Free Spins symbols landing on the screen will trigger the Free Spins bonus round which awards 10 Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same line bet of the game that triggered the Free Spins bonus round. The Respin feature is active during Free Spins, and Respins do not diminish the number of Free Spins remaining. If you hit three scattered Free Spins symbols during the Free Spins bonus round you will be awarded an additional 10 Free Spins to the Free Spins counter. Scattered Free Spins symbols do not award any prize themselves. Terms and Return to Player In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chance of winning the top award on the next play is exactly the same. Likewise, prior game losses do not influence or change future games in any way. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/14/2024