Dangerous Beauty Power Bet RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: MEDIUM GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reels Only the highest win is paid to each line Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Wild, High Pay 1, High Pay 2, High Pay 3, High Pay 4, High Pay 5, Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, Low Pay 3, Low Pay 4, Low Pay 5, Free Games Bonus All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS Free Games Bonus symbol appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Bonus The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Free Games Wild, Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2, Free Games High Pay 3, Free Games High Pay 4, Free Games High Pay 5, Free Games Low Pay 1, Free Games Low Pay 2, Free Games Low Pay 3, Free Games Low Pay 4, Free Games Low Pay 5 All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol. POWER BET Only one Power Bet may be active at a time. The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. A stack of Wild Symbols may appear on any number of reels. Each reel where a stack appears, the Wild Symbols symbol will replace all symbols on the reel except for the Bonus Symbols symbol. A Bonus Symbols symbol will transform into a Wild Bonus Symbols symbol. The Wild Bonus Symbols symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols including Bonus Symbols for purposes of triggering the bonus. Wild Bonus Symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. When landing in a highlighted reel area, all Wild Symbols, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, and High Pay Symbol 5 symbols will transform into split symbols Double Wild Symbol, Double High Pay Symbol 1, Double High Pay Symbol 2, Double High Pay Symbol 3, Double High Pay Symbol 4, and Double High Pay Symbol 5 respectively. The base and bonus paytables remain the same for 3, 4, and 5 of a kind. 1 Double Wild symbol is Wild and substitutes for 2 Wild Symbols, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, High Pay Symbol 5, Low Pay Symbol 1, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 2, or Low Pay Symbol 2 symbols. 1 Double High Pay Symbol 1 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay Symbol 1 symbols. 1 Double High Pay Symbol 2 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay Symbol 2 symbols. 1 Double High Pay Symbol 3 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay Symbol 3 symbols. 1 Double High Pay Symbol 4 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay Symbol 4 symbols. 1 Double High Pay Symbol 5 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay Symbol 5 symbols. Last modification date: 7/25/2023