Dave Lame: Bad Magician Special Symbols The WILD symbol appears on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. The BONUS symbol is a scatter symbol which can only land on reel 1,3 and 5 in the base game and Sawing a Reel in Half Feature. The TAP symbol only appears on reel 5 in Escapology Free Spins. The JOKER symbol only appears on reel 5 in Card Trick Free Spins. The CARD MULTIPLIER symbol is a scatter symbol, and only appears in Card Trick Free Spins. Dave Lame's Disappearing Act During the base game, there is a chance that Dave Lame will appear on both sides of the reels. If this happens, then win lines pay from left to right and from right to left for between 2-5 respins. For right to left pays, Line pays must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the far right reel. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Bonus Entry During the base game, land 3 BONUS symbols to trigger the PICK A POT feature. This will reveal a random Bonus feature. Bonus features, in order of lowest paying to highest paying, are: Knife Throw, Rabbits out of Dave's Hat, Card Trick, Escapology Act, and Sawing a Reel in Half. There is the option to COLLECT or GAMBLE during the PICK A POT feature. Gambling allows the player to move either up or down the feature list. The Sawing a Reel in Half feature cannot be gambled, as it is the highest paying feature. If a gamble includes a cup that contains a consolation prize, (10x to 15x total bet) and the player picks that cup, the consolation prize is awarded, and the gamble feature ends. Knife Throw Win this feature from the PICK A POT feature. Select 3 of the 10 balloons on the wheel, Dave Lame will throw a knife at each of these balloons to reveal a multiplier - (x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x20, x30, x50). All the multipliers are added together and applied to the total bet. Rabbits out of Dave's Hat Win this feature from the PICK A POT feature to be awarded 6 Free Spins. Each spin, rabbits and doves will leap out of the hat and replace symbols on the reels with the WILD symbol. Free Spins will end when there are no free spins remaining. Card Trick Win this feature from the PICK A POT feature to be awarded 6 Free Spins. Before the CARD TRICK feature starts, the player picks one of 5 available multipliers – 2x, 5x, 8x, 10x or 25x.” Any CARD MULTIPLIER symbol which lands on the reels will remain on the reel set until the end of the feature. At the end of the feature, all the multipliers on the reels will be added together and the total multiplier will be applied to the total bet. Each JOKER symbol which lands on reel 5 will award an “Is this your card?” modifier. If Dave Lame reveals the same multiplier the player chose, then the multiplier will be increased by the original value. If the multiplier revealed is not the same, then 1,2 or 3 additional Free Spins will be awarded. Free Spins will end if CARD MULTIPLIER symbols fill the reels. Free Spins will end when there are no free spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Escapology Act Win this feature from the PICK A POT feature to be awarded unlimited Free Spins. Each TAP symbol that lands on reel 5 will add an extra row to the bottom of the existing reel set. This will add an additional 10 pay lines and increment the win multiplier. The multipliers apply from the next spin and the extra pay lines are applied on the current spin. Free Spins will end once the reel set has increased 6 rows, to a total of 9 rows. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Sawing a Reel in Half Win this feature from the PICK A POT feature to be awarded 8 Free Spins. Before this feature begins, Dave Lame cuts the reels into either 2, 3 or 4 separate reel sets. During Sawing a Reel in Half, any WILD symbol that lands will transfer onto all other reel sets. Land 3 BONUS symbols on a reel set to be awarded 2 additional Free Spins. Free Spins will end when there are no free spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250.000,00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 96.10%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/27/2022