Dragon Power Dragon Power is a 3x5 50 line slot game with two triggered features and 1 random triggered feature. The chase begins when a player lands 6 blue power orbs which will lead to the Dragon Power Feature. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.7% Dragon Power Feature Rules (Page 01) 6 or more (Blue) or (Gold respin symbols) activates Respin Feature. 3 Respins are awarded. If one or more additional (Blue respin symbol) appears, the number of RESPINS is reset to 3. The DRAGON POWER FEATURE ends when either no RESPINS remain or all the positions are (Blue orb) or (Gold orb). All prizes on (Blue Orb) and (Gold Orb) are awarded. (Page 02) If all positions are (Blue Orb) or (Gold Orb) the GRAND is awarded. Golden Orb Feature Rules Randomly in a base game spin, the middle reel will turn to all (Gold Orbs). All (Gold Orbs) act as both (wild symbol) and (Blue orb). Free Games Feature Rules Any 3, 4 or 5 [SCATTER] starting with the leftmost reel on adjacent reels awards 8, 15 or 25 free games respectively. During any free spin, all wins for a spin are multiplied by either 2,3,5,8,10,20, or 25. Credits bet are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Free spins can be retriggered with 3, 4 or 5 scatters. Game Rules All line wins pay from left to right only, starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only highest scatter win paid per play. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. All wins are multiplied by the best multiplier, except jackpot wins. All wins are shown in credits, except jackpot wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. STOP: Stop the reels HOME: Accesses casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options CASHIER: Accesses to cash out Men Continue: During free games, this button when appears allow players to skip to the next free game. BET: Adjusts the BET. The UP/DOWN buttons adjust the BET up or down. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: BET: Move the slider Left or right to adjust the BET you want to play HOME: Accesses casino menu AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance. Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Last modification date: 2/3/2021