Desperados Wild Megaways 1 Introduction Desperados Wild is a megaways slot game with up to 117649 ways to win, featuring pick your Free Spins bonus Bonus Buy, Bonus Top Up and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with up to 117649 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The Extra Reel adds an extra symbol to reels 2,3,4 and 5. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus 4 Features 4.1 Cascade During the base game and sunset free spins every winning symbol is part of a cascade. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. 4.2 Free Spins During the base game 4 or more scatters anywhere in view awards the bonus. When free spins are awarded the player is presented with a selection between two bonus games Sunset Free Spins or Jail House Free Spins. 4.3 Sunset Free Spins 4 bonus symbols 8 free spins Every extra bonus symbol adds +2 Free spins up to a maximum of 76. Each winning cascade increases the unlimited multiplier by +1 Winning symbol combination pays are multiplied by the current multiplier at the start of the cascade. During sunset free spins scatter symbols only appear in the Extra Reel 3 Scatters landing in view during the sunset free spins awards 5 additional free spins 4 Scatters landing in view during the sunset free spins awards 10 additional free spins 4.4 Jail House Free Spins 4 bonus symbols 12 free spins Every extra bonus symbol adds +2 Free spins up to a maximum of 80. During Jail House Free Spins all wilds that land in view drop to the bottom of the reel and lock in for the remainder of the feature. When a Wild symbol locks in, it also locks the megaways on that reel. When multiple wilds lock in they merge, the multiplier on the symbol indicates how many wilds have been locked in. If the player fills a reel with locked wilds they are awarded an additional 5 free spins. 4.5 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the bonus feature. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 scatter symbols to land in view. Bonus Buy is purchased for 100x the current stake. Feature awards are determined by the current stake. 4.6 Bonus Top Up Bonus Top Up allows the player to enhance the bonus feature. The top up wheel allows the player to risk the current bonus entry for a chance to win an upgraded bonus or a mystery cash prize. Purchasing an upgrade guarantees that the bonus will be upgraded. Bonus Top Up is purchased for a multiple of the current stake. Feature awards are determined by the current base stake. 4.7 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero.Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an inidual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 96.49% depending on selection strategy. The best strategy is to collect SUNSET FREE SPINS with 4 scatters and JAIL HOUSE FREE SPINS with 5 or more. The expected payback for an inidual game cycle in the Bonus Buy mode is 96.51% depending on selection strategy. The best strategy is to collect SUNSET FREE SPINS with 4 scatters and JAIL HOUSE FREE SPINS with 5 or 6Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The expected payback for the Bonus Top Up is between 96.41% and 96.58%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/17/2021