Densho ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to the enchanting world of Densho, where beautiful depictions of the natural world will accompany you on your mission to shape your legacy. Densho is a 5-reel, 4-row paylines game featuring a wild Multiplier Reel mechanic and an exciting bonus game with progressively increasing multiplier values for the Multiplier Reels! The max win in this game is 10,000 times your bet! The max win can be reached in the base game, Free Spins and Super Free Spins game modes.Malfunction void all pays and plays. FEATURES WILD MULTIPLIER REELS When a Densho symbol lands, it expands into a Multiplier Reel if the expanded reel would be part of at least one winning combination once expanded. Multiplier Reels are wild and substitute for all other paying symbols, and apply a multiplier to each winning combination they are part of. If a winning combination includes more than one Multiplier Reel, their multipliers are added together before being applied to the win. The multiplier value on each Multiplier Reel is determined by the quality of the Densho symbol that created it: The possible multiplier values from the Common Densho symbol are: 2x - 10x The possible multiplier values from the Rare Densho symbol are: 5x - 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x The possible multiplier values from the Legendary Densho symbol are: 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x Each reel can land only one Densho symbol at once. FREE SPINS Get 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 10 free spins. In this bonus game there are progression trackers above each reel. The level of each progression tracker indicates the lowest possible quality of Densho symbol that can land on that reel. Land Upgrade symbols to level up the progression tracker of the corresponding reel! As the minimum quality of Densho symbols increase, so do the minimum multiplier values on the Multiplier Reels. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the bonus game awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols awards 4 extra spins. SUPER FREE SPINS Get 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 10 free spins. This bonus game follows the rules for Free Spins above. In this version of the bonus game, progression trackers start at level 2. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the bonus game awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols awards 4 extra spins. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for other paying symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 10. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/9/2025