Diamond Tower Diamond Tower is a 5 reel slot game with a Hold N Spin and Break In Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 97.04% with any bet. GAME RULES Malfunctions void all pays and plays. All pays left to right on consecutive reels, starting with the leftmost reel. All symbols pay once in any position on the reel, except substituted wins which may pay multiple times. The won field displays winnings in credits. There are 1,024 ways to win. Clicking SPIN or space bar (Flash only) repeats the last bet. Players can select multiplier bets (1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x). Paytable amounts initially displayed are based on the current Multiplier selected. Bonus wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS. The Wild symbol only appears on the 2nd and 4th reels. All prizes are multiplied by the Multiplier selected. Higher credit denominations: 1K=1,000, 1M=1,000,000, 1B=1,000,000,000. Hold n Spin 2, 3 or 4 bonus symbols starting from the left most reel on adjacent reels trigger Hold n Spin. Paying BONUS symbols change to PADLOCK covering the the entire reel for the remaining Hold n Spin phase. The remaining reels are spun up to 3 times. If you improve by locking another BONUS, your Hold N Spins are reset to 3. Any further BONUS symbols appearing are "LOCKED IN" until all 5 reels are "LOCKED IN" or Hold n Spins are completed. Locking in 5 reels starts the Break-In Bonus. Break-In Bonus 5 BONUS / PADLOCK triggers the "Break-In Bonus". Pick a door from the highlighted row. You will reveal either a DIAMOND or a SIREN. The DIAMOND moves you up to a higher level. The SIREN ends picks and you win the Free Games and Multiplier for that respective level. Free Games are played at the same Multiplier Bet as the triggering game. Bonus can be retriggered during the Free Games. Retriggered bonuses are queued and played at the end of the Free Game series. Different Reels are used during Free Games. 6 Free Games x2 can be won. 6 Free Games x3 can be won. 7 Free Games x4 can be won. 8 Free Games x5 can be won. 10 Free Games x6 can be won. 11 Free Games x7 can be won. 12 Free Games x8 can be won. Auto Spin In jurisdictions where this feature is available, you can have your bet repeated for 5, 10, 20, 30 or 50 spins. Autospin is deactivated after bonus or feature Autospin must be reactivated after a big win, feature or bonus Press and hold the spin button to activate the autospin function or access Auto spin from the Game settings menu. How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the Game Settings. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Stake: The total wager staked. It consists of the Credit Value multiplied by the number of credits per multiplier bet selected. MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN : Spins the reels AUTOSPIN : When more than zero AUTOSPINs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOSPINs that will be played. Tip! Press and hold the spin button to quickly enable Auto Spins. STOP AUTOSPIN : Once autospin begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOSPIN button and the number of AUTOSPINs remaining will be displayed in the SPIN button. MENU : Accesses the Game Settings, Paytable, Gaming Guide and Sound. GAME SETTINGS: CREDIT VALUE : Select Credit Value. CREDITS PER MULTIPLIER BET : Adjusts the CREDITS PER MULTIPLIER BET. Select the value of your choice. AUTOSPIN : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the value of your choice for the number of autospins. The available autospins are 20, 40, 60, 80, 100. P AYTABLE : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. GAMING GUIDE : Access the rules for the game. SOUND : Turn Sound On/Off. Last modification date: 12/29/2021