Duel at Dawn ABOUT THE GAME Howdy, partner! Grab your hat, lasso and horse and join the posse! It’s time to have those bandits shakin’ in them boots in this 5-reel, 5-row game with paylines, DuelReels™ and the Outlaw feature. The max win of 15,000 times your bet can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES DUELREELS™ When a VS symbol lands it will expand into a wild DuelReel if it would be part of a winning combination once expanded. After expanding, the DuelReel will cover the entire reel and a duel will take place on the reel. Each DuelReel will have two multipliers, connected to the duelists The Outlaw and The Sheriff. The surviving duelists multiplier will be applied across the entire reel and affects any winning combinations that includes the DuelReel. All expanded DuelReel positions count as WILD symbols The possible multiplier values for DuelReels™ are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 200x If more than one DuelReels™ are part of the same winning combination, their multipliers are added together before being applied to the win. Only 1 VS symbol can land on a reel at a time. THE OUTLAW FEATURE When an Outlaw symbol lands, it will expand into a full wild Outlaw reel and show a revolver with 1-6 bullets in its chambers. The number of bullets in the revolver represents the number of Wild symbols that the Outlaw will shoot onto the grid. If more than one Outlaw is on the grid at the same time, they cannot shoot multiple Wild symbols onto the same positions on the grid, nor can they shoot at each other. A maximum of 2 Outlaw symbols can appear on one spin, and only 1 Outlaw symbol can land on a reel at a time. Each Outlaw reel will also have a multiplier that can be one of the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 200x. The multiplier affects any winning combination that includes the Outlaw reel. If more than one Outlaw reels are part of the same winning combination, their multipliers are added together before being applied to the win. WILD WILD WEST Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the WILD WILD WEST bonus feature with 10 free spins. This bonus feature maintains the mechanics of the base game with an increased chance of getting high-value multipliers on DuelReels™ and Outlaw reels! There is also an increased chance of landing VS symbols and Outlaw symbols! Landing additional FS symbols during the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 additional spins, 3 FS symbols award 4 additional spins. DUSK ‘TIL DAWN Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the DUSK ‘TIL DAWN bonus feature with 10 free spins. This bonus feature offers the chance of earning 4 DuelSpins with guaranteed VS symbols! You unlock each DuelSpin by landing Outlaw symbols and shooting a full revolver of 6 Wild symbols onto the grid. Each DuelSpin is awarded immediately after the free spin where you unlocked it and does not count towards your number of free spins in the bonus. No more than 2 DuelSpins can be unlocked in one spin; if more than one are unlocked in the same spin, they are awarded in sequence before proceeding to the next free spin. Each subsequent DuelSpin awards more guaranteed VS symbols: The first DuelSpin guarantees at least 2 VS symbols; The second DuelSpin guarantees at least 3 VS symbols; The third DuelSpin guarantees at least 4 VS symbols; The fourth DuelSpin guarantees that 5 VS symbols land! Each unlocked DuelSpin also awards 3 additional free spins. VS symbols do not appear in this bonus except during DuelSpins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.3%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. A VS symbol and an Outlaw symbol can never land at the same time. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.32%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying DEADLY DUELS FEATURESPINS™ is 96.35%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying LONE OUTLAW FEATURESPINS™ is 96.31%. For full information about this feature, see the section above.The RTP when buying WILD WILD WEST is 96.31%. For full information about this feature, see the section above.The RTP when buying DUSK ‘TIL DAWN is 96.3%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 15,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device Last modification date: 2/26/2025