DJ Wild Untitled Document Game Rules DJ WÏLD is a 5 reel video slot with 10 winlines paid both ways. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Keep the Spin button pressed and select the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. A winning combination needs to have at least one non-wild symbol. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in settings. The DJ WÏLD symbol is replaced with an expanding Wild on hit and triggers one respin. More DJ WÏLD symbols are added to the reel 1, 2, 4 and 5 on each respin. Multiple DJ WÏLD symbols hitting on the same spin adds more DJ WÏLD symbols to the next respin and trigger one respin. The DJ WÏLD is randomly replaced with Smoke, Fire, Confetti, Strobe or Lazer Wilds. Smoke, Fire and Confetti Wilds expand vertically on the reel they hit to cover 3 symbols. Strobe and Lazer Wilds expand horizontally to cover 2 symbols. Hits on reel 1 expand to reel 2 and vice versa. Hits on reel 4 expand to reel 5 and vice versa. There are no Wild symbols on reel 3. If reel 1, 2, 4 and 5 are covered with Wilds, Jackpot WÏLD is added to reel 3 on the last respin. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.3% Maximum win is 170 000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play, this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern which automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer is adjusting the bet up or down to the closest betlevel below the selected %. Remains active on lowest betlevel. Betting Strategies are listed in the pay table. Last modification date: 3/8/2017