Diamond Heist 1. Introduction Diamond Heist is a 6x4, All-Ways slot, resulting in a theoretical 4096 ways to win. The slot also features a Free Spins bonus round which can award prizes after any cascade win. 2. How to Play Set your stake: At the left of the screen, the player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. To win, the player must have at least one symbol in view on the ﬁrst reel and the same matching symbol in view on reel 2 and reel 3. The only exception is the top paying symbol which pays for two matching symbols on reels 1 and 2. All-Ways – 4096 ways to win, paying left to right (Reel 1-6). All winning symbols must appear on consecutive reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. All wins will be shown and paid to the player. Any winning symbols will explode and allow new symbols to cascade in from the top, giving the player an opportunity to achieve further wins or bonus symbols. Wild symbols: The Wild symbol can substitute for all other symbols EXCEPT the bonus symbol. Wild symbols to do not incur any extra multiplier, unless stated as a multiplier, other than the win for the symbol(s) they substitute. Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Bonus scatter symbols: These symbols can appear on any reel. Three or more bonus symbols in view will trigger the bonus feature. Mystery Symbols: If the mystery symbols spin in, then the boxes will open and display a win from the paytable. This will always result in a win being awarded. 3. Game Features 3.1 Feature Trigger During main game play there will be bonus symbols randomly landing in the reel frames. Achieving 3 or more bonus symbols on the reels will trigger the bonus feature. There is a hierarchy of increased Free Spins based upon the amount of bonus symbols: 3 Bonus Symbols = 8 Free Spins 4 Bonus Symbols = 10 Free Spins 5+ Bonus Symbols = 12 Free Spins 3.2 Free Spins On entry to the Free Spins, the player’s attention will be drawn to a conveyer belt which is six segments long. On this belt are a variety of items which can enhance the Free Spins outcome: Trail Items Extra Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Mystery Deposit Box Gold Mystery Deposit Box Blank Position one of the conveyer belt is the collect square and is leftmost square on the conveyor belt. Please Note: The conveyer belt will only move if the player has won and is creating a cascade. The conveyer belt will move before the upcoming cascade occurs. The item that might be collected may alter the outcome of the cascade which is about to happen. Conveyer Belt Items: After a cascade, the player will see the conveyor belt move to a random position, hopefully enhancing the next spin. Blank = This is a rest square and will not affect the next cascade or alter the current status of the game. Extra Free Spins = Will award 1 or 2 extra spins to the current amount in-play. Free Spins Multiplier = Awards an incremental multiplier to the current multiplier in-play. Mystery Deposit Box = This can award any of the following: Mystery Cash = Awards between x5 and x20 of the current stake. Multiplier Increment = Awards 2 or 3 multiplier increments. Extra Free Spins = Awards 3 or 4 extra spins to the current amount in-play. Gold Mystery Deposit Box = This can award any of the following: Random Wilds = Awards between 3 and 6 Wilds to the reels for the next cascade. Wilds remain in place during further cascades if not used but ‘spin off’ on the next Free Spin. Multiplier Increment = Awards between 4 to 10 multiplier increments. Extra Free Spins = Awards between 4 and 10 extra spins to the current amount in- play. For clarity: It is possible to get multiple cascades within one Free Spin. After each and every cascade, the conveyor belt will move along to the next random position. All Free Spins wins will be relative to the current total bet and the base game paytable. 3.3 ‘Must Go’ Pots This game has ﬁve ‘Must Go’ Pots. These jackpots have a tiered structure and each jackpot is guaranteed to be won before it hits its speciﬁed threshold. During any spin, any or all of the ‘Must Go’ Pots could trigger. The ﬁve progressive pots are as follows: Green Pot 1: Seeded at £60 | To drop by £100 Blue Pot 2: Seeded at £150 | To drop by £250 Purple Pot 3: Seeded at £300 | To drop by £500 Yellow Pot 4: Seeded at £600 | To drop by £1000 Red Pot 5: Seeded at £3000 | To drop by £5000 The progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots consist of a ﬁxed minimum amount which gradually increase by a percentage contribution of funds inputted into the game until it is won. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the seed amount and begins to rise again. During each spin, a proportion of the money staked is added to each jackpot as per the table below. All players contribute a total of 1.00% of each bet placed to the progressive pots on every game. The progressive jackpots are seeded, reseeded and increased by contributions from the player’s stake, total RTP 3.02% (see table below): Progressive Jackpot Green Blue Purple Yellow Red % of Stake to Jackpot 0.1% 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% 0.3% % of Stake to Seed 0.202% 0.404% 0.403% 0.404% 0.605% The progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots are available in ‘Real Play’ only. Winning a progressive ‘Must Go’ Pot neither contributes to, nor is affected by, the daily cumulative winning’s limit. All ‘Must Go’ progressive pots payouts will be rounded down to two decimal points. All players are eligible to win the progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots on every play. It is not possible for two players to simultaneously win the same ‘Must Go’ Pot. A jackpot is locked when it is being won. This means that no other bets will be accepted for it and only one player at a time is able to win it. In the event of a non-responsive game, or problem during a draw, if interruption occurs after the server receives notiﬁcation, (and outcome cannot be inﬂuenced), then results of the gamble stand. In this event, the game will repeat the incomplete draw and display the results to the player when the game is next launched. If interruption occurs before the server receives notiﬁcation, the stake will be returned to player. In the event of equipment failure, or planned/unplanned terminations, after restart, progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots parameters, (including jackpot values and incremental percentages), are fully restored with identical parameters. Jackpot values may change at any point during the game in accordance with the applicable conversion rates applied. At random, if any of the jackpots have been won, the player will be shown the following: The lights above the reels and adjacent to the ‘Must Go’ Pots will ﬂash, and a claxon alarm will sound. The player will then be presented with a touch keypad which they will be prompted to enter a random 4 digit code to try and unlock the vault, (regardless of what code the player enters, if the jackpot has been won, they will unlock the safe). However, if they have not won the ‘Must Go’ Pot, the code they enter will not work and the vault will stay locked. 4. Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, next to the PLAY button, will open the autoplay functionality. Pressing the ‘settings’ button, on the right-hand side of the base game screen, will open the paytable information. The player can press the left and right arrow buttons to access the in-game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off via the settings button, located on the left-hand side of the paytable. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate functionality. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 5. Paytable All-Ways means there are theoretically 4096 ways to win. All winning combinations are added together All wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 6. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 7. General Information This game has a theoretical return to player (RTP) of 96.10%. For any payout which gives out fractional payments, these will be truncated to 2 decimal places. The maximum payout is the capped amount of 2,500,000x minimum stake . The recommended minimum stake should be set at 10p, (based on GBP). System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 8. Copyright © 2019 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images, icons, layout or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 4/22/2020