Divine Stars Divine Stars is a Bet 25, 25-line 3x5 Reel slot game with a Hold ‘n’ Spin and Star Pick Bonus that leads to Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The optimal strategy minimum theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.19% with any bet. The counter optimal strategy minimum theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 83.45% with any bet. To achieve the optimal strategy follow the suggested advice during the Star Pick Bonus. Game Rules Play bet 25 for 25 lines. WILD substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels including Scatter. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except Scatter which are multiplied by the total bet. All wins on selected paylines only except Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Hold ‘n’ Spin 2, 3 or 4 Scatter Divine Stars, left to right, are held and triggers the Hold ‘n’ Spin. The reels with the held Scatter Divine Stars are held, the remaining reels are re-spun 3 times. When additional Scatter Divine Stars land they are held and respins reset to 3. This continues until the respins are finished or until 5 Scatter Divine Stars are held. 5 held Scatter Divine Stars triggers Star Pick Bonus. Star Pick Bonus 7 Stars will be presented to pick the number of the Free Games. Stars contain 5, 6, 8 or 10 Free Games. Choose to keep or swap when the Free Games pick is less than the maximum. 7 Stars will be presented to pick the multiplier for the Free Games. Stars contain 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x and 10x multipliers. Choose to keep or swap when the Multiplier pick is less than the maximum. Player may only swap once for Free Games and once for Multipliers. Free Games The Multiplier and number of Free Games played is determined during the Star Pick Bonus. Free Game cannot be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu Last modification date: 2/1/2023