Dino Pays User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.84%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wilds and are Wilds and substitute for all symbols except and each other. Multiplier Wilds is a Multiplier Wild and substitutes for all symbols except and . If 1 or 2 Multiplier Wilds substitute in a 3 of a kind win, that line pay is multiplied by each multiplier present on the line. Progressive Jackpots The appearance of , , or on a payline awards 1 of 5 Progressive Jackpots. The 5 Progressive Jackpots are: Mini, Minor, Major, Mega, and Super. At most 1 Progressive Jackpot is awarded on a play. The appearance of any mixed , , or on each position of any Payline awards the value of the Mini progressive. The appearance of on each position of any Payline awards the value of the Minor progressive. The appearance of on each position of any Payline awards the value of the Major progressive. The appearance of on each position of Paylines 1 through 8 awards the value of the Mega progressive. The appearance of on all positions of the following green payline value of the Super progressive. The Multiplier Wilds feature does not apply to any Progressive amount awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. awards the There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .27% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .20% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .16% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. .13% of the bet is contributed to the Super Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini: $36.00 Minor: $60.00 Major: $90.00 Mega: $240.00 Super: $900.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values Last modification date: 6/20/2024