Dragon's Inferno Base Game WILD and DRAGON are wild for all symbols except FEATURE. WILD only appears only on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. DRAGON only appears on reel 3. Reels 1 and 2 contain a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with 1 symbol from the paytable except FEATURE and DRAGON. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. RTP is 95.97% FEATURE 3 or more scattered BONUS symbols trigger the Free Spin feature. 5 scattered BONUS symbols award 40 free spins. 4 scattered BONUS symbols award 20 free spins. 3 scattered BONUS symbols award 10 free spins. During free spins, 3 or more scattered BONUS symbols add additional free spins to the number of free spins remaining. During free spins all wins are doubled. The Replicating Symbol Feature can be awarded during the Free Spins Feature. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. REPLICATING SYMBOL FEATURE DRAGON WILD in a line pay triggers the Replicating Symbol Feature. During the Replicating Symbol Feature, wins are evaluated and one of the symbols using the DRAGON to form a winning combination is selected. The selected symbol is used to replace a random number of symbols, then pays are evaluated again. DRAGON WILD and WILD remain during the Replicating Symbol Feature. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The symbol replacement series will only occur once during the Replicating Symbol Feature. DRAGON WILD only appears on reel 3. WILD only appears on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020