Dragon Jin Long Jin Bao PAYS WILD is WILD for COW, HORSE, FISH, BIRD, FLOWER, BOAT, CANDY,VASE, and CART. WILD does not appear on reel 1. Before the reel spin initiates, the base game reel set is chosen from multiple possible reel sets. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 20. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. All pays in credits. COINS COIN can award 0.25x total bet - 2000x total bet. DRAGON HEAD can award MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, SUPER, or 11x, 12.5x, 15x total bet. FIRE RINGS During the base game, if EMERALD lands on a position, FIRE RING will frame that position and any positions currently framed by FIRE RING for the next 3 wagered spins at that specific bet level. PERSISTENT SPINS REMAINING MARKER are only present during the base game. INACTIVE PERSISTENT SPINS REMAINING MARKER indicates that no FIRE RING will frame positions at the start of the next spin. Coin symbol refers to COIN and DRAGON HEAD. During the base game and Free Spins Feature, if a Coin symbol lands on a position framed by FIRE RING, the value on that Coin symbol will be awarded, it will disappear, and any Coin symbol above it will cascade down and continue this process until a non-Coin symbol cascades down to the position. If a coin symbol lands on a position framed by FIRE RING and would eventually cascade down to a lower FIRE RING after being awarded, it will not disappear until it is awarded by the lowest such FIRE RING. During each spin, line pays are only evaluated after all Coin symbol cascades are complete. FREE SPINS FEATURE 3 or more scattered WHEEL award wheel feature. 3, 4, or 5 scattered WHEEL also award 2, 10, or 25x total bet, respectively. The wheel spin will either award the GRAND JACKPOT, or trigger the Free Spins Feature and award 7-50 free spins. If the outer wheel awards free spins, the inner wheel will land to determine whether the Free Spins Feature will be played with a grid height of 5, 6, 8, or 10 rows. The segments on the wheels do not accurately reflect reality and do not have equal odds. The Free Spins Feature will begin with FIRE RING framing each position of the WHEEL that triggered the feature. These frames will remain for the duration of the Free Spins Feature. During the Free Spins Feature, if EMRALD lands on a position, the FIRE RING will frame that position for the duration of the Free Spins Feature. Upon exiting the Free Spins Feature, the base game returns to the state that it was in prior to entering the Free Spins Feature. During the Free Spins Feature, 2, 3, 4, or 5 scattered FREE SPINS award 3, 8, 15, or 25 additional free spins, respectively. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except WHEEL does not appear. GAME RULES All line pays are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 20. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple paylines are added together. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. LEGAL NOTICES A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The expected return for this game is 93.95%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/29/2024