Diablo Reels Game description: Diablo Reels is the sixth slot in the ELK Classics Series. It has two reel sets of which the upper one only contains more valuable symbols. The upper reel set is always in play in the bonus game, but it is also activated through different respin features. Three bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. Both reel sets are active throughout the free spins raising the chances to win considerably. No free spins are consumed during a Nudging Wild or Wild Stack Respin feature. Game view: Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode. Symbol clarification: Paylines: Diablo Reels has 5 paylines. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in Game Rule # 27. Special symbols: Game features: Bonus Game: 3 Bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. The bonus game can be retriggered. The free spins bonus game is played with both reel sets active. There are no low value symbols on the upper reel set. The ongoing free spins are put on hold in case the Nudging Wild feature or Wild Stack Respin feature is triggered in Bonus mode. No free spins are consumed during the Nudging Wild and Wild Stack Respin features. Betting strategies: Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. 1. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. 2. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. 4. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. 5. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. 6. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. 7. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Button clarifications: Game rules: 1. Diablo Reels is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 5 paylines. 2. The game offers several bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. 8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. 9. Diablo Reels is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. 10. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Nudging Wild and the bonus symbol. The Nudging Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. 11. A Nudging Wild symbol anywhere in view nudges the reel it is on one step upwards after payout. 12. Nudging Wild symbols on the upper reel set can have a multiplier. Multipliers are additive. 13. Low value symbols and bonus symbols only appear on the lower reel set. 14. All mid value symbols and high value symbols on the upper reel set are surrounded by fire but they payout as their respective counterparts without fire. 15. The upper reel set is activated once a Nudging Wild nudges upwards from the top row on the lower reel set and leaves the game view. Both reel sets are active for that respin. Thereafter the lower reel set is deactivated. 16. A Nudging Wild symbol is scrolled into position on the upper reel set once the one on the lower reel set nudges upwards from the top row and leaves the game view. 17. The Nudging Wild feature ends after the respin where the Nudging Wild nudges upwards from the top row on the upper reel set and leaves the game view. 18. A full stack of wilds triggers the Wild Stack Respin feature. A wild stack scrolls into full view on the upper or lower reel set to generate a complete wild stack on both reel sets after payout. One respin is awarded with the complete wild stack covering the same reel on both reel sets. 19. If a full stack of wilds coincides in the same result as the trigger for the Nudging Wild feature or during an ongoing Nudging Wild feature a wild stack will scroll into position on the corresponding reel on the other reel set and that complete wild stack will stay sticky throughout the Nudging Wild feature. No additional respin is awarded for the Wild Stack. 20. If a Nudging Wild symbol lands during a Wild Stack Respin, the complete wild stack will be kept sticky throughout the Nudging Wild feature. 21. A combination of 3 bonus symbols (scatters) anywhere on the lower reel set triggers Bonus mode with 10 free spins. 22. If the triggers for Bonus mode and for the Nudging Wild feature or the Wild Stack Respin feature coincide in the same result then the Nudging Wild feature and Wild Stack Respin feature will play through first prior to activating the Bonus mode. 23. The ongoing free spins are put on hold in case the Nudging Wild feature or Wild Stack Respin feature is triggered in Bonus mode. No free spins are consumed during the Nudging Wild and Wild Stack Respin features. 24. Three bonus symbols anywhere in view during Bonus mode retrigger 10 additional free spins. 25. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. 26. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. 27. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Diablo Reels is 96.3% 28. The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. 29. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 8/25/2020