Donuts Introducing the game Donuts is a four-reel video slot with up to 2401 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. The stake increments are 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 10.0, 20.00, 50.00, 100.00, 200.00. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins The 4 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Wilds appear on Reels 2 to 4 only. Scatter 3 or 4 Gold Donut Scatters trigger the Bonus Round and award 12 or 20 Free Spins, respectively. Bonus During the Bonus round, 16 individual reels are displayed, each of which can reveal either a blank result, or a Gold Donut. Bonus round commences with the Bonus Countdown at 3. Each Gold Donut increases the Free Spins Multiplier between 1 and 50. Each Gold Donut resets the Bonus Countdown to 3. When Bonus Countdown reaches zero, Free Spins are initiated. Free Games Feature The accrued multiplier is applied to all wins during the Free Spins. 2, 3 or 4 Gold Donut Scatters award 10, 20 or 30 extra Free Spins, respectively. Retriggers initiate the Bonus Round where more multipliers can be awarded. Boxes do not appear in the Free Games Feature. General Information This game has a RTP of 96.54%. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021