DJ Wild Stud Poker About the Game DJ Wild Stud Poker™ is a poker-style casino game where the Player is playing against the Dealer’s hand. The Player has a choice to play either 1, 2 or 3 hands at one time. The game utilizes a 53-card deck consisting of a standard 52-card deck plus a Joker. The Joker and Deuces (Twos) are fully wild and therefore can be used in place of any card of any rank or suit. The objective of the game is to get a higher five-card poker hand than the Dealer. There are five wild cards available - the four deuces and one joker. There is an optional Trips side bet which can also be played. How to Play To start, bet on the Ante and Blind. These are equal bets that are made before the cards are dealt. The Trips Bonus is optional and can only be bet on at this point. The Dealer will then deal five cards to each ‘player’ and to himself. After looking at the hands that are dealt, there is the option to Fold or Play for each hand. Folding will forfeit both the Ante and the Blind bets. Playing will automatically bet 2x the Ante Bet. The Dealer will then reveal his five cards and they will be compared against each hand. If the Dealer’s hand outranks the player’s hand, all bets are lost. If the Dealer’s hand and the player’s hand are of identical rank, the bets will push. If the player’s hand outranks the Dealer’s hand, the player will be paid as shown in the in-game paytable. Trips Bonus The Trips Bonus can be bet on at the start of each game. Even if a hand has been folded, the Trips Bonus will still be evaluated. Natural hands pay more than hands that use Wild cards. Not all hands with a Deuce are considered “Wild”. If the Deuce is not used as a Wild card to make a winning Trips hand, it will be considered as it’s Natural rank. For example, a Deuce may be used as a Wild card in the base game and as part of a natural hand for the Trips Bonus. Wins are paid out for hands valued at Three of a Kind or better. The payouts for the Trips Bonus can be found in the in-game paytable. Ranking of Hands In DJ Wild Stud Poker, hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows: Five Wilds Royal Flush Five of a Kind Straight Flush Four of a Kind Full House Flush Straight Three of a Kind Two Pair Pair High card The value of a card ascends sequentially from 2-10, and then Jack, Queen, King, Ace. Ace is considered high, except in 3-2-Ace sequence. When evaluating a hand, only the highest possible rank within the player’s cards is considered (while a Straight Flush contains both a Straight and a Flush), it is calculated solely as a Straight Flush. Disclaimer Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. The maximum win for the Trips Bonus is $75,075.00. The maximum win for the base game (Blind Bet) is $100,100.00. The RTPs listed below reflect the theoretical return across many plays. The expected RTP for the Trips Bonus is 99.22%. The expected RTP for the base game (Blind Bet) is 98.98%, based on the following strategy: Fold any hand that is a Pair of 3’s of Less. Play any hand that is a Pair of 4’s or Higher, providing no 3 is in the hand when there is only a pair of 4’s. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/31/2021