Dragon Spin Pick n Mix Dragon Spin Pick ‘N’ Mix Play Dragon Spin Pick ‘N’ Mix and select up to 3 bonuses from the 5 available. Bonuses available include Symbol Eliminator, Fortune Eggs, Persisting Wilds, Goliath Reels and the Expanding Wilds! Bonus Selection: On the Bonus Selection screen you can choose which Dragon Spin bonuses are in play. Up to 3 bonuses can be selected by pressing the icon at the bottom of the screen for the chosen bonus. Press the icon again to de-select the bonus. Press the red reset button to clear all current bonus selections. Press the green play button to enter the game with the chosen bonuses. At least one bonus must be selected to enter the game. The fewer bonuses chosen, the more often they will appear! Bonus Entry: 3 bonus symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 will award the associated Dragon Spin bonus. Bonus and Dragon symbols are scatter symbols. Each Dragon Spin bonus has a dedicated coloured Dragon symbol associated with it which is only present on reel 4. Only Dragon symbols for active bonuses will be present on reel 4. Symbol Eliminator: 3 bonus symbols including the Dragon symbol will award the Symbol Eliminator bonus with Unlimited Dragon Spins. During the bonus, Dragon Eliminator symbols are present on reels 2, 3 and 4. When a Dragon Eliminator symbol lands in view, the lowest paying symbol is eliminated for the remaining Unlimited Dragon Spins. All suit symbols can be eliminated from the reels. Once ALL suit symbols are eliminated, the Dragon Eliminator symbol is replaced by a Dragon Bonus End symbol. The Bonus ends when the Dragon Bonus End symbol lands in view. The bonus will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Bonus symbols do not appear in this bonus. The Dragon Eliminator and Dragon Bonus End symbols are Wild and substitute for all symbols. Fortune Eggs: 3 bonus symbols including the Dragon symbol will award the Fortune Eggs bonus with 5 Dragon Spins. Choose one of the three Fortune Eggs on offer to reveal a cash value which ranges from 2x - 50x Total Bet. The cash value is awarded on initial reveal and also added to the Fortune Egg meter above the reels. During the bonus, Fortune Egg symbols are present on all reels. All Fortune Eggs that land in view pay the amount displayed in each of the Fortune Egg symbols. The Bonus symbols and Dragon symbols can land in view during the bonus, triggering the Cash Boost, awarding an additional 5 Dragon Spins. The Fortune Eggs cash multiplier is then increased by an additional amount between 2 and 50. Fortune Egg wins are paid in addition to line wins. The bonus will end when there are no Dragon Spins remaining. The bonus will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Persisting Wilds: 3 bonus symbols including the Dragon symbol will award the Persisting Wilds bonus with 5 Dragon Spins. During the bonus, Wild symbols are present on reels 2, 3 and 4. Any Wild symbol that lands in view are persistent for the remaining Dragon Spins. Each Wild symbol that lands in view awards an additional Dragon Spin. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Bonus and Dragon symbols do not appear in this bonus. The bonus will end when there are no Dragon Spins remaining. The bonus will end when the maximum win has been achieved. The bonus cannot be re-triggered. Goliath Reels: 3 bonus symbols including the Dragon symbol will award the Goliath Reels bonus with 10 Dragon Spins. The reels are now tripled into three reel sets. The centre of each of the reel sets is a Colossal Symbol that covers the middle three reels. Bonus and Dragon symbols do not appear in this bonus. The bonus will end when there are no Dragon Spins remaining. The bonus will end when the maximum win has been achieved. The bonus cannot be re-triggered. Expanding Wilds: 3 bonus symbols including the Dragon symbol will award the Expanding Wilds bonus with 10 Dragon Spins. During the bonus, Wild symbols are present on reels 2, 3 and 4. Any Wild symbol that lands in view will expand to fill the reel. Each Wild symbol that lands in view awards an additional Dragon Spin. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Bonus and Dragon symbols do not appear in this bonus. The bonus will end when there are no Dragon Spins remaining. The bonus will end when the maximum win has been achieved. The bonus cannot be re-triggered. Dragon Pots Bonus: At any point during the base game, a Pearl symbol can land on reels 1 and 5. If a Pearl Symbol lands on either reels 1 or 5, there is a chance the Dragon Pots Bonus will be triggered. If a Pearl Symbol lands on both reels 1 and 5, the Dragon Pots Bonus is guaranteed to trigger. There are 5 cash multiplier pots in the game x25, x50, x100, x500, x2500. These are referred to as MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MAXI and MEGA, respectively. Your win is the multiplier times your current Stake. On entering the bonus, 15 Glowing Pearls appear on screen. Selecting a Pearl will reveal one of the pot icons. Reveal 3 of the same pot icons to be awarded the associated cash multiplier and the bonus will then end. If both the Dragon Pots bonus and one of the Dragon Spins Bonuses are won in a single spin, the Dragon Pots bonus will play out first. LEGAL NOTICES: Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 96.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 9/28/2020