Dancing Drums Explosion HOW TO PLAY FU BAT The Fu Bat symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. In base game and in all free spin features, the symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. FREE SPINS Free Spins is awarded whenever 3 or more DRUM symbols appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. When Free Spins are triggered from the base game, you must select one of the five Free Spin modes. The choices are: 3 rows with 15 spins (243 Ways) 4 rows with 10 spins (1024 Ways) 5 rows with 5 spins (3125 Ways) 6 rows with 3 spins (7776 Ways) Mystery choice – will randomly pick any combination of rows and spins. If the triggering combination includes one or more GOLDEN DRUMS in the triggering symbols, the enhanced free spin choices will be shown. The GOLDEN DRUM symbol appears on base game reels 1, 2 and 3. The enhanced choices are: 4 rows with 15 spins (1024 Ways) 5 rows with 10 spins (3125 Ways) 6 rows with 5 spins (7776 Ways) 8 rows with 3 spins (32768 Ways) Mystery choice – will randomly pick any combination of rows and spins. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins mode begins after the free spins mode has been chosen. The feature ends when there are no Free Spins remaining, or the maximum win has been achieved. RETRIGGER When 2 or more Drum symbols appear on consecutive reels left to right within Free Spins feature, starting with the far left reel; 3 additional free spins are awarded. The additional free spins use the same rows layout as the currently selected free spins variant. FU BABYTM JACKPOTS Up to three Jackpots can be awarded in a single spin, each FU BAT or GOLDEN FU BAT symbol that lands has a chance of awarding a Jackpot. FU BABYTM Jackpots can be awarded on any spin, both in the base game and in the free spins feature. If a GOLDEN FU BAT lands on the reels then the jackpots are upgraded for that spin. The FU BABYTM GRAND jackpot is replaced with the EXPLOSION jackpot and the FU BABYTM MAJOR, FU BABYTM MINOR and FU BABYTM MINI jackpots are all doubled. When a FU BABYTM jackpot is awarded, 12 coins are revealed, select coins to reveal jackpots by clicking on them. Coins will reveal different FU BABYTM jackpot symbols, once three coins have been revealed with matching symbols, the associated FU BABYTM jackpot is awarded. MEGA DROP Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpots reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater the chance. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. RTP:96% Last modification date: 9/29/2021