Dragon Horn Note: The Dragon Horn video slot is referred to as Dragon Horn, The Game or Game. 1. Dragon Horn is a video slot with 5 reels and 243 fixed pay ways. The game features a wild symbol, a Dragon Fire symbol, and a bonus game triggered by scatters. The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. No bets can be altered during a game round. 4. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 5. The appearance of 3 or more scatters triggers the Bonus game consisting of free spins. The number of freespins awarded depends on the number of scatters that triggered the bonus game. 6. Dragon Fire symbol: is a mystery symbol that will be replaced by any other symbol except for shield symbols in the base game and both shield symbols and scatter symbols in the bonus game. All Dragon Fire symbols will be replaced by the same symbol type. 7. Bonus Game: any scatter symbol that appear in the Bonus game will advance the Dragon Horn meter with one and award +1 freespins. If the Dragon Horn meter reaches three, the bonus game will progress one level. When advancing a Bonus game level, a Shield Symbol will transform into a Dragon Fire Symbol for the remainder of the Bonus game. 8. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 9. Only the highest win per pay way is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the pay table. 10. All pay way wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 11. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 12. A wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except for the scatter symbol. Wild symbols can appear on all reels except the first reel. 13. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020