Divine Drop ABOUT THE GAME Drop everything else, this game is divine! Divine Drop is a 5-reel, 4-row paylines game featuring a whole host of Greek deities and godly mechanics. The maximum win in this game is 10,000 times your bet and can be achieved in all game modes! Join us as we journey to the heights of Olympus and the depths of Hades! FEATURES WILD MULTIPLIER The Wild Multiplier symbol substitutes for all other symbols in the paytable and multiplies the value of any winning combination that it is part of. Wild Multipliers can land with one of the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x. If more than one Wild Multiplier is part of the same winning combination, their values are added together before being applied to the win. Wild Multipliers may land with up to 3 Vitality, shown on the symbol as red hearts. While a Wild Multiplier has Vitality remaining, it stays sticky on the grid and awards respins. For each respin awarded, 1 Vitality is removed from every Wild Multiplier on the grid. When a Wild Multiplier reaches 0 Vitality, it will be removed on the next spin or respin. APHRODITE’S LOVE When the Heart symbol lands it triggers Aphrodite’s Love and restores 1 - 3 Vitality to all Wild Multipliers on the grid. ZEUS’S THUNDER When the X symbol lands it activates Zeus’s Thunder and calls down a bolt of lightning that doubles the multiplier value of all Wild Multipliers on the grid! FS COLLECT Land 3 or 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game to trigger one of the bonus games. You can also trigger one of the bonuses by collecting FS symbols during respins. If only 1 or 2 FS symbols land on a spin they are collected in the Bonus Meter above the reels if there is at least one Wild Multiplier with 1 or more Vitality. Once the Bonus Meter reaches 3 or 4 collected FS symbols, it will trigger the corresponding bonus game at the end of the round (after any potential respins have been awarded). TRICKS OF HADES Land or collect 3 FS symbols during the base game to activate the TRICKS OF HADES Bonus with 8 free spins. During the bonus there is an increased chance of landing Wild Multipliers and special symbols! TRIPLE TRICKS OF HADES Land or collect 4 FS symbols during the base game to activate the TRIPLE TRICKS OF HADES Bonus with 8 free spins. During the bonus there is an increased chance of landing Wild Multipliers and special symbols! Furthermore, the minimum value of the Wild Multipliers that land is 3x. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.12%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. The FS symbol does not appear in the TRICKS OF HADES or TRIPLE TRICKS OF HADES Bonus game modes. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/23/2025