Delhi The Elephant Getting started: Delhi the Elephant is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a Free Spins bonus, Fortune Bet and 4 Reel Bonuses. How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, a Reel Bonus or the Free Spins bonus feature. Set your bet Delhi the Elephant has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the 'Fortune Bet' button to increase the bet by 50% and activate the Feature Trail. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Free Spins Free Spins is awarded when 3 bonus symbols land on reels 1, 3 and 5. Delhi and Mumbai Reel Bonuses The Delhi and Mumbai Reel Bonuses can occur at random either during or after any spin, excluding Free Spins. Feature Trail Enabling Fortune Bet activates the Feature Trail. Fortune Wheel 2 Bonus symbols landing on reels 1 and 3 with Fortune Bet active triggers the Fortune Wheel. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game will substitute for all symbols except the Bonus. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. AUTOPLAY: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Features: Free Spins At the start of the Free Spins bonus, the player will be offered a choice of either Delhi Free Spins or Mumbai Free Spins to play. During Free Spins, Delhi tokens and Mumbai tokens will appear on random symbols. These tokens will be collected automatically and added together. The character with the most tokens at the end of Free Spins will win, if the character wins during their own Free Spins bonus then a re-trigger is awarded. For example, if Delhi has the most tokens at the end of the Delhi Free Spins bonus then a re-trigger is awarded. After a re-trigger is awarded, the player is able to select which Free Spins bonus they want to play again. Delhi Free Spins 5 Free Spins are awarded with Splashing Wilds. During every spin, Delhi will spray a Splashing Wild onto one of the reels, this will expand and cover all spaces under it. The Splashing Wilds will step down a place after each spin. Mumbai Free Spins 5 Free Spins are awarded with Mystery Banana symbols. Mumbai will throw Mystery Bananas at the reels that turn specific positions into Mystery Banana symbols. All Mystery Banana Symbols on the reels will then change into the same symbol. A Super Banana may also be thrown onto the reels which will multiply wins by x2, x3 or x4. There is a chance Mumbai will not throw any bananas during a Free Spin. Fortune Bet Enabling Fortune Bet activates the Feature Trail and increases the stake by 50%. Every time a Bonus symbol lands on reels 1 and 3, it will trigger the Fortune Wheel. The Fortune Wheel can award the bonus or increment the Feature Trail by either +1, +2, or +3. Reaching the end of the Feature Trail will also trigger the bonus. Both Fortune Wheel and Feature Trail are only available with Fortune Bet active. The Feature Trail is linked to the stake, changing the stake will display a different trail with unlit segments. Returning to a previous stake with lit segments will continue the Feature Trail’s progress. The Feature Trail isn’t reset by triggering Free Spins via 3 bonus symbols. Delhi & Mumbai Reel Bonuses Delhi Reel Bonuses At random during a spin, Delhi will spray 1 or more Splashing Wilds onto the reels that expand down and cover all spaces under it. At random after a spin, Delhi will stomp down, causing the symbols to shake and fall off. New Symbols will then land, awarding a win. Mumbai Reel Bonuses At random during a spin, Mumbai will throw Mystery Bananas at the reels that turn specific positions into Mystery Banana symbols. At random after a spin, Mumbai will swing across the reels replacing symbols with wilds. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 2, 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Delhi the Elephant logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. Once started, the Free Spins bonus will play out automatically. The RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 1/5/2018