Dragon Spin Cross Link Fire Paytable reflects current bet configuration. All line pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are in addition to line pays. Scatter pays are only awarded when Free Spins are triggered during a base game spin. The PEARL scatter symbols display a bet multiplier value of x0.5 - x75. DRAGON SPIN™ FEATURE During the base game, each CROSSLINK that lands will be collected by that reel's bag for the current bet level, and that bag may change appearance. During the base game, 1 or more scattered CROSSLINK may also trigger the Dragon Spin Feature. CROSSLINK symbols landing in a reel position are locked into place for the duration of the feature. If any WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL land in the base game, the Dragon Spin Feature cannot be triggered on the current spin. At the end of the Dragon Spin Feature, all bags for the current bet and denomination are reset. When triggered from the base game each reel will be assigned a value depending on the appearance of the bag above it, according to the table below. At the beginning of the feature when triggered from the base game, the fire dragon may also increase the values on each reel. When the Dragon Spin is awarded on a base game spin, each row will randomly be assigned a multiplier of 1-10x. From the base game Dragon Spins are awarded until a total of 1-5 additional CROSSLINK and up to 1 JACKPOT REEL have been placed on screen and then each CROSSLINK will award the value of its reel multiplied by the multiplier of its row. If JACKPOT REEL appears on a reel, it will award a MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI prize, multiplied by the multiplier of the row the JACKPOT REEL is on. When triggered from the base game the minimum possible multiplier that will be applied to a Jackpot when awarded is 2x. An alternate set of reels is used during the Dragon Spin Feature. Symbols other than CROSSLINK and JACKPOT REEL on those reels are not evaluated. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, 5 or more scattered WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL triggers the Free Spins Bonus. Each bag above the reel will be assigned the combination of the values of the WHITE PEARL and/or GOLD PEARL. When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, any reel without a WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL will be assigned a value of 1x. The number of free spins awarded is equal to the number of WHITE PEARL or GOLD PEARL on the reels. Upon trigger, after 2 minutes of inactivity, the Free Spins Bonus will be started automatically. Starting at 1x, each row's associated multiplier will be increased by 1 for each GOLD PEARL symbol on that row. During the Free Spins Bonus, each GOLD PEARL that lands will add the associated bet multiplier to the shown bet multiplier to the bag above the reel, and the multiplier associated to the row. WHITE PEARL and GOLD PEARL values are not awarded during the Free Spins. Instead, the values are added to the state of their respective column and/or row. WHITE PEARL symbols do not appear during Free Spins. After the final free spin, the Dragon Spin Feature occurs. Dragon Spins are awarded until a total of 1-5 additional CROSSLINK and up to 2 JACKPOT REEL have been placed on screen. Any CROSSLINK landing on the reel array will award the bet multiplier value above the reel, multiplied by the multiplier on the right of the associated row. If JACKPOT REEL appears on a reel, it will award a MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI prize, multiplied by the value displayed in the associated row to the right of the array. Only CROSSLINK and JACKPOT REEL are evaluated during the Dragon Spin Feature. Free Spins may not be retriggered. Alternate sets of reels are used during the Free Spins Bonus. Bag appearances during the Free Spins Bonus are for entertainment purposes only and do not affect the bags after the Free Spins Bonus ends. TURBO MODE The Turbo Mode button is displayed on the bottom right of the reels with an "ON" and "OFF" option. Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. When Free Spins is awarded Turbo Mode will be unavailable. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. GAME RULES Only the highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94.05%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/19/2025