Dan Marino Gunslinger How to Play Introduction It’s game day! Dan Marino Gunslinger™ is a 5x3 reel slot with 20 paylines featuring the legendary Dan Marino american football player. The special Dan Marino Wild symbol turns the entire reel wild when it lands and it can trigger the “Pick Your Receiver!” and “Wild Pass!” base game bonuses. The End Zone Blitz free spins bonus game can reward with huge wins! In addition, the game offers 3 progressive jackpots. How To Play Dan Marino Gunslinger™ is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines that only pay from left to right. Select your desired bet using the stake menu window. Once ready, click the SPIN button to start the game. How To Win When the reel spin is complete, if you get 3 or more identical symbols on consecutive reels, starting with the leftmost reel, you win the payout associated with that symbol, as shown in the paytable. All winning combination prizes are calculated by multiplying the winning combination payout, as shown in the paytable, by your total bet. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total win of the spin. End Zone Blitz The End Zone Blitz is a free spins bonus round that triggers when 3, 4 or 5 bonus scatter symbols appear on the reels. The number of free spins awarded are as follows: 3 = 10 Free Spins 4 = 15 Free Spins 5 = 20 Free Spins On each spin during the End Zone Blitz, a Pass Symbol can appear on any symbol in the reels. When a Pass Symbol appears, a random number of Yards between 1 and 40 are revealed. The token on the End Zone Meter moves based on the number of yards accumulated for that spin. Each time you advance 20 yards in the meter, you will be rewarded with extra free spins and win multipliers. 3 Free Spins Symbols 20 yard line: 5 Additional spins and x2 Prize Multiplier 40 yard line: 5 Additional spins and x4 Prize Multiplier 60 yard line: 5 Additional spins and x8 Prize Multiplier 80 yard line: 5 Additional spins and x10 Prize Multiplier 100 yard line: 5 Additional spins and x25 Prize Multiplier 4 Free Spins Symbols 20 yard line: 7 Additional spins and x2 Prize Multiplier 40 yard line: 7 Additional spins and x4 Prize Multiplier 60 yard line: 7 Additional spins and x8 Prize Multiplier 80 yard line: 7 Additional spins and x10 Prize Multiplier 100 yard line: 7 Additional spins and x25 Prize Multiplier 5 Free Spins Symbols 20 yard line: 10 Additional spins and x2 Prize Multiplier 40 yard line: 10 Additional spins and x4 Prize Multiplier 60 yard line: 10 Additional spins and x8 Prize Multiplier 80 yard line: 10 Additional spins and x10 Prize Multiplier 100 yard line: 10 Additional spins and x25 Prize Multiplier Note: if the player has made the End Zone (completed the 100 yards), Pass Symbols will no longer appear on the reels. The Free Spins Bonus round ends when there are no more free spins left in the counter. Pick Your Receiver! Feature The Pick Your Receiver! Feature triggers in the base game when a Dan Marino Wild and a Bonus Receiver Symbol 1 simultaneously appear on any position in reels 2 and 5, respectively. Note: the Bonus Receiver symbol 1 can only appear on reel 5. When the Pick Your Receiver! feature is triggered, a pop up with 4 receivers appears and you can click on one of them to reveal a prize. Prizes are multipliers of stake and range from 3x to 25x. Wild Pass Feature The Wild Pass feature triggers in the base game when a Dan Marino Wild and a Bonus Receiver Symbol 2 simultaneously appear on any position in reels 2 and 5, respectively. The Dan Marino wild symbol expands to turn the entire reel wild. Note: the Bonus Receiver symbol 2 can only appear on reel 5. The Dan Marino expanded symbol throws a ball to the Bonus Receiver symbol, which triggers multiple regular wild symbols to appear on reels 1 and 4. On reel 2 regular wilds cannot appear as the Dan Marino expanded wild is already a wild symbol. Any winning combinations are then paid out. Progressive Jackpots Jackpots can only be won during a base game spin. Only one jackpot can be won during the same game. All progressive jackpots increment with every bet wagered. The Progressive Jackpot amount is displayed in the upper left corner of the game screen. Extra Point Jackpot The Extra Point progressive jackpot has its own fixed reseed value of 300.00. 0.35% of each bet is added and contributes to the live progressive jackpot amount. Field Goal Jackpot The Field Goal progressive jackpot has its own fixed reseed value of 3,000.00. 0.53% of each bet is added and contributes to the live progressive jackpot amount. Touchdown Jackpot The Touchdown progressive jackpot has its own fixed reseed value of 15,000.00. 0.88% of each bet is added and contributes to the live progressive jackpot amount. Jackpot Legal Notice Any Jackpot and its corresponding entry cost is defined in your operator’s default currency. If you are playing in any currency other than the default, jackpot values and entry costs visible in-game will be automatically converted into your local currency using a conversion rate as defined by your operator. Unless otherwise noted, all Jackpot values in this document are presented in default currency. Jackpot values displayed in-game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. The payout value of any Jackpot will be the current amount on the Jackpot server. Every effort is made to ensure that the amount displayed in the game is as close to the actual value as possible. Should two or more players appear to win the same Jackpot in close succession, then the first player will win the full amount and the next player will win the reset amount plus any further contributions. The same will apply to any subsequent players. The progressive jackpot is available in “real play” only. Max Win Any combination of wins in a single game, independently of cards used, is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Note: Progressive Jackpot winnings shall not be considered in the max winnings parameter. Terms and Return to Player In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior game losses do not influence or change future games in any way. The overall return to player (RTP) is 93.99%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/28/2025