Eskimo Dough 1. Introduction Eskimo Dough is a 6x4, All-Ways slot with a theoretical 4096 ways to win. The slot also features a bonus builder which can create a variety of different Free Spins bonus rounds each time it is triggered. 2. How to Play Set your stake: At the left of the screen, the player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. To win, the player must have at least one symbol in view on the first reel and the same matching symbol in view on reel 2 and reel 3. The only exception is the top paying Doughman symbol, which pays for two matching symbols on reels 1 and 2. All-Ways – 4096 ways to win pays left to right. All winning symbols must appear on consecutive reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. All winning combinations are added together. All wins will be shown and paid to the player. Any winning symbols will explode and allow new symbols to cascade in from the top, giving the player an opportunity to achieve further wins or scatter symbols. Wild symbols: The Wild symbol can substitute for ALL other symbols EXCEPT the scatter symbols. Wild symbols to do not incur any extra multiplier, unless stated as a multiplier, other than the win for the symbol(s) they substitute. Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Bonus scatter symbols: These symbols can appear on any reel. Three or more bonus symbols in view will trigger the bonus feature, where the player will enter the ‘Bonus Builder’. Mystery Snowballs: At random, whilst the reels are spinning, snowballs can hit the reels. They will melt to reveal any symbol of the same kind from any from the paytable. This modifier will always result in a win being awarded. 3. Game Features 3.1. Bonus Builder During the main game play, bonus symbols can randomly land in the reel frames. Achieving 3 bonus symbols on the reels will trigger the bonus feature, with a chance of reaching the 3rd island. 4 or more bonus scatter symbols will guarantee a pick on the 3rd island (see below). Once triggered the player will be presented with an island containing 11 areas to pick from. There are 3 islands in total and each of these islands gives the player the opportunity to build their own Free Spins feature. Island 2 also has 11 pick areas and island 3 has 7 pick areas. If the player is lucky enough to get to island 3, they will be allowed one further pick which will auto start the feature once complete. Island 1 available Picks: Upgrade to island 2 Start Free Spins +1 Wild +1 to +3 Free spins +1 Win multiplier Island 2 available Picks: Upgrade to island 3 Start Free Spins Wild Reel +1 to +2 Wilds +2 to +8 Free spins +1 to +4 Win multiplier Island 3 (final level) Picks: Incremental multiplier per cascade win x25 last Free Spin x50 last Free Spin 1 Super Spin 1 Mega Spin 1 Eskimo Spin Lightning multiplier Spin 3.2. Free Spins Once the player has built their Free Spins bonus round, this starts to playout based upon the combination of features picked. Pick Features: Extra Free Spins = awards 1 to 8 extra spins per pick added together to create an overall total of Free Spins for the bonus round. Random Wilds = awards +1 to +3 wilds per pick. Added together they will then create a total number of random wilds which will appear on the reels per Free Spin, up to a maximum of 4 wilds per spin. Win Multiplier = awards +1 to +4 multipliers per pick. Added together they will then create a total multiplier which will multiply any win in Free Spins by that value. Wild Reel = awards a wild reel (full column of 4 stacked wilds) to every spin in the Free Spins, randomly picking between reels 2 and 6 on each spin. Once used, they will not appear in any further cascades. Incremental Multiplier = will award a multiplier which will increment by +1 per cascade whilst in Free Spins. Last Spin x25 = will award a x25 multiplier on the very last spin in the Free Spins. Any win and subsequent cascades will be multiplied by this amount. Last Spin x50 = will award a x50 multiplier on the very last spin in the Free Spins. Any win and subsequent cascades will be multiplied by this amount. Super Spin = will award an extra win spin after the Free Spins event. This will be a 6 of a kind win using the lowest paying symbols (9, 10 or J). Mega Spin = will award an extra win spin after the Free Spins event. This will be a 6 of a kind win using the Q, K or A symbols. Eskimo Spin = will award an extra win spin after the Free Spins event. This will be a 6 of a kind win using the 4 top paying symbols (‘Binoculars’, ‘Fish’, ‘Eskimo’ and ‘Doughman’). Lightning Multiplier = will award a random chance of multiplier increasing by 1, 2, 3, or 5 on each spin. All Free Spins wins will be relative to current total bet and the base game paytable. 4. ‘Must Go’ Pots This game has five ‘Must Go’ Pots. These jackpots have a tiered structure and each jackpot will be guaranteed to be won before it hits a specified threshold. During any spin, any or all of the ‘Must Go’ Pots could trigger. The five progressive pots are as follows: Red Pot 1: Seeded at £60 | To drop by £100 Green Pot 2: Seeded at £150 | To drop by £250 Yellow Pot 3: Seeded at £300 | To drop by £500 Blue Pot 4: Seeded at £450 | To drop by £750 Purple Pot 5: Seeded at £600 | To drop by £1000 The progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots consist of a fixed minimum amount which gradually increases by a percentage contribution of funds inputted into the game until it is won. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the seed amount and begins to rise again. During each spin, a proportion of the money staked is added to each jackpot as per the table below. All players contribute a total of 1.00% of each bet placed to the progressive pots on every game. The progressive jackpots are seeded, reseeded and increased by contributions from the player’s stake, total RTP 3.02% (see table below): Progressive Jackpot Red Green Yellow Blue Purple % of Stake to Jackpot 0.1% 0.2% 0.2% 0.2% 0.3% % of Stake to Seed 0.202% 0.404% 0.404% 0.404% 0.606% The progressive ‘‘Must Go’ Pots are available in ‘Real Play’ only. Winning a progressive ‘Must Go’ Pot neither contributes to, nor is affected by, the daily cumulative winning’s limit. All ‘Must Go’ progressive pots payouts will be rounded down to two decimal points. All players are eligible to win the progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots jackpots on every play. It is not possible for two players to simultaneously win the same ‘Must Go’ Pot. A jackpot is locked when it is being won. This means that no other bets will be accepted for it and only one player at a time is able to win it. In the event of a non-responsive game, or problem during a draw, if interruption occurs after the server receives notification, (and outcome cannot be influenced), then results of the gamble stand. In this event, the game will repeat the incomplete draw and display the results to the player when the game is next launched. If interruption occurs before the server receives notification, the stake will be returned to player. In the event of equipment failure, or planned/unplanned terminations, after restart, progressive ‘Must Go’ Pots parameters, (including jackpot values and incremental percentages), are fully restored with identical parameters. Jackpot values may change at any point during the game in accordance with the applicable conversion rates applied. 5. Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, next to the PLAY button, will open the autoplay functionality. Pressing the ‘settings’ button, on the right-hand side of the base game screen, will open the paytable information. The player can press the left and right arrow buttons to access the in-game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off via the settings button, located on the left-hand side of the paytable. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate functionality. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 6. Paytable All-Ways means there are theoretically 4,096 ways to win. All wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 7. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 8. General Information This game has a theoretical return to player (RTP) of 96.35%. For any payout which gives out fractional payments, these will be truncated to 2 decimal places. The maximum payout is the capped amount of 2,500,000 x minimum stake . System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 9. Copyright © 2019 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 5/14/2020