Elemental Beasts 1 Introduction Elemental Beasts is a 20 line, 5x3 slot game featuring Free Spins and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played on 20 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All line wins pay left to right only. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The Wolf symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols, except for the Lion symbol. The Wolf symbol appears on reels 2, 3 & 4 during the base game and during Ice Stage Free Spins. 4 Features 4.1 Free Spins Free Spins are triggered by 6 or more Lion symbols landing in any position. 1 Free Spin is awarded for each Lion symbol in view. At the start of Free Spins, the bonus will start in the fire stage, collecting 8 Lions in the fire stage will enter the ice stage, collecting 8 wolves in the ice stage will enter the fire stage and increase the multiplier in the next ice stage by 2. During free spins if 6 or more Lion symbols landing in any position. 1 Free Spin is awarded for each Lion symbol in view. The multiplier is only active while the bonus is in ice mode The Free Spins feature Spinsurance, If the free spins reach zero spins remaining and the bonus would pay less than 10x the players stake the game awards 3 additional free spins. SPINSURANCE can occur multiple times in a single game cycle 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 96.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/24/2021