Elephant Palace User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above "+" Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing "-" until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.92%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Respin Feature If 5 or more or appear on the grid, then the Respin Feature is triggered. All or will be locked in place. The player is awarded 3 Respins. During the Respin Feature, each position spins independently. When a new or land on the reels, it locks in place and the Spins Remain meter is reset to 3. The respin feature ends if all 15 positions on the reels are filled with or , or if there are no spins remaining. At the end of the Respin Feature, the credit value of each and the Major Progressive Jackpot amount of each on the reels will be awarded. The Jackpot meter is reset each time it is awarded. If all 15 positions on the reels are filled with or , the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. Bonus Games When 3 Bonus symbols land, 12 Bonus Games are awarded. When 3 Bonus symbols land during Bonus Games, 12 additional Bonus Games are awarded. A maximum of 1000 Bonus Games can be awarded. The Respin Feature is not active during Bonus Games. Bonus Games end when no Bonus Games remain. Progressive Jackpots There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .12% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. .2% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mega: $100.00 Major: $15.00 The start-up values are multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. The Jackpot meter is reset each time it is awarded. Last modification date: 7/10/2025