Easy Slider Game Rules Play 1 to 25 lines RTP is 95.6%. Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All symbols pay Left to Right on selected lines only except scattered WHEEL which pays any BIKER BABE substitutes for all symbols except scattered WHEEL SLIDE-A-WILD Use the Slider to add ENHANCED WILDS to your selected Reel ENHANCED WILDS will appear in a STACK on the selected Reel ENHANCED WILDS on the selected Reel will MULTIPLY Wins as listed Stacked Wild Placed On: Enhanced Wild Multiplier Enhanced Wild Multiplier during free games Reel 1 x2 x4 Reel 2 x3 x6 Reel 3 x4 x8 Reel 4 x5 x10 Reel 5 x6 x12 FREE GAMES FEATURE 3 or more scattered WHEEL symbols awards 15 free games During free games all Enhanced Wild wins are doubled Stacked Wild Multipliers are applied on the same reel as the triggering spin The Free Game Feature can be retriggered during the free games Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines : Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and play Last modification date: 12/29/2021