El Dorado Infinity Reels Eldorado Infinity Reels TM is an innovative slot game with new mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the jackpot. On 15th reel, the player is awarded the Jackpot Prize of 888x total bet The Theoretical Return to Player(RTP) is: 95.51% to 96.54% Rules Wild WILD NATIVE substitutes for all symbols except TEMPLE. Scatter Any TEMPLE symbol win triggers Free Spins. Symbols Pays Symbols pay from left to right except TEMPLE (which pays any) where participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. In the base game, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. In Free Spins Levels 1, 2, 3 and 4, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively every time a new reel is added. The Symbol Multiplier starts at 1 when Free Spins commence, but is not reset between Free Spins. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Jackpot A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any spin that results in 12 or more reels being added. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Jackpot wins. Free Spins Any TEMPLE symbol win triggers Free Spins. There are four Free Spins Levels. Upon the first trigger the player is awarded Free Spins Level 1. The player is given options to STORE, GAMBLE, or PLAY the current Free Spins Level. If the player opts to STORE, the game returns to the base game; the next time Free Spins is triggered, the level will be incremented by 1 (with the choice to STORE/GAMBLE/PLAY being again presented). If the player opts to GAMBLE, then the Gamble Wheel is spun. If it lands on a Green Segment, the Free Spin Level is incremented by 1 (and the player may then choose to GAMBLE again, or STORE/PLAY). If it lands on a Non-Green Segment, then the game returns to the base game and all accrued Free Spin Levels are lost. If the player opts to PLAY, then they are awarded 10 Free Spins which are played at the current Free Spin Level. If the player reaches Free Spin Level 4 (via GAMBLE, or STORE and trigger), PLAY is automatically selected. If Free Spins Levels 1, 2, 3 and 4, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively every time a new reel is added. Once all spins are completed, the Free Spin Level is reset. Any TEMPLE symbol win during Free Spins awards an extra 4 spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Free Spin Levels are accumulated per bet level. Game Rules 20 coins to play. Symbols pay from left to right except TEMPLE (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. WILD NATIVE substitutes for all symbols except TEMPLE. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn full screen mode On or Off - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins Last modification date: 12/29/2021