Electric Sam Game rules Electric Sam is a 5 reel video slot with 243 ways to win. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each spin is 100 coins. A game round starts on selected bet level when the player hits the spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto play. Keep the spin button pressed and select the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the pay table. All winnings are presented in coins and paid out in the selected currency. Troll symbols are loaded with Electric Treats in Free spins. Sam's Electric Treat adds 1 STICKY WILD to reel 2, 3, 4 or 5. Sandras's Electric Treat raises the MULTIPLIER 1 step up to a maximum of 10 x. Maggie's Electric Treat explodes all Maggie and fruit symbols and then slides in new symbols, after which the new result is paid out accordingly. Sam and Sandra's Electric Treats are valid for coming spins in the ongoing Free spin sequence. The Electric Sam logo symbol is WILD in the base game and STICKY WILD in Free spins substituting any symbol. Bet lines are paid left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. To calculate the number of win lines, multiply the number of symbols per reel including WILDs. Example: the Sandra symbol occurs on reel 1 to 5 with the following frequency: 2-1-2-3-0. This result will pay 2 x 1 x 2 x 3 = 12 lines, 4 symbols. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round or in Free spins. In the event of malfunctions all bets and wins are void. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.0%. Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous gameplay, this can be done automatically with Betting strategies. A Betting strategy is a predefined betting pattern which automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting strategy after any bet. Autoplay works in combination with Betting strategies. Activate Betting strategy by selecting bet base level and press spin button. The Betting strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Betting strategies are listed on the next page. Last modification date: 3/8/2017