Emperors Garden Game Rules Play 1 to 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered KOI All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered KOI which pays any GARDEN appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except scattered KOI Garden Wild The Garden Wild occurs when GARDEN appears anywhere on Reels 2, 3 and/or 4 The GARDEN symbol stretches to cover all 3 positions on any reel where it appears Pays are then calculated with the Garden substitution The GARDEN symbol will only stretch if it results in a winning combination Free Games Feature 10 Free Games are won when 3 or more scattered KOI appear During the Free Games, all wins with GARDEN are multiplied by 3 The Free Games Feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Games wins are added to payline and scatter wins Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (-) and (+) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP The Theoretical return to player is 95.336%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020