Eruption 1. Introduction Eruption is a 6x4 reel slot with 25 winlines. The game can also expand horizontally into an 8 reel, 10 reel or a 12 reel slot. When 12 wide, the game is effectively four groups of 6x4 slots together, as opposed to one 12x4 slot. The game has 4 ‘erupting’ Free Spins bonus rounds and also four volcanic base game modifiers. 2. How to Play Set your stake: At the left of the screen, the player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 3, 4, 5 or 6 of-a-kind symbols on played lines. Wins start with the leftmost reel, paying left to right, (reels 1-6), only in consecutive order. All wins shown on different winlines will be displayed and paid to the player. Wild symbols: The Wild symbol can substitute for ALL other symbols EXCEPT the scatter symbols. Using Wild symbols to complete a line does not incur any extra multiplier, unless stated as a multiplier, other than the win for the symbol(s) they substitute. Only the highest paying win on each line will be counted. Bonus scatter symbols: These symbols will trigger the bonus feature and appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6. Two scatter symbols on reels 1 to 5 will trigger an anticipation on the next reel. It is possible to get more than 3 bonus trigger symbols. If this occurs, then the player is awarded the Free Spins event and also an instant cash prize, (see values below): 3 scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins 4 scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 5x stake win 5 scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 10x stake win 6 scatter symbols = 10 Free Spins + 20x stake win Bonus scatter symbols are NOT present during any Free Spins events. Expanding Reels: The game reels expand horizontally during the base game modifiers and the Free Spins features. The reels can expand up to 3 times, so there are 4 various reel states. During the base game, on any spin, the game could trigger random modifiers or the bonus features. For the modifiers, the game could expand from a 6x4 layout to either an 8x4, 10x4 or 12x4 layout, effectively creating up to 4 reel sets with 6x4 layouts. The bonus Free Spins always expand to a 12x4 layout. 3. Game Features 3.1 Base Game Modifiers During the main game, there will be ‘random modifiers’ that occasionally trigger from a spin. After the player presses PLAY, the reels will spin longer than usual whilst a trigger event animates. If the modifier is awarded; the screen will then pan up to the volcano to see it beginning to erupt, a flaming boulder will fly out the volcano and explode onto the reels revealing 4 pick me options. Once picked, that modifier will be awarded and the alternative modifiers will be revealed. The reels will then expand to either 8, 10 or 12 wide and play out the chosen modifier: Streaming Lava: (Wild Reels) The player presses play, the reels spin but the outcome is delayed. Wilds, (represented as molten lava), will stream down from the top position of any or all of the reels. This could result in any reel having 1, 2 or 3 Wilds or a full Wild reel. Wild Eruption: (Random Wilds) The volcano will fire molten Wild boulders onto the reels which become Wild positions. The reels will then halt and any wins will be paid to the player. Colossal Eruption: (Colossal Wild) The volcano will fire a huge molten Wild boulder onto the reels which will explode, leaving a 2x2 Colossus Wild symbol on the reels. The explosion will spray further molten boulders onto the reels to create extra single Wild positions. Lava River: This will be a random, adjoining, snaking pattern of Wilds that can start and end in varying positions. The volcano will erupt and shake, as a river of molten lava spews across the reels. This river will then stay on the reels whilst they are spinning and any symbol positions it crosses will become molten Wilds. These then become Wild positions covering the spinning reels. 3.2 Free Spins Free Spins trigger: The screen will pan up to the volcano and see it beginning to erupt. The game will enter the volcano to reveal 4 volcanic flaming boulders floating in the volcanic magma for the player to pick. Once picked, the Free Spins feature will be awarded and the alternative bonuses will be revealed. The reels will then expand to their fullest setting of 12 reels wide, (four 6x4 reels). The player will then play one of these 4 features with 10 Free Spins: Streaming Lava: (Wild Reels) - If an associated ‘lava trigger’ special symbol lands on any reel, this will cause the lava trail to stream onto that reel, potentially creating wins. This lava trail will then stream down to the next position on each spin, so that the Wild lava trail will cover the top 2 reel positions, and so on, until it becomes a Wild reel. Wild Eruption: (Random Sticky Wilds) – On each Free Spin, there is a random chance the volcano will erupt and shower the reels with 1 to 3 random molten Wilds. These Wilds will turn into a locked wild symbol and remain ‘sticky’ throughout the course of the Free Spins. There is a chance that more molten Wild boulders will erupt and populate the reels further on each spin. The reels will then halt and any wins will be paid to the player. Colossal Eruption: (Colossal Wild with single random Wilds) – The volcano could fire a huge molten Wild boulder onto the reels which will explode, leaving a 2x2 Colossus Wild symbol on the reels. Subsequent to that, the explosion sprays further molten boulders on the reels to create extra single Wild positions. The reels, including the Wilds, will then spin off and there is a random possibility of the event happening again on the next Free Spin. Lava River: Once the reels have expanded to 12x4, the centre two reels (reels 6 and 7) become ‘special’ as they contain Free Spins multiplier symbols that increase the multiplier if they land in view. Each increase of the multiplier will multiply any win on that current Free Spin. There’s also a chance of a Wild ‘lava river’ appearing, creating any pattern. This will be a random, adjoining, snaking pattern of Wilds that can start and end in varying positions. Any Wild ‘lava river’ that crosses the centre two reels and covers a reel position with a Free Spins special multiplier symbol on it will still count as a Wild and also a trigger to increment the multiplier for the current Free Spin. All Free Spins wins will be relative to the current total bet and the base game paytable. 4. Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, next to the PLAY button, will open the Autoplay functionality. Pressing the ‘menu’ button, on the right-hand side of the base game screen, will open the paytable information. The player can press the left and right arrow buttons to access the in-game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off via the settings button, located on the left-hand side of the paytable. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate functionality. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 5. Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. On each reel set, line wins will pay from left to right only, (reels 1-6), only in consecutive order. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 6. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 7. General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 95.32%. Any payout which gives out fractional payments will be truncated to two decimal places. The maximum payout is the capped amount of 1,000,000 x minimum stake. The amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. 8. Copyright © 2019 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 6/12/2020