Enchanted Kingdom Mega Drop SPIN BUTTON Bonus Symbols WILD SCATTER WILD substitutes for all symbols including SCATTER. 3 or more scatters award 20 Free Spins. 3 or more scatters during Free Spins awards an additional 20 Free Spins. The Free Spins Bonus is played automatically. Total bet and lines are the same as the game that triggered the Free Spins Bonus. Free Spins are played with the same winning combinations as the base game. Wager Saver The Wager Saver feature will be offered when the player's balance becomes lower than the previous total bet. At the cost of their remaining balance, the player will be offered the chance to spin a wheel once for 1, 3, or 5x the value of that previous bet. This feature will not be offered if the remaining balance is less than 10% of the previous total bet. The chance of winning is shown by the green section of the dial for each option. If the spinner lands on green, the player wins the wager. The RTP for this feature is equal to the RTP of the base game. The outcome of each play of the Wager Saver is random and unaffected by previous results. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. The theoretical return to player with and without Mega Drop is as follows: With Mega Drop: % Without Mega Drop: % This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. --> The expected return for this game is 96.19 %. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. NOT TRANSLATED - $150.00 In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. {{ RS.Slots.Translations.Paytable.Disclaimer.HasJackpot }} This game has premium winnings as described above. Jackpot: This game does not have a jackpot Skills The player cannot influence the outcome of this game. Unfinished game rounds: Any game rounds that for some reason have not been completed are stored on the server. For example, an unfinished game round may be due to poor internet connection. Unfinished game rounds either automatically resume after a short delay or by restarting the game. An unfinished game round is stored on the server along with the current bet. If a round of betting is not continued within 24 hours, the player will receive any winnings for bets that have been settled. Where the game is not settled, the bet will be returned to the player. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. Last modification date: 9/27/2022