Esqueleto Explosivo 2 Note: The Esqueleto Explosivo 2 video slot is referred to as Esqueleto Explosivo 2, The Game or Game. 1. Esqueleto Explosivo 2 is a video slot with 5 reels and 99 connecting pay ways. The game features dropping symbols, Explosivo Wilds, Mucho Multipliers and a Bonus Game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96.13% 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the Game with the selected bet level 3. Auto play plays the Game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 4. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 5. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 6. Only the highest win per connecting pay way is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right in combinations according to the pay table. 7. Symbols included in connecting pay way wins are replaced with dropping symbols and / or existing symbols. This continues as long as there is a new connecting pay way win. 8. Mucho Multiplier is an increasing multiplier shown below the game reels in the base and bonus game. For each win on a symbol drop and or whenever one or more Explosivo Wilds appears, the multiplier increases one level up to the maximum multiplier level. 9. The Explosivo Wild is a wild symbol that substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. It will also explode all surrounding symbols in its vicinity (minimum 3 and maximum 8 depending on the position of the Wild symbol) except scatter symbols and high pay symbols. 10. 3 (or more) scatter symbols trigger the Bonus Game consisting of free spins. 11. In the Bonus Game, 2 (or more) scatter symbols awards extra free spins. The amount of extra spins depends on the number of scatter symbols according to the pay table. 12. For every third Explosivo Wild that is collected in the Bonus Game, one extra free spin is awarded. At the same time, the lowest multiplier is removed, and the next base multiplier applies. When the meter is full, one last extra free spin will be awarded. In the Bonus Game the x64 Multiplier is revealed but locked until x32 Multiplier is the current base multiplier. 13. The Bonus Game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus Game. 14. No bets can be altered during a game round. 15. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. 16. All wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round 17. The maximum total bet multiplier for one game round is x5000. If this limit is reached the game round will be terminated and no additional wins will be paid out. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. This is the action button. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020