Eagles Flight Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 1 symbols. 1 Wild Symbol substitutes for 1 High Pay 2 symbol, High Pay 3 symbol, High Pay 4 symbol, Low Pay 1 symbol, Low Pay 2 symbol, Low Pay 3 symbol, or Low Pay 4 symbol. Wild Symbol appears only on reels 4 and 5. Free Games Rules 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. 1 Free Games Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games High Pay 1 symbols. 1 Free Games Wild Symbol substitutes for 1 Free Games High Pay 2 symbol, Free Games High Pay 3 symbol, Free Games High Pay 4 symbol, Free Games Low Pay 1 symbol, Free Games Low Pay 2 symbol, Free Games Low Pay 3 symbol, or Free Games Low Pay 4 symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol appears only on reels 4 and 5. During each spin, one or more reels may upgrade, causing every Free Games High Pay 1 symbol on those reels to transform into a Free Games Double High Pay 1 symbol for the remainder of the Free Games Bonus. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.5% Last modification date: 6/21/2022