Egglink Dolphin Gold EggLink Dolphin Gold is a Bet 40 25 Lines 3x5 Reel Screen Matrix during Base Game, 40 Lines 4x5 Reel Screen Matrix during Free Games and 3x5 Reel Screen Matrix during Suck Eggs Bonus slot game with Free Games, Suck Eggs Bonus and EggLink Jackpots. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.01% with any bet. GAME RULES Free Games 6, 7, 8 or 9 {Scatter Wild Dolphin} triggers 6, 9, 12 or 15 Free Games respectively. Free Games played at 40 Lines. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12 {Scatter Wild Dolphin} retriggers 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21 or 24 Free Games respectively. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Suck Eggs Bonus Any 6 or more Scatter Eggs triggers 8 Bonus Spins. Foxes collect Scatter Golden Eggs, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot or spin Weathervane during Suck Eggs Bonus only. Foxes collecting Scatter Golden Eggs, Mini Jackpot and Minor Jackpot, adds their prize totals to your payout. Fox collect Weathervane to award 1, 2, 3 or 5 Bonus Spin(s). Fox 2x collect Weathervane to award 2, 4, 6 or 10 Bonus Spin(s). Any Fox and/or Fox 2x without Scatter Golden Egg, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot or Weathervane awards 1 and 2 Bonus Spin(s) respectively. Suck Eggs Bonus is played at the triggering bet. Suck Eggs Bonus cannot be retriggered. EggLink Rules Each landing Scatter Egg contributes to EggLink Coop and may randomly trigger Golden Eggs falling from Coop, or EggLink Drop. Changing bet does not change Golden Eggs displayed in EggLink Coop. EggLink Coop always starts with 4 Golden Eggs in the coop. Any Scatter Golden Egg, Mini Jackpot or Minor Jackpot can land when Golden Eggs fall from Coop (not all Golden Eggs fall). EggLink Drop is when all Golden Eggs from EggLink Coop drop over reels. Any Scatter Egg can land during EggLink Drop. EggLink Drop guarantees Suck Eggs Bonus. EggLink Jackpots MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers after Bet Multiplier 5 increase MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes. MINI and MINOR Jackpots may appear during base game and Suck Eggs Bonus. MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots are progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots only appear during EggLink Drop. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot. The following contributions are made from each bet: 5% of the bet is contributed to the GRAND Jackpot. 6.67% of the contributions are set aside for the next jackpot. The next GRAND Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 300000 credits plus the 6.67% set aside. 1% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. The next MAJOR Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 150000 credits. The Progressive Jackpot prizes cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. GRAND and MAJOR can be awarded more than once per round. Any subsequent Grand in the same round awards 300000 credits without any pooled increment. Any subsequent Major in the same round awards 150000 credits without any pooled increment. The respective Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. There exist theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot amount may differ. If a player is in a feature and another player has won a Progressive Jackpot then the same displayed Progressive Jackpot amount will differ to that on the server. This difference will be that the displayed Progressive Jackpot will not yet be updated to the re-seeded value on the server. The displayed Progressive Jackpot will update to the server Progressive Jackpot value, at the conclusion of: Suck Eggs Bonus; & Free Games Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to instantly trigger Suck Eggs Bonus via EggLink Drop; or to trigger Free Games. The cost of the Bonus buy is displayed above the respective button. Selecting "Bonus Buy" gives the player the option to purchase the Bonus for the respective amounts indicated. The Suck Eggs Bonus & Free Games are played at the current Bet Multiplier. Bonus Buy is available in selected jurisdictions. Rules Play bet 40 for 25 Lines. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatters which pays any. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. Any 1 or more Scatter Eggs appearing with Fox collects Prize/s and Jackpots. Scatter Golden Egg prizes available at min bet are: 20, 40, 60, 80, 120, 160, 240, 320, 800 or 1600 credits. Landing Scatter Egg on symbols will pay both Scatter Egg Prize (if Fox is on screen) and symbol winning combination. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Coinciding wins are added. Highest win only on each selected payline SCATTER win. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. HOW TO PLAY Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Balance : Displays your total balance. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet : Displays the total wager staked. Total Win : Displays the accumulated wins during bonus spins Bonus Spin : Displays the number of bonus spins played together with the total number of bonus spins awarded. Free Game : Displays the number of Free Games played together with the total number of Free Games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game Button will STOP the reelspin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. BONUS BUY This is the Bonus Buy button that allows access to the Bonus Buy functionality. Buy EggLink Button to confirm purchase of EggLink and Suck Eggs Bonus at price displayed. Buy Free Games Button to confirm purchase of Free Games at price displayed.