Emerald Smash 1 Introduction: Emerald Smash is a 30 win line, 5x3 reel slot game featuring stacked symbols and the Emerald Smash reel bonus that replaces symbols. 2 How to Play: Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules: All games are played with 30 win lines. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. Line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a win line. All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. 3.1 Bets and Payouts Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features: 4.1 Emerald Smash All Emerald symbols smash to potentially create or enhance a win. All smashed Emerald symbols are replaced with the same symbol. 5 General Information: 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the main game is 96.5%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/25/2021