Elvis The King Lives Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are already multiplied by the bet per line. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. FEATURE only appears on reels 9, 10, and 11. Free Spin Feature During free spins WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Reels 1-8 during free spins do not contribute to additional spins. FEATURE only appears on reels 9, 10, and 11. Matching symbols on reels 1-4 and/or reels 5-8 that activated the feature are held during free spins. In reel columns that did not have 4 matching symbols, the symbols are replaced with larger symbols 2 rows high and 2 reels wide that act as 4 clumped symbols. During free spins, 3 scattered FEATURE on reels 9, 10, and 11 add 5 additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining plus a trigger pay of 1X total bet. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The Free Spin Feature can be triggered 2 different ways. Method 1 Match 4 symbols on reels 1-4 and/or reels 5-8 or have scattered FEATURE on reels 9, 10, and 11. 5 initial free spins are awarded with a trigger pay of 1X the total bet. Method 2 Match 4 symbols on reels 1-4 and/or reels 5-8 and have scattered FEATURE on reels 9, 10, and 11. 20 initial free spins are awarded with a trigger pay of 100X the total bet. Jukebox Feature Upon triggering the Free Spin Feature, the player transitions to the Jukebox Feature before starting free spins. The jukebox displays cash awards and 4 classic Elvis songs: Hound Dog, Blue Suede Shoes, Big Hunk O' Love and Teddy Bear. A light show will play to display which award is given to the player. Landing on one of the 4 songs will award the player an additional award and/or additional free spins for the Free Spin Feature. Hound Dog, Blue Suede Shoes and Teddy Bear award 5 or 10 additional free spins. Once the award is given to the player, the player is transitioned to the Free Spin Feature. Cash awards are 1X, 2X or 5X the total bet. 4 Classic Elvis songs award: Hound Dog - 25X Total Bet + 10 Additional Free Spins Teddy Bear - 12X Total Bet + 5 Additional Free Spins Blue Suede Shoes - 12X Total Bet + 5 Additional Free Spins Big Hunk O' Love - 8X Total Bet Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RETURN TO PLAYER = 96.09% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020