Egg Spendables Untitled Document Introduction Eggspendables is a 20 win line, 5x4 reel slot game featuring stacked symbols and three bonus features! How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 20 win lines. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. Line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a win line. Bets and Payouts All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Mystery Symbol & Re-Spin All Mystery Symbols in view change into one of the following symbols, at random: General Bonus Lieutenant Bonus Sergeant Bonus Logo Tank Helicopter TNT Rocket Launcher Grenade Red Beret Blue Beret Yellow Beret At random, the mystery symbols in view will lock into place and award a re-spin. If another mystery symbol lands after the re-spin, it too becomes locked and another re-spin is awarded. If no mystery symbols land during a re-spin, no additional re-spin is awarded and all mystery symbols are revealed. Bonus Features Sergeant Bonus 5 – 9 Bonus symbols landing in view across adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, awards the Sergeant Bonus. Spin to win one of the following awards: Lieutenant Bonus Egg | Promotion into the Lieutenant Bonus with current winnings. Multiplier | A stake multiplier and another spin. Collect | Awards a 10x stake multiplier, collects current winnings and ends the bonus. If a multiplier is awarded after the first spin, it is replaced with a bullet for the next spin. If a multiplier is awarded after any subsequent spin, it is replaced with a Lieutenant Bonus egg for the next spin. Lieutenant Bonus 10 – 14 Bonus symbols landing in view across adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, awards the Sergeant Bonus. Alternatively, the player can trigger the Lieutenant Bonus via the Sergeant Bonus. If the Lieutenant Egg symbol lands in view during the bonus, it awards an extra Free Spins and turns itself and adjacent positions WILD, except for diagonal positions. The Lieutenant Bonus initially awards 6 Free Spins however additional Free Spins can be awarded as follows: 1 Lieutenant Egg symbol in view awards 1 Free Spin. 2 Lieutenant Egg symbol in view awards 3 Free Spin. 3 Lieutenant Egg symbol in view awards 6 Free Spin. The Lieutenant Egg symbols are only available on reels 2, 3 & 4 during the Lieutenant Bonus. General Bonus 15 – 20 Bonus symbols landing in view across adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, awards the General Bonus. The General Bonus initially awards 15 Free Spins however additional Free Spins can be awarded via the red and/or green egg Bonus symbols: 5 – 9 mixed in view from leftmost reel awards 5 Free Spins. 10 - 14 mixed in view from leftmost reel awards 10 Free Spins. 15 – 20 mixed in view from leftmost reel awards 20 Free Spins. The red egg Bonus symbol adds a WILD to the plane (up to a maximum of 10 WILDS) and turns itself WILD, when landing in view. The red egg Bonus symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the General Egg symbol. The General Egg symbol, when landing in view, delivers all WILDS from the plane, except those added during the same spin, onto random symbol positions. The General Egg symbol is also WILD and substitutes for all symbols except for the bonus symbols. Any WILDS remaining in the plane during the final Free Spin are automatically added to the reels. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. GLIUK The expected payback for the main game is 96.8%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020