Egglink Silver Pride EggLink Silver Pride EggLink Silver Pride is a Bet 40 slot game with Free Games, Suck Eggs Bonus, and EggLink Jackpots. It has a variable reel screen matrix: Base Game: 243 Ways, 3x5 Reel Screen Matrix Free Games: 1024 Ways, 4x5 Reel Screen Matrix Suck Eggs Bonus: 3x5 Reel Screen Matrix During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the bet amount played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.15% with any bet. Game Rules Wild Tree Wild Tree substitutes for all symbols except {Bonus} {Scatter Eggs}. During Free Games, every Wild Tree multiplies substituting prize by 2x or 3x up to a total maximum of 27x. Appears in Base Games and Free Games on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter Eggs Any 6 or more Scatter Eggs triggers Suck Eggs Bonus. Scatter Golden Egg, Mini and Minor appear in Base Games and Suck Eggs Bonus only. Major and Grand Jackpots appears during EggLink Drop only. Bonus 3, 4 or 5 Bonus triggers 8, 15 or 20 Free Games respectively. Fox {Fox} collects {Scatter Eggs} for Prizes and Jackpots. Appears within EggLink Coop only during base games and on reels for Suck Eggs Bonus. Fox 2x {Fox 2x} collects {Scatter Eggs} for Prizes and Jackpots. All prizes with Fox 2x pay 2x. Appears during Suck Eggs Bonus only. {Fox} or {Fox 2x} spin Weathervane for extra Bonus Spin(s). {Weathervane} + {Fox} > 1, 2, 3 or 5 Bonus Spin(s) {Weathervane} + {Fox 2x} > 2, 4, 6 or 10 Bonus Spins EggLink Coop Each landing Scatter Egg contributes to EggLink Coop with the chance of triggering EggLink Drop with every collected Scatter Egg. The accumulation of Golden Eggs over time in EggLink Coop has no effect on triggering the EggLink Drop. EggLink Drop During EggLink Drop, all Golden Eggs drop off the coop. Some of the Golden Eggs stick onto reels and award Prizes and Jackpots while some others drop off the reels. EggLink Drop guarantees Suck Eggs Bonus. Suck Eggs Bonus Any 6 or more Scatter Eggs triggers 8 Bonus Spins. Foxes collect Scatter Golden Eggs, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot or spin Weathervane during Suck Eggs Bonus only. Foxes collecting Scatter Golden Eggs, Mini Jackpot and Minor Jackpot, adds their prize totals to your payout. Fox collect Weathervane to award 1, 2, 3 or 5 Bonus Spin(s). Fox 2x collect Weathervane to award 2, 4, 6 or 10 Bonus Spin(s). Any Fox and/or Fox 2x without Scatter Golden Egg, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot or Weathervane awards 1 and 2 Bonus Spin(s) respectively. Suck Eggs Bonus is played at the triggering bet. Suck Eggs Bonus cannot be retriggered. EggLink Rules Each landing Scatter Egg contributes to EggLink Coop and may randomly trigger Golden Eggs falling from Coop, or EggLink Drop. Changing bet does not change Golden Eggs displayed in EggLink Coop. EggLink Coop always starts with 4 Golden Eggs in the coop. Any Scatter Golden Egg, Mini Jackpot or Minor Jackpot can land when Golden Eggs fall from Coop (not all Golden Eggs fall). EggLink Drop is when all Golden Eggs from EggLink Coop drop over reels. Any Scatter Egg can land during EggLink Drop. EggLink Drop guarantees Suck Eggs Bonus. EggLink Jackpots MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers after Bet Multiplier 5 increase MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes. MINI and MINOR Jackpots may appear during base game and Suck Eggs Bonus. MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots are progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots only appear during EggLink Drop. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot. The following contributions are made from each bet: 1.5% of the bet is contributed to the GRAND Jackpot. 6.67% of the contributions are set aside for the next jackpot. The next GRAND Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 300000 credits plus the 6.67% set aside. 1% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. The next MAJOR Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 150000 credits. The Progressive Jackpot prizes cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. GRAND and MAJOR can be awarded more than once per round. Any subsequent Grand in the same round awards 300000 credits without any pooled increment. Any subsequent Major in the same round awards 150000 credits without any pooled increment. The respective Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. There exist theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot amount may differ. If a player is in a feature and another player has won a Progressive Jackpot then the same displayed Progressive Jackpot amount will differ to that on the server. This difference will be that the displayed Progressive Jackpot will not yet be updated to the re-seeded value on the server. The displayed Progressive Jackpot will update to the server Progressive Jackpot value, at the conclusion of: Suck Eggs Bonus Free Games Free Games 3, 4 or 5 Bonus triggers 8, 15 or 20 Free Games respectively. Free Games played at 1024 Ways. 2, 3, 4 or 5 Bonus retriggers 5, 8, 15 or 20 Free Games respectively. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to instantly trigger Suck Eggs Bonus via EggLink Drop; or to trigger Free Games. The cost of the Bonus buy is displayed above the respective button. Selecting "Bonus Buy" gives the player the option to purchase the Bonus for the respective amounts indicated. The Suck Eggs Bonus & Free Games are played at the current Bet Multiplier. Bonus Buy is available in selected jurisdictions. Rules Play bet 40 for 243 Ways All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatters which pays any. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. Any 1 or more Scatter Eggs appearing with Fox collects Prize/s and Jackpots. Scatter Golden Egg prizes available at min bet are: 20, 40, 60, 80, 120, 160, 240, 320, 800 or 1600 credits. Landing Scatter Egg on symbols will pay both Scatter Egg Prize (if Fox is on screen) and symbol winning combination. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 Ways/1024 Ways Rules For all symbols except Scatter Eggs and Bonus winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields. Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Free Games and Bonus Spins. Bonus Spin: Displays the number of bonus spins played together with the total number of bonus spins awarded. Free Game: Displays the number of Free Games played together with the total number of Free Games awarded Last modification date: 7/8/2025