Experi-Mental Experi-MENTAL Experi-MENTAL is a Bet 25, 243 ways 3x5 Reel slot game with Upgrading Feature, Expanding Wild Feature, Pick Bonus and Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.47% with any bet. Game Rules Rules 25 coins plays 243 Ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier except Scatter which are multiplied by the total bet. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except Scatter which pays any. Upgrading feature and Expanding Wild feature are triggered randomly. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Upgrading Feature Zapping 9, 10, J, Q, K or A symbols upgrades to one of the following: Test Tubes, Power Switch, Cat, Pug or Man. Wins are evaluated and paid (if any) after all reels have stopped. Expanding Wild Feature During base game, any Wild Brain may expand and replicate an extra 1 or 2 Wilds on reel. During Free games, any Wild Brain may expand and replicate an extra 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Wilds on reel. Expanding Wild Feature only triggers in a winning combination. Pick Bonus 3 Barrels will be presented for the chance to win extra Free Games. Additional Free Game options are 5, 10 or 15 extra games. Picking a barrel initiates a meter that chooses whether the extra Free Games are won or lost. Landing on green area awards initial Free Games and extra free Games. Landing on red area awards initial Free Games only. Free Games Free Games can be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu Last modification date: 4/16/2024