Elvis Lives HOW TO PLAY Game Introduction ELVIS Lives showcases four unique features which can be triggered from the Elvis Reels on any base game spin! Land Bonus Trigger symbols and go on to win feature payouts and even the lucrative jackpot! This game has 5 reels with 12 rows. RTP is 95.72% During any base game spin, reels 2, 3 and 4 can merge to form 1 oversized Elvis Reel, which contains large symbols that act as a clump of 4x3 symbols. WILD is wild for all symbols in the base game, excluding scatter symbols. Bonus Trigger symbols are scatter symbols. Select your bet To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. Bonus Trigger Bonus Trigger symbols appear on the Elvis Reel during the base game. Land one in full view to be awarded a bonus feature. Each Bonus Trigger symbol awards one of the four unique features: Aloha Free Spins Land the Bonus Trigger symbol to be awarded this feature. To begin, 7 free spins are awarded. WANDERING WILD and WANDERING DOUBLE symbols are wild for all symbols in this feature, including each other. Winning combinations containing one or more WANDERING DOUBLE symbol will payout double the standard line pay. TCB Free Spins Land the Bonus Trigger symbol to be awarded this feature. To begin, 5 free spins are awarded. GREEN, PINK and BLUE RING symbols wild for all symbols appearing in this feature including each other (for line wins only), but are not wild for scatter symbols. Land 3 of a kind of any RING symbol to be awarded a total win multiplier for that spin, as specified in the game paytable. Win 1 extra spin by landing the EXTRA SPINS symbol. Greater numbers of spins are awarded for also landing three of a kind RING symbols. Jumpsuit Picker Bonus Land the Bonus Trigger symbol to be awarded this feature. To begin, 3 picks are awarded. Choose gems to win cash prizes which will be awarded at the end of the feature. With each pick there is a chance for additional gems to be picked automatically. Pick enough gems to reach level 2, and again to reach level 3. Higher levels can award larger cash prizes. The jackpot is awarded if the gem threshold is reached on level 3, which is added to the current winnings for the feature. If the gem threshold on any level isn’t reached, the feature will end. Elvis Lives Bonus Land the Bonus Trigger symbol to be awarded this feature. Land symbols to light up the ELVIS LIVES sign above the reel. A cash prize is awarded at the end of the feature. Greater cash prizes are awarded for lighting up more letters in the sign. The Jackpot is awarded if all letters in the sign are lit. The feature will end when a spin does not light up any new letters, or if all letters in the sign are lit. Win lines The game contains 60 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the in-game paytable. This can be viewed by pressing the ‘?’ button. Legal The maximum win of a single spin will not exceed €250,000.00. Only active win lines can register wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 6/5/2020