Emerald Isle Game Rules Play 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels including Scattered Rainbow Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added Leprechaun substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Rainbow Malfunction voids all pays and plays RTP is 96.59% FEATURE RULES A Free game feature is triggered when 3 or more Rainbow appear Left to Right 10 free games are awarded, during which all prizes, except bonus round, are tripled The feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins BONUS ROUND The Bonus Round is awarded when Leprechaun appears on Reels 1 and 5. Match any prize to win the displayed prize. If a multiplier is revealed, winning prizes are multiplied by the number shown. If more than one multiplier is revealed they are added together before multiplying the prize won. Multiplier up to 5x may be awarded. Win up to 500 times your triggering bet. The Bonus Round can be won during the free games feature. Bonus Round wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the number of lines being played. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 12/29/2021