Flash Pays Blast Off Lucky Tap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.72%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins A winning play occurs when the rocket blasts oﬀ. 3 to 15 prizes can be awarded on a winning play, plus a chance to trigger the Progressive Pick Bonus feature, if all 3 are attained at the same time. Multiplier Feature If 10 or fewer prizes are awarded on any winning play, the Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated. If the Multiplier Feature is activated, a Random Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear in front of the net. All Currency Wins will be multiplied by the Random Multiplier. Progressive Pick Bonus The Progressive Pick Bonus is initiated if 3 are awarded on a winning play. During the Progressive Pick Bonus, the player continues picking model rocket motors until 3 matching objects are revealed. The Progressive Jackpot corresponding to the 3 revealed matching objects is awarded. The Multiplier Feature is not active during the Progressive Pick Bonus. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Pick Bonus must be accessed in order to win 1 of 3 Progressive Jackpots. The 3 Progressive Jackpots are: Minor, Major, and Mega. If 3 Minors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Minor Progressive is awarded. If 3 Majors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Major Progressive is awarded. If 3 Megas are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Mega Progressive is awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .17% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Minor: $45.00 Major: $150.00 Mega: $900.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 6/19/2024