Flippin Rich How to Play Wins If the play does not result in the coin being tossed into the well, the next play can be started while the coin is still midair. A winning play occurs when the coin is tossed into the well during the game round. 3 to 18 prizes are awarded on a winning play. Multiplier Feature If 10 or fewer prizes are awarded on any winning play, the Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated. If the Multiplier Feature is activated, a Random Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear above the well. All Currency Wins will be multiplied by the Random Multiplier. Progressive Pick Bonus The Progressive Pick Bonus is initiated if 3 BONUS are awarded on a winning play. During the Progressive Pick Bonus, the player continues picking coins until 3 matching objects are revealed. The Progressive Jackpot corresponding to the 3 revealed matching objects is awarded. The Multiplier Feature is not active during the Progressive Pick Bonus. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Pick Bonus must be accessed in order to win 1 of 3 Progressive Jackpots. The 3 Progressive Jackpots are: Minor, Major, and Mega. If 3 Minors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Minor Progressive is awarded. If 3 Majors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Major Progressive is awarded. If 3 Megas are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Mega Progressive is awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .17% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Minor: $45.00 Major: $150.00 Mega: $900.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multi plier: The bet multi plier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay sessi on — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 97.47%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/15/2023