Family Feud How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Family Feud™ is under license from FremantleMedia North America, Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Family Feud™ is a 6x4 ways game with 4096 ways to win. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. Only the highest win combination is paid. Collection Feature Rules: The collect symbol exists on reels 1 & 6. Land a collect symbol with any coins or jackpot symbols to trigger the collect feature. Coins and jackpot symbols exist on all reels. Coin values are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 5x and 10x the players base bet. Each collect symbol awards all coin symbols in view. Collecting a jackpot symbol awards entry into the Big Money Jackpot round. Only 1 jackpot symbol can land on any given spin. 2 collectors on the same spin collect all coins twice & award 2 jackpot picks. Big Money Jackpot Rules: There are 5 fixed jackpots to be won. Mini = 20x Minor = 50x Major = 200x Mega = 1000x Max = 5000x Upon entering the jackpot round, the player is asked a question with 5 possible answers. The player must select an answer. Each answer is linked to a random jackpot. After an answer is selected the winning jackpot is revealed. Which jackpot is revealed is predetermined. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols substitute for any symbol except for collectors, coins, jackpot & bonus symbols. The wild symbol exists on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. Bonus Symbol Rules: The bonus symbol exists on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. BONUS symbols pay anywhere on the reel. 4 bonus symbols awards a bonus choice. The bonus choice allows the player to select 1 bonus: Feud Free Spins or The Fast Money Bonus. Feud Free Spins Rules: Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. 2x, 3x & 5x wild symbols exist during free spins. If a win combination includes a multiplier wild, that win is multiplied by the appropriate number. If multiple multiplier wilds are included in a win combination the wild values are multiplied together. The collection feature is available during free spins. If one or more jackpot entries are awarded during free spins the feature will pause, all jackpot picks will play out and then the player will return to the bonus to play any remaining spins. Landing 2 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 5 additional free spins. Landing 3 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 10 additional free spins. Landing 4 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 15 additional free spins. There is no cap on the amount of times additional free spins can be awarded. Free Spins Gamble Rules: If free spins are selected, the player is awarded 15 free spins. The player may collect 15 free spins and begin the feature or gamble in an attempt to win more free spins. A winning gamble awards an additional 5 free spins and the option to either collect 20 free spins or gamble again. The process repeats until the player either collects their free spins, reaches the maximum number of free spins or has a losing gamble. A losing gamble automatically starts the feature with 5 spins less than at the start of that particular gamble. The maximum number of starting spins that can be awarded is 30. The minimum number of starting spins that can be awarded is 10. Fast Money Bonus Rules: The Fast Money Bonus features collectors, coins, jackpot symbols & "X" symbols only. At least 1 collector is guaranteed on every spin. 'X' symbols exist on reels 2 – 5. The feature continues until three 'X' symbols on any one spin. If one or more jackpot entries are awarded during The Fast Money Bonus the feature will pause, all jackpot picks will play out and then the player will return to the bonus to play any remaining spins. Hold & Hit Ante Rules: If the Hold & Hit Ante is active it gives improved odds of triggering free spins. If the Hold & Hit Ante is active the player's total bet is increased by 40%. The base bet remains the same. If the Hold & Hit Ante is active and if exactly 3 bonus symbols are in view at the end of a spin, the Hold & Hit feature is triggered. The Hold & Hit feature allows players to hold the reels on which bonus symbols are in view and respin the reel where a 4th scatter may land. Only bonus symbols are active during the respin. No other symbols are in play and no ways wins will be paid as a result of any symbol that land during the respin. The Hold & Hit Ante Bet may not be available in the game you are playing. The Hold & Hit Ante is optional. The Hold & Hit Ante is not available in free bet mode. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy the bonus choice from the base game. Buying the bonus choice will cost 100x the players regular bet. Feature buy is not available when the Hold & Hit Ante is active. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/24/2025