Furlong Fortunes Jumps 1. Introduction Furlong Fortunes is a 20 line, 5x3 slot game featuring a Spin and Multiply bonus. 2. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3. Game Rules All games are played with 20 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except Coin, starting from the leftmost reel. 4. Features 4.1 Race Day Bonus A race day bonus is triggered by 6 or more coin symbols landing anywhere in view on reels 1-5. The game enters a respin feature with 3 lives; any Coins that land in view stick, all other positions re-spin independently. - Each time a coin lands in view lives reset to 3 - Each time a coin does not land a life is lost Once all lives are lost or all positions are filled, the game transitions to the boost screen. Any boost coin symbols won are applied to all horses, remaining coins must be spread across one or more of the horses. Once all coins have been placed, the player may start the race. Once the race is complete and the result is announced; the player is awarded the coin value assigned to the race winner multiplied by the current bet. 4.2 Horse Selection Upon entering for the first time, the game will display a horse selection screen The currently selected horse can be changed by pressing the “CHANGE HORSE” button when available. Horses currently on a win streak are not available for selection. If the player’s horse wins 2 or 3 races in-a-row then the player wins the streak bonus in addition to other race winnings. Win 2 in-a-row with your horse for 100x bet Win 3 in-a-row with your horse for 1000x bet The in-a-row winning streak bonus is saved to the current bet. 4.3 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 96.50%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Copyright © Inspired Entertainment Incorporated 2007-2019 Applicable date from: 01/05/19