Fortune Reels FORTUNE REELS The game has 6 reels, 6 rows and 46,656 ways to win. Wins are paid for combinations of 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical symbols on an active bet line. Only the highest win is paid. Wild is a paying symbol and substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols (Gold Coin and Sack symbols). Prizes for the Gold Coin symbol equal bet value multiplied by x1-x10. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus or Sack Mini Bonus. After all wins are paid the winning symbols are replaced by falling symbols from above. SPECIAL FEATURES Mini Sack Bonus A draw of the Sack symbol together with up to 5 Gold Coin symbols during the base game results in the prizes on Gold Coin symbols to be paid out to the player. Hold the Jackpot Bonus A draw of at least 6 Gold Coin symbols during the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Gold Coins that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus, which fall to the bottom of the reels. Gold Coin symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stay on the reels. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played on 27 independent reels separated into the upper reels and lower reels. Upper reels consist of 3 big reels. Only Special Bonus symbols can be drawn on these reels. Lower reels consist of 24 reels. Only Gold Coin symbols can be drawn on these reels. Special Bonus symbols include: Big Gold Coin symbol, Tree symbol, MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols, as well as the MYSTERY symbol. When the Big Gold Coin symbol is drawn, the value of all Gold Coin symbols on the 8 reels underneath it is added together and multiplied by x1-x9. When the Tree symbol is drawn, between 3 to 8 Gold Coin symbols appear on the 8 reels underneath it. If a Gold Coin symbol appears on a reel that already had a Gold Coin symbol, their value will be added together. Prizes for the MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols are paid according to the paytable. MYSTERY symbol can take the value of other Bonus symbols, including the Gold Coin, Big Gold Coin, Tree or MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols. Drawing for the value of the Mystery symbol takes place at the end of Hold the Jackpot Bonus. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus round. Every time any Bonus symbol is drawn, it resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus ends when all respins are finished or all 27 reels (upper and lower) are filled with Bonus symbols. When Hold the Jackpot Bonus ends, the prize is paid according to the values of the Bonus symbols. The GRAND prize is paid when all 27 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated the bonus Malfunction voids all pays and plays MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Levels Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 1/24/2024