Family Feud LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.92%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins A winning bet occurs when a hand hits the buzzer lighting up the podium completely . A random amount of credit prizes will be awarded on a win. Prizes won are revealed when the board corresponding to that prize flips over . Players can also be awarded additional Rounds or the Fast Money Bonus. Rounds There is a chance for a prize to reveal the advance icon , which awards the next round. There are up to three rounds in total. Each round offers different prizes with different amounts. On Round 1, 1 to 8 credit prizes may be awarded on a win. On Round 2, 1 to 6 credit prizes may be awarded on a win. Possible prize values have been doubled from the first round. On Round 3, 2 to 5 credit prizes may be awarded on a win. Possible prize values have been tripled from the first round. Fast Money Bonus There is a chance for a prize to reveal the Fast Money Bonus icon , which awards the Fast Money Bonus. Fast Money Bonus can be awarded during any round. When it triggers, no further rounds can be won and the game ends after the bonus. Players pick from 15 buzzers to reveal green arrows that increase the earned prize during the bonus. If the player reveals three strikes , then the bonus ends and the player gets awarded the prize obtained. 1 to 4 arrows may be revealed during the bonus. The prizes available on the Fast Money Bonus are as follows: 4 Arrows revealed: $250.00 3 Arrows revealed: $30.00 2 Arrows revealed: $10.00 1 Arrow revealed: $5.00 The prizes above are at minimum bet. Last modification date: 2/17/2026