Friends : The One With The Bursting Bonus Friends. "The One With The Bursting Bonus" How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Friends. "The One With The Bursting Bonus" is under license from Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin, a wheel spin, close in-game messages or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Holding down the space bar will result in continued turbo spins. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. Game info can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Only 5 JACKPOT symbols on a payline award the top jackpot. During the base game, before the reel spin initiates, a number of positions on reel 1 will be replaced with a PHOEBE symbol, a PIZZA symbol or a ROSS symbol. During the base game, before the reel spin initiates, a number of positions on reel 5 will be replaced with a CHANDLER symbol, a TAKEAWAY CUP symbol or a MONICA symbol. The JACKPOT symbol is WILD. The WILD symbol is a Wild. The WILD symbol appears on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except for the COFFEE CUP symbol and BONUS symbols. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Bonus symbol pays anywhere on the reels. Full Reel Wild Feature: On any wagered spin, the Full Reel Wild Feature may trigger. During the Full Reel Wild Feature, 2-5 reels may be randomly replaced with a FULL REEL WILD symbol. The FULL REEL WILD symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except for the COFFEE CUP symbol and Bonus symbols. In addition, the GUNTHER, RACHEL, and/or JOEY features may become active for the current spin. The Full Reel Wild Feature may trigger without any features or with one or three. If the GUNTHER feature is active, each COFFEE CUP symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. If the GUNTHER feature is not active, but COFFEE CUP symbols land on at least 3 scattered reels, each COFFEE CUP symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. If the JOEY feature is active, 2-8 WILD symbols may be placed randomly on screen on positions that do not contain FULL REEL WILD symbols. If the RACHEL feature is also active, instead 3-12 WILD symbols may be placed randomly on screen on positions that do not contain FULL REEL WILD symbols. If the RACHEL feature is active, the number of active rows will increase to 6 and an additional 45 winning lines are used. An alternate set of reels is used during The Full Reel Wild Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except JACKPOT symbols and all Bonus Symbols do not appear. Coffee Cup Feature: Each COFFEE CUP symbol displays 1.33 -166.66 x bet. If the GUNTHER feature is active during The Full Reel Wild Feature or Free Spin Bonus, each COFFEE CUP symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. Otherwise, if a COFFEE CUP symbol lands on at least 3 scattered reels, each COFFEE CUP symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. All prizes displayed on the COFFEE CUP symbols have already been multiplied by the bet multiplier. If a COFFEE CUP symbol lands on top of a FULL REEL WILD during The Full Reel Wild Feature or on top of a WILD symbol placed by the JOEY feature during the Free Spin Bonus or The Full Reel Wild Feature, that COFFEE CUP symbol is still evaluated and that FULL REEL WILD or WILD symbol is still evaluated. Respin Feature: The RACHEL symbol, PHOEBE symbol, ROSS symbol, JOEY symbol, GUNTHER symbol, CHANDLER symbol, MONICA symbol, and BONUS symbol are Bonus Symbols. During the base game, Bonus Symbols scattered on at least 3 reels trigger the Free Spin Bonus. On any wagered spin, an alternate set of reels may be used, which will land with Bonus Symbols scattered on all 5 reels. During the base game, if we have 2 Bonus Symbols scattered on different reels then trigger the Respin Feature and award 1 respin. During the respin, each reel with at least 1 Bonus Symbol will lock in place. All other reels will respin. Line pays and COFFEE Cup Feature awards are not re-evaluated after the respin. If line pays or Coffee Cup Feature awards occurred on the triggering spin, those line pays and Coffee Cup Feature awards will be awarded before the Respin Feature and the Free Spin Bonus, if triggered. If line pays that occurred on the triggering spin cause the Turkey Jackpot to be awarded, the Turkey Jackpot will be awarded before the Respin Feature and the Free Spin Bonus, if triggered. After the respin, if there are Bonus Symbols scattered on at least 3 reels, the Free Spin Bonus is triggered. BONUS symbols does not appear on the base game reels. An alternate set of reels is used during the Respin Feature. Only Bonus Symbols are evaluated on these reels. During the base game and the Respin Feature, the PHOEBE symbol and the ROSS symbol only appear on reel 1, the JOEY symbol only appears on reel 2, the GUNTHER symbol only appears on reel 3, the RACHEL symbol only appears on reel 4, and the CHANDLER symbol and the MONICA symbol only appear on reel 5. Free Spins Bonus: The Free Spin Bonus awards 7 free spins. If there are 3 or more reels with bonus symbols, then Free Spins can be triggered. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered. FREE SPINS are guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x the total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 10x is automatically increased to 10x the total bet, and shown at the end of the feature. If the PHOEBE symbol participated in the bonus trigger combination, 5 additional free spins are awarded. Otherwise, if the COFFEE CUP symbol lands on at least 3 scattered reels, each COFFEE CUP symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. In addition, if any of the following symbols participated in the bonus trigger combination, the corresponding features are awarded for the duration of the bonus: Rachel Ross Joey Gunther Chandler Monica If the Rachel feature is active, the number of active rows will increase to 6 and an additional 45 winning lines are used. If the Joey feature is active, on each spin, 2-10 WILD symbols will be placed randomly on screen. If the Rachel feature is also active, instead 3-15 WILD symbols will be placed randomly on screen. If the Chandler feature is active, on each spin, all line pays will be multiplied by a random multiplier of 2-10x. At the end of each spin, if the Ross feature is active, the reels may be upgraded to the next highest level. The level determines whether certain symbols appear on the reel set. Once level 9 is reached, the reels will not be upgraded further. If the Ross feature is not active, all spins will be played at level 1. During the Free Spin Bonus, 3 or more scattered BONUS symbols award 7 additional free spins. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spin Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are the same as the base game except a JACKPOT symbol does not appear, a BONUS symbol appears, and all other Bonus Symbols do not appear. If Free Spins has been triggered with MONICA, there is a better chance of triggering the Turkey bonus. If the GUNTHER feature is active, each COFFEE CUP symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. Turkey Jackpot: The Turkey Jackpot might be awarded on every win with a TURKEY symbol and has a fixed award of 100x total bet. If the MONICA feature is active during the Free Spin Bonus and any win with Turkey Symbols is awarded on a given free spin the Turkey Jackpot may randomly be awarded. If a win is awarded for a TURKEY symbol line pay on any spin the Turkey Jackpot may randomly be awarded. The Turkey Jackpot can’t be won during The Full Reel Wild feature. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.03%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/25/2025