Friends: The One With Multi Drop How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Friends. "The One With Multi Drop" is under license from Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Friends. "The One With Multi Drop" is a 6x5 cluster pays video slot featuring multiplier symbols and free spins. 8 or more matching symbols anywhere on the screen form a winning combination. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the remaining symbols fall down. New symbols then fall down onto the reels to fill any empty spaces. A round stops when there are no more wins visible on the reels. The total number of matching symbols at the end of each cascade determines the value of the win. Only the highest win combination is paid. BONUS Symbol Rules: The BONUS symbols exist on all reels. BONUS symbols pay anywhere on the reel. Landing 4 or more BONUS symbols triggers free spins. MULTIPLIER Symbol Rules: MULTIPLIER symbols exist on all reels. The multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x and 200x. The values of all multipliers are collected at the end of a spin and are added together. The total win of the game round is multiplied by the final value. Free Spins Rules: Landing 4 BONUS symbols award 15 free spins. Landing 5 BONUS symbols award 15 free spins with a starting multiplier of 5x. Landing 6 BONUS symbols award 15 free spins with a starting multiplier of 10x. Multipliers collected in the free spins are added to the total multiplier if there is a winning combination. The total multiplier is only applied to the total win whenever a new multiplier is collected. Landing 3, 4, 5 or 6 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 5, 7, 10 or 15 additional free spins. There is no cap on the amount of additional free spins that can be awarded. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Ante Bet Rules: The Ante Bet can be toggled on and off in the base game. When the Ante Bet is toggled on, the player pays an extra 40% of their base bet. The Ante Bet gives improved odds of triggering Free Spins. When the Ante Bet is active, wins are paid out based on the players base bet. The RTP when the Ante Bet is active is 94.26%. The Ante Bet may not be available in the game you are playing. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Paying 100x the players regular bet triggers free spins with an RTP of 94.39%. After purchasing, 4, 5 or 6 BONUS symbols may land to trigger free spins. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.33%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/9/2025