Flame Busters Game Rules Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. Note : The Flame Busters video slot is referred to as Flame Busters, The Game or Game. Flame Busters is a video slot with 5 reels and 243 fixed pay ways. The game features a wild symbol, a Fire symbol, Fire drill and a bonus game triggered by scatters. The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. The appearance of 3 or more scatters triggers the Bonus game consisting of free spins. Fire symbol: is a symbol that will be replaced by any other symbol except for wild and scatter symbols. All Fire symbols will be replaced by the same symbol type. Coin Ignition: is a feature that will transform low win symbols into the fire symbol. Fire Drill: is a randomly triggered feature in the base game. The Fire Drill will select minimum 1 to maximum 5 random Coin symbols that will be transformed into the Fire symbol. All Coin symbols of the same type as the selected Coin symbols will be transformed into the Fire symbol. Bonus Game: any scatter symbol that appear in the Bonus game will advance the Alarm bell counter with one. If the Alarm Bell counter reaches three, the bonus game will progress one level and 2 extra free spins are awarded. When advancing a Bonus game level, a Coin symbol will transform into a Fire Symbol for the remainder of the Bonus game. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. Only the highest win per pay way is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the pay table. All pay way wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. A wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except for the scatter symbol. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Last modification date: 5/16/2017