Fruit Collector 1 Introduction Fruit Collector is a 10 line, 5x3 slot game featuring a Multi Cash Collector bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay across adjacent reels. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features 4.1 Multi Cash Collector Bonus 6 or more FRUIT CASH plus FRUIT COLLECTOR in view triggers the bonus. FRUIT CASH & FRUIT COLLECTOR symbols will lock in view, all other positions respin up to 5 times or until all positions are filled. Once respins are complete the value displayed on all FRUIT CASH symbols in view is awarded for each FRUIT COLLECTOR in view. FRUIT CASH symbols can contain values of 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 25x, 50x OR 100x. Cash collector prizes displayed on FRUIT CASH symbols are multiples of the players stake. Values displayed on FRUIT CASH symbols are only available during the bonus. FRUIT CASH symbols only appear on reels 1-4 FRUIT COLLECTOR symbols only appear on reel 5. 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £219,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.90%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020