Furballs The aim of the game is to match 5 of the same type of Furballs on a 7x7 grid. Getting Started Once the game has loaded, you're shown a quick tutorial on how to play. You can accelerate it by clicking the game window. Playing the Game Press the big "Play" button to refresh the Furballs on the 7x7 grid. Furballs can be matched horizontally and vertically, in any direction. Pressing the menu button to the right above the stake information, gives you access to all of the game information and settings, including the paytables and information on all of the different Furballs. Setting Your Stake Before pressing "Play" you're able to choose your stake by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the screen. The stake will be shown in the "Total Stake" meters. How to win Match 5 or more Furballs either vertically or horizontally Matching them causes them to burst, causing you to win The connected Furballs disappear, allowing new ones to replace them Game Recovery If a real play game is interrupted (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result before the game was interrupted. General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) ranging from 87.88% - 97.94% based upon player’s progression. The progressive jackpot provides 1.25% (from player contributions) All features except ‘FreeFalls’ are pre-determined. The maximum payout in one play is capped at £250,000 / €250,000 excluding progressive jackpot. Progressive Jackpot can exceed £250,000 / €250,000. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. If your device is compatible, this game can be played both in portrait or landscape mode. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Copyright © Copyright 2017 CORE Gaming Limited – All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 10/24/2019