FRKN Bananas ABOUT THE GAME Looky here, looky there, it’s FRKN Bananas everywhere! Welcome to the city of Peelington, a place where you can only go left or up, everyone prefers sticky over smooth and where victory is oh so sweet. Bananas are what’s on the menu, so join these unruly fruits in a 6-reel, 5-row paylines game with a max win of 10,000 times your bet! The max win can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES BANANA SPLIT? NO, BANANA SPREAD! Spreading Banana symbols can point either to the left, or up. When a Spreading Banana lands, additional Spreading Banana symbols will spread from that symbol either left or up depending on the direction the original Spreading Banana symbol points. When it points up, Spreading Banana symbols will spread upward on the same reel to the edge of the grid, and when it points left Spreading Banana symbols will spread to the left on the same row to the edge of the grid. The spreading will only occur if the Spreading Bananas would be part of at least one winning combination after spreading. All Spreading Banana symbols are wild multipliers that substitute for the other symbols in the paytable. Each Spreading Banana symbol will reveal its multiplier value after landing, before spreading. All Spreading Bananas created by spreading will take on the same multiplier value as the Spreading Banana symbol they originate from. If two Spreading Banana symbols spread over the same grid position, their multiplier values will be added together on that position. Spreading Banana symbols can have one of the following multiplier values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x When at least one Spreading Banana symbol is part of a winning payline, the multiplier is applied to the win. If a winning payline includes more than one Spreading Banana symbol, the multiplier values are added together before being applied to the win. BANANZA! Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the BANANZA! bonus game with 10 free spins. This bonus game maintains the mechanics of the base game with an increased chance of landing Spreading Banana symbols with high-value multipliers! In addition, the Spreading Banana symbols land on more favorable positions on the grid, optimizing the Banana Spread mechanic. Landing additional FS symbols during the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 additional spins, 3 FS symbols award 4 additional spins. BANANA BLITZ! Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the BANANA BLITZ! bonus game with 10 free spins. This bonus game features Sticky Banana symbols and the Go Bananas symbol. Landed Sticky Banana symbols stay on the grid until the end of the bonus. Each Sticky Banana symbol is given a new random multiplier on each spin from one of the following values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x If there is a minimum of one Sticky Banana symbol on the grid and you land a Go Bananas symbol, the Go Bananas mechanic will activate immediately. When activated, the Go Bananas symbol will reveal a value between 3 - 10. This number represents the number of Banana copies that will be created from each of the Sticky Banana symbols currently on the grid. Example: If there are 3 Sticky Banana symbols on the grid when landing a Go Bananas symbol that reveals a value of 3, 9 copied Bananas will be added to the grid. Some Bananas can land on top of each other, reducing the actual number of Bananas that appear on the grid. Copied Bananas are wild multipliers symbols that will appear in random positions on the grid and substitute for other symbols in the paytable. A copied Banana symbol will always have the same multiplier value as the Sticky Banana symbol it was copied from. If two copied Banana symbols land on the same position, their multiplier values will be added together. Copied Bananas are removed from the grid on the next spin. Go Bananas symbols are also removed on the next spin. Landing additional FS symbols during the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 additional spins, 3 FS symbols award 4 additional spins. The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 94.29%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS All types of Banana symbols are Wild and substitute for the other symbols in the paytable. Upward Spreading Banana symbols cannot land anywhere on row 1 in any game mode. Left Spreading Banana symbols cannot land anywhere on reel 1 in any game mode. Copied Banana symbols cannot land on Sticky Banana symbols in the BANANA BLITZ! Bonus game. Go Bananas symbols are not Wild symbols Copied Banana symbols cannot land on Go Bananas symbols in the BANANA BLITZ! Bonus game. Copied Banana symbols cannot land on FS symbols in the BANANA BLITZ! Bonus game. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.31%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying SPREAD ‘EM FEATURESPINS™ is 96.33%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. FS symbols cannot land in this game mode. The RTP when buying BANANZA! is 96.21%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying BANANA BLITZ! is 96.32%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + B or F - Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page - SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 - Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 - FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + ENTER - Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 1/28/2026