Feather of the Nile GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. RTP: 96.0% BASE GAME RULES Wilds are wild and substitutes for all symbols except Purple Scrolls. Wilds appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. There are three multiplier meters, each corresponding to three symbols. Yellow Meter corresponds to Yellow Diamond, Yellow Square Gem, and Yellow Circle. Red Meter corresponds to Red Ra Head, Red Circle Gem, and Red Circle. Green Meter corresponds to Green Scarab, Green Pentagon Gem, and Green Circle. All three multiplier meters start with a value of 1x. Line wins with Yellow Circle, Red Circle, or Green Circle contribute points equal to the number of winning symbols on that line to increasing the value of the corresponding multiplier meter. Wilds substituting as Yellow Circle, Red Circle, or Green Circle counts as that symbol for the purposes of contributing points. Every 33 points contributed to a multiplier meter increase the value of that meter by 1x. After all points have been contributed to the multiplier meters, all wins with Yellow Diamond, Yellow Square Gem, Red Ra Head, Red Circle Gem, Green Scarab, or Green Pentagon Gem are multiplied by the value of the corresponding multiplier meter if the value of that meter is at least 2x. After all points have been contributed to the multiplier meters, all wins with [JP1] are multiplied by the sum of the values of the three multiplier meters. After all wins have been paid, if the value of a win was multiplied by the value of a multiplier meter, then that meter is reset to a value of 1x with 0 contributed points. All feature progress earned applies only at that total amount bet. Each Feather appearing on the reels is collected and will be applied to the next Free Games Bonus Name. Feather appears only on reel 5. All Feather collected apply only at that total amount bet. FREE GAMES BONUS RULES During the base game, 3 or more PURPLE SCROLLS appearing in any position on the reels starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 PURPLE SCROLLS awards 7 free games. 4 PURPLE SCROLLS awards 12 free games. 5 PURPLE SCROLLS awards 20 free games. PURPLE SCROLLS are scatter symbols. Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols. Wild Symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. During the Free Games Bonus there are three multiplier meters, each corresponding to two symbols. Teal Meter corresponds to Teal Heart and Teal Diamond. Pink Meter corresponds to Pink Square and Pink Heart Gem. Purple Meter corresponds to Purple Diamond and Purple Triangle Jewel. At the start of the Free Games Bonus, all three multiplier meters are set to a value of 2x. Then, for each Feather collected during the base game, a random multiplier meter is increased by 1x and the number of Feather collected is reset to 0. At the start of each free game after the first, each multiplier meter has a random chance to increase by 1x. On each free game, all wins with Teal Heart, Teal Diamond, Pink Square, Pink Heart Gem, Purple Diamond, or Purple Triangle Jewel are multiplied by the current value of the corresponding multiplier meter. On each free game, all wins with [FGJP1] are multiplied by the sum of the values of the three multiplier meters. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 6/14/2022