Frozen Inferno Frozen Inferno is a 5 reel game with two game modes, Frozen and Inferno. The game starts with an option thrown at the player to select either frozen or inferno game. The game begins with a single wild placed in the third reel. With each game that is played it can freeze or move around the reel window. HOW TO PLAY Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 40 win lines. The win lines are not adjustable in this game. Start the game Press SPIN (the button showing an arrow) to initiate the game. Persisting bonus During the Frozen base game, any time ICE lands within the array, FROZEN WILD will appear in the same position. Any FROZEN WILD on the array remain in place until the Free Spin Bonus has triggered. During the Inferno base game, any time FIRE lands within the array, a ROVING WILD is added to an adjacent position next to already visible ROVING WILD. On the start of every spin, all ROVING WILD move adjacently by one position. After the first spin of a session, or after the first spin upon returning from the Free Spin Bonus, altering the current bet will reset the number and position of FROZEN WILD or ROVING WILD to their initial layout. FREE SPIN BONUS During either base game, after 4 FROZEN WILD or 4 ROVING WILD have been added to the array, ICE BONUS or FIRE BONUS landing within the array will trigger the Free Spin Bonus. The player is awarded unlimited free spins until 5 wins are achieved. Free spins cannot be retriggered. If a spin yields any winning combinations, the leftmost triggered base game reel changes to the opposite base game’s reel (Inferno to Frozen / Frozen to Inferno) and any winning combinations are then awarded to the player. After all 5 reels have changed to the opposite base game’s reels, any winning combinations are awarded to the player and the bonus ends. After the Free Spin Bonus has completed, the player is returned to the opposite base game that originally triggered the Free Spin Bonus. A maximum of 4 FROZEN WILDS and 4 ROVING WILDS can be achieved during the Free Spin Bonus. ICE only appears on Frozen reels. FIRE only appears on Inferno reels. FROZEN WILD and ROVING WILD functionality is the same as the base games. Game Rules Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The Total Bet is the number of lines multiplied by the stake bet on each line. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Wins on different lines are added together and scatter wins (if available) are added to payline wins. A win can occur on any or all of these lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.36%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021