Fu Lai Cai Lai 5 Sea Legends FU LAI CAI LAI 5 SEA LEGENDS™, experience an enriching variety of gameplay and surprising riches, such as ways wins with 1 or more substituting WILD are multiplied by 5x, 6 free games will be awarded when FREE GAME FEATURE is triggered, also when Gold WILD appears on reels there is a chance the JACKPOT FEATURE may be triggered. This game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 243 ways to win . HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. UI:- BUTTONS Title Icon Action Spin Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop Stops the reel spin immediately (wherever applicable). Autoplay Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins consecutively (wherever applicable). Autoplay Stop Press to stop Autoplay session manually (wherever applicable). Bet Displays the bet options for the player to select the level of their Bet. Menu Displays a settings screen with the following options to choose: Bet, Info and Help. Audio Choose to enable/disable the sound. Turbo Spin Turn on/off to change the speed of the Spin to a faster/normal spin (Wherever Applicable). Gamble Start the gamble game - Press the GAMBLE button at a win. Collect Collect the win or go back to the base game. SETTING BUTTONS Title Icon Action Paytable & Help Choose to view the Paytable and feature descriptions for the game. Bet Settings Displays the Coin value available for the player to select and change the level of their bet. Help Displays the detailed information about the game. Setting Close Close the window. Max Displays the maximum bet. [IMPORTANT]: AUTOPLAY AND TURBO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE GAME YOU ARE PLAYING. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current minimum bet. Coin Value: The coin value determines your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable) – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Credits: Displays the credit amount of the player. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency. WILD Substitutes for all symbols except . Appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Does not appear on reel 1. Ways wins with 1 or more substituting WILD are multiplied by 5x. FREE GAMES FEATURE 3 or more appearing on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel trigger the FREE GAMES FEATURE. 6 free games will be awarded when FREE GAME FEATURE is triggered. Different reels are used during the FREE GAMES. Before FREE GAMES start, select 1 of the symbols from the available options: The Available Options 3 or more appearing on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel retrigger the FEATURE during free game, however the selection of the symbol option is not made again. During FREE GAMES, the reels only contain the selected picture symbol, , , , , , , , and . TOTAL NUMBER OF EACH SYMBOLS ON MINI GAME 188 158 128 108 88 If the FREE GAMES FEATURE is triggered in the same game as the JACKPOT FEATURE, the FREE GAMES FEATURE starts after the JACKPOT FEATURE ends. If the JACKPOT FEATURE is triggered during the free games, any remaining free games resume after the JACKPOT FEATURE ends. All bets and ways played during the FREE GAMES FEATURE are the same as the game that triggered the FREE GAMES FEATURE. JACKPOT FEATURE There is a chance the JACKPOT FEATURE may be triggered when appears. There are 4 JACKPOT levels. AND . In the JACKPOT FEATURE, select from 12 ingots until 3 matching symbols corresponding to a JACKPOT level are revealed. When 3 matching JACKPOT level symbols have been revealed, the corresponding JACKPOT level is won and the JACKPOT FEATURE ends. The chances of revealing each symbol are not equal. SYMBOLS PRIZES Jackpot can be won during base game and free game. Jackpot fixed prize:- 200,000 75,000 3,750 2,000 Jackpot win will be multiplied by the coin value. GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win, Press the GAMBLE button. Select a Suit, Red/Black or Collect. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Win may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. All wins cannot be gambled if the Jackpot is triggered. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum of 88 CREDITS to play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol appearing on a reel is counted once per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. wins multiplied by the coin value. wins are added to wins. All wins are multiplied by coin value. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. Free Games wins are added to ways wins. Only highest win is paid . Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. provides for 243 ways to win. wins are winning combinations that appear in any position on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel, except scatters. Only one symbol from each reel comprises each winning combination. LOBBY BAR: Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable). Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop on any win: Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game. “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP The return to player of the game is 96.34%. VERSION This is game rules version 1.1 dated 05-10-2024. Last modification date: 1/2/2025