Frogblox Game description Welcome to the heart of the lush, humid Amazon! Out in a brightly-lit clearing, a colorful crumbling stone temple wrapped in strangler fig trees and banyans has provided the habitat for a colony of vibrant rainforest frogs. Frogblox is a slot with dropping symbols on a 6 row by 6 column main grid and a 2 row by 6 column feature shelf. Core game features: The game has a main grid where payout symbols drop in along with frogs and lily pad feature symbols. The feature shelf has all the other feature symbols, but also frogs that drop in. The frogs do their best to pull down and collect all the feature symbols and boost any winnings. Both grids are also partly filled with blocker symbols that can explode and be removed in various ways to access the feature symbols but also trigger the bonus game. Removing all blocker symbols from the main grid awards the free drops bonus game. Paylines Frogblox starts with a random number of ways to win and can increase to a maximum of 46,656 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in the game rules. Game rules Frogblox is a 6 column, 6 rows slot with dropping symbols. All drops in normal mode start with 6 rows and a varying number of ways to win. The number of ways to win depends on the number and placement of blocker symbols on the main grid. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button.The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Frogblox is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. Wins begin with the first leftmost column and only pay from left to right on consecutive columns. No gaps between the columns are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. All low, high, kicker and wild symbols exist in two sizes; standard 1x1 and big 2x2. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. A big 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols. Big symbols can only be created by the feature shelf. The frog on the main grid can activate a frog on the feature shelf. The frog on the feature shelf interacts with all feature shelf symbols except blockers, bombs and other frogs. The activated frog on the feature shelf is pulled down by the frog on the main grid which causes an avalanche in the affected columns, and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The frog on the main grid remains or turns into a wild symbol. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Frogblox is 94.1%. The game will be capped at 25 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Malfunction Voids plays and pays. Last modification date: 2/26/2025