Foxin Wins Foxin’ Wins is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature, Random Bonus and Superbet to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.22% for No Superbet (25 coin), 95.33% for Superbet 10CR (35 Coin) and 95.62% for Superbet 25CR (50 coin) . Game Rules Play 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked (Excluding Super Bet) Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered POT All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered POT which pays any FOX substitutes for all other symbols except scattered POT. On any spin, a Fox Pup inside a Reel may turn a symbol WILD SUPER BET Super Bet is an ADDITIONAL WAGER that can be adjusted with the control beside the Reels to provide the following enhancements Super Bet off (25 Coins): Fox Pup in Reel 3 Super Bet 1 (35 Coins): Fox Pups in Reels 2, 3, 4 Super Bet 2 (50 Coins): Fox Pups in Reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more POT appear During the Free Games Fox Pups appear more frequently All prizes are doubled during the Free Games Feature The Free Games Feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins RANDOM BONUS The Random Bonus can be awarded after any paid spin Keep a lookout for either Fox Funds or Leprechaun Shakedown and win the prizes shown During Leprechaun Shakedown, Prizes are only awarded if the Leprechaun is caught All prizes are awarded as displayed Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and play Last modification date: 12/29/2021