Flash Pays Magician LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multi plier: The bet multi plier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay butt on and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games oﬀering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.74%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Incomplete games will be stored for a minimum of 15 minutes. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the incomplete game round. If a game is incomplete for longer than the stated time period, the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins If the magic top hat does not release sparkles during the game round, the next game round can be initiated before the magic top hat stops shaking. A winning play occurs when the magic top hat releases sparkles during the game round.3 to 18 prizes are awarded on a winning play. Multiplier Feature If 10 or fewer prizes are awarded on any winning play, the Multi plier Feature may randomly be activated. If the Multi plier Feature is activated, a random multi plier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear. All Currency Wins will be multi plied by the random multi plier. Dice Game The Dice Game is initiated if the 3 are awarded on a winning play. During the Dice Game, the player rolls two dice and collects Currency Wins. At minimum bet, Currency Wins during the Dice Game are awarded according to the following table: Sum of Dice Currency Win 6 or 8 $0.40 5 or 9 $0.60 4 or 10 $0.80 3 or 11 $1.20 2 or 12 $2.00 7 on Roll 1 $1.40+ Collect 7 on Roll 2+ Collect When a 7 is rolled, the accumulated Currency Wins are awarded. The Multiplier Feature is not active during the Dice Game. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 2/7/2023