Fighter Pit ABOUT THE GAME Victory is just a punch away! Think you’ve got what it takes to take on punk rockers and pirate lords? In this gritty back-alley battleground, the streets become the ultimate arena. In Fighter Pit, every spin brings you one step closer to sweet, sweet glory! This 5-reel, 4-row game with payline wins offers the chance to win up to 10,000 times your bet in all game modes. Are you ready to go toe-to-toe with the baddest fighters in the pit? FEATURES PICK YOUR FIGHTER Decide which fighters should be displayed outside the grid by clicking on their miniature images on the top of the grid. This choice will have no impact on the outcome of the game. WILD FIST REELS When a Fist symbol activates, it expands into a Wild Fist Reel that starts from the position of the Fist symbol and rises upwards to the top of the reel. Fist symbols only activate if the expanded Wild Reel is part of at least one winning combination once expanded. Wild Fist Reels act as Wild symbols on all positions they cover and substitute for all other paying symbols. Fist symbols belong to either the Red team or the Green team, which is indicated by the color of the symbol. If the Fist symbol passes through (“punches”) a Fighter symbol of the opposite team or a Wild symbol, a multiplier will be added to the Wild Fist Reel. This multiplier will be applied to each winning combination it is part of. If the Fist symbol expands through multiple Fighter symbols, the multipliers will be added together and then applied to the expanded Wild Fist Reel. If a winning combination includes more than one Wild Fist Reel, their multipliers are added together before being applied to the win. The possible multiplier values are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x. Only one Fist symbol can land on a reel at a time. SHOWDOWN Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 10 free spins. This bonus game maintains the mechanics of the base game. In addition, the Red and Green teams battle against each other to reach higher Victory Levels. Each team starts at Victory Level 3+. Each time a Fist symbol punches an opponent's Fighter or a Wild symbol, the Fist's team earns one Victory Point. For example, the Red team gains one Victory Point when a Red Fist punches a Fighter symbol from the Green team. Each team’s Victory Points are counted in the bars outside the grid. When a team has collected three Victory Points, a respin with an Epic Drop™ is awarded and the winning team’s Victory Level increases by one. The number of Fist symbols that are guaranteed to drop in the Epic Drop™ depends on the Victory Level of the team: Victory Level 3+: At least 3 Fist symbols of the winning team’s color are guaranteed to land in the Epic Drop™ Victory Level 4+: At least 4 Fist symbols of the winning team’s color are guaranteed to land in the Epic Drop™ Victory Level 5+: 5 Fist symbols of the winning team’s color are guaranteed to land in the Epic Drop™ Fists that land during the Epic Drop™ do not count towards increasing the winning team’s Victory Level. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. ULTIMATE SHOWDOWN Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 10 free spins. This bonus game maintains the mechanics of SHOWDOWN, except each team starts at Victory Level 4+. Fists that land during the Epic Drop™ do not count towards increasing the winning team’s Victory Level. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.3%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.33%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying THROWING PUNCHES FEATURESPINS™ is 96.28%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying EPIC DROP™ FEATURESPINS™ is 96.28%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying SHOWDOWN is 96.25%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying ULTIMATE SHOWDOWN is 96.35%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/16/2025