Flash Pays Paradise User Interface buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.91%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Multiplier Wilds and are Multiplier Wilds and substitute for any symbol except each other and . If 1 or 2 Multiplier Wilds substitute in a 3 of a kind win, that line pay is multiplied by each multiplier present on the payline. Flash Pays Flash Pays are awarded by the appearance of 2 or more on the grid. Flash Pays award either Currency Wins or a Progressive Jackpot. If 2 appear on the grid, $2.00 is awarded at minimum bet. If 3 appear on the grid, and the symbols do not all appear on the payline, the value of the Major Progressive Jackpot is awarded. If 3 appear on the grid, and all 3 symbols appear on the payline, the value of the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. Progressive Jackpots The appearance of 3 must be awarded in order to win 1 of 2 Progressive Jackpots. The 2 Progressive Jackpots are: Major and Mega. If 3 appear on the grid, and the symbols do not all appear on the payline, the value of the Major Progressive Jackpot is awarded. If 3 appear on the grid, and all 3 symbols appear on the payline, the value of the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .28% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .23% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Major: $20.00 Mega: $200.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 9/4/2024