Fu Bao Chang How to Play Progressive Pick Feature Each time at least one lands on the grid, the Progressive Pick Feature could be randomly triggered. During the Progressive Pick Feature, objects are picked until 3 match. The progressive corresponding to the 3 revealed matching objects is awarded. Free Games The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 initiates 7, 12, or 25 Free Games, respectively. The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 during Free Games retriggers 7, 12, or 25 Free Games, respectively. During Free Games, only and will appear on the grid. During Free Games, each time at least one lands on the grid, the Progressive Pick Feature could be randomly triggered. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, lines played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Pick Feature must be accessed in order to win 1 of 4 Progressive Jackpots. The 4 Progressive Jackpots are: Mini, Minor, Major, and Mega. If 3 Minis are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Feature, the value of the Mini Progressive is awarded. If 3 Minors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Feature, the value of the Minor Progressive is awarded. If 3 Majors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Feature, the value of the Major Progressive is awarded. If 3 Megas are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Feature, the value of the Mega Progressive is awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: 33% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. 26% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot.21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. 15% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini: $2.50 Minor: $7.50 Major: $25.00 Mega: $150.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. When the Progressive Jackpot is awarded and a re-trigger of the jackpot occurs, the patron is awarded a static amount. Game Rules User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.22%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.