Foxin Wins Again Foxin’ Wins Again Foxin’ Wins Again is a 5 reel slot game with a SUPERBET™, 10 FREE GAME and FREE GAME 2nd CHANCE to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 50 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.67% for No Superbet (50 Coins), 95.17% for Superbet 25CR (75 Coins) and 95.86% for Superbet 50CR (100 Coins). Game Rules Play 50 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered BELL All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any FOX substitutes for all other symbols except scattered BELL. On any spin, a Fox Pup may turn a symbol WILD Malfunction voids all pays and plays SUPERBET™ SuperBet is an ADDITIONAL WAGER that can be adjusted with the control beside the Reels to provide the following enhancements SuperBet off (50 Coins): Fox Pup in Reel 3 SuperBet 1 (75 Coins): Fox Pups in Reels 2, 3, 4 SuperBet 2 (100 Coins): Fox Pups in Reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 10 FREE GAMES 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more BELL appear During the Free Games Fox Pups appear more frequently All prizes are doubled during the Free Games Feature The Free Games Feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins FREE GAME 2nd CHANCE At the end of the free game choose to either ACCEPT the free game wins or REPLAY free games Free games can only be replayed once If the player replays the free games the player forfeits the winnings from the original free games Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played.