Fishin' Fun User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.30%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 triggers 10, 15, or 25 Free Games, respectively. During Free Games, each that appears will award Currency Wins or the Progressive Jackpot for every Lobster Symbol that appears on the same spin. awards the Currency Win displayed on the Lobster Symbol. awards the Progressive Jackpot amount displayed on the Lobster Symbol. During Free Games, the appearance of 3, 4, or 5 awards 10, 15, or 25 additional Free Games, respectively. Free Games end when 0 Free Games remain or after 1000 Free Games have been played. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, ways played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Progressive Jackpot The Free Games Feature must be accessed in order to have a chance of winning the Progressive Jackpot. If and appear on the grid on the same spin of Free Games, the value of the Progressive Jackpot is won. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There is a separate Progressive Jackpot per bet multiplier. Contributions made to the Progressive Jackpot at a certain bet multiplier are added to the Progressive Jackpot that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contribution is made to the Progressive Jackpot on each base game spin: .25% of the bet At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for the Progressive Jackpot is: $120.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpot at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on the Progressive Jackpot value. When the Progressive Jackpot is awarded and a re-trigger of the jackpot occurs, the patron is awarded a static amount. Last modification date: 5/24/2023