Fortune Lucky How to Play Selecting Your Bet Increase your total bet using the plus button (a rectangular button with a ‘+’) and decrease your total bet using the minus button (a rectangular button with a ‘-’). Use the start button (a circular button with one arrow) to spin the reels. Pay Table All win values shown in-game are based on the bet amount. Pay Ways There are up to 25,088 pay ways available. Reels start with 3, 4, 4, 4, 3 symbols in view (576 pay ways). Reels can randomly expand up to 7, 8, 8, 8, 7 symbols in view (25,088 pay ways).Special Symbols WILD symbol: Substitutes for all symbols except the following scatter symbols: Both FREE SPINS symbols: Any 3 in view awards Free Spins. Both DRAGON symbols: Any 3 in view awards the Dragon Feature. GOLD COIN symbol: Any in view awards a spot prize. Gold Zone The central symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 affect how the scatter symbols behave. FREE SPINS symbols give double the spins. DRAGON symbols give double awards. GOLD COIN symbols give double awards. Free Spins Any 3 FREE SPINS symbols in view awards Free Spins. RED FREE SPINS symbol: awards +3 free spins. GOLD FREE SPINS symbol: awards +6 free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered. A Progressive Reel Expansion operates during free spins. GOLD COIN awards 10x to 25x and double in the Gold Zone. Dragon Feature Any 3 DRAGON symbols in view awards the Dragon Feature. BLUE DRAGON symbol: Single Award Lantern. GOLD DRAGON symbol: Double Award Lantern. Awards are given for each lantern destroyed. Re-spin Bonus Any 3 mixed DRAGON and FREE SPINS symbols in the Gold Zone award a re-spin. A re-spin has the chance to award Free Spins or the Dragon Feature. Game Information The information button (a rectangular button with an ‘i’) will display the pay table and game information pages. Autoplay Settings The autoplay menu button (a circular button with three arrows) will allow the autoplay settings to be adjusted. In accordance with UKGC guidelines, the settings in this menu control the ‘Bet per Play’, the ‘Number of Plays’ and the ‘Loss Limit’. Optionally, a ‘Single Win Limit’ may also be set. The ‘Number of Plays’ selectable are: 10 (initial value), 20, 50 and 100. ‘Start’ will initiate autoplay. Previously set autoplay values may be reloaded with ‘Last Settings’ and ‘Reset’ will clear all values. Autoplay will stop automatically if either the Loss Limit or Single Win Limit criteria are met. The autoplay stop button (a circular button with a square) will stop autoplay at the end of the current game. Game Rules Win Rules All reel wins are paid according to the pay table. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scatter symbols. Only the highest win per pay way is awarded. All symbols pay from left to right except scatter symbols. Multiple wins in a single game are added to the total win. £250,000.00 is the maximum win available from any single game. Game Recovery In the event of a game not being completed due to interruption, the game will display the outcome of the interrupted game upon reconnection with the game server. All winnings allocated to the interrupted game will be credited to the player account. Terms and Conditions This game has a theoretical Return To Player (RTP) of 96.18%. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Any game played in demonstration (or free) play mode does not use a player’s own funds. Last modification date: 6/5/2020