Flash Pays User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 95.77%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games The Pick Bonus is triggered when 3 are scattered on reels 2, 3, and 4 during the base game. During the Pick Bonus, the player makes random selections to determine how many Free Games are awarded and what multiplier is active during Free Games. The player picks random items until 3 matching awards are selected. The player is awarded the number of Free Games with the active multiplier corresponding to the item with 3 matches. If the "Wild" item is selected, 5 Free Games are added to each possible Free Game award and each award is considered to have an additional match. If the "Wild" item is selected when at least 2 items have 2 matching awards, the item with the most Free Games is awarded. If 3 appear scattered on reels 2, 3, and 4 during Free Games, the number of Free Games is increased by the number of Free Games initially awarded. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, lines played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Progressive Jackpots Scatter Pays of at least 5 must be awarded in order to win 1 of 5 Progressive Jackpots. The 5 Progressive Jackpots are: Progressive 1, Progressive 2, Progressive 3, Progressive 4, and Progressive 5. If 5 appear on the grid, the value of Progressive 1 is won. If 6 appear on the grid, the value of Progressive 2 is won. If 7 appear on the grid, the value of Progressive 3 is won. If 8 appear on the grid, the value of Progressive 4 is won. If 9 appear on the grid, the value of Progressive 5 is won. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .30% of the bet is contributed to the Progressive 1 Jackpot. .24% of the bet is contributed to the Progressive 2 Jackpot. .19% of the bet is contributed to the Progressive 3 Jackpot. .15% of the bet is contributed to the Progressive 4 Jackpot. .12% of the bet is contributed to the Progressive 5 Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Progressive 1: $1.80 Progressive 2: $4.50 Progressive 3: $15.00 Progressive 4: $60.00 Progressive 5: $300.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. When the Progressive Jackpot is awarded and a re-trigger of the jackpot occurs, the patron is awarded a static amount. Last modification date: 5/9/2023