Fortune Frog Skillstar Fortune Frog Skillstar is a Bet 40, 40-line 4x5 Reel slot game with a Skillstar minigame and Free Games Feature with Coin Catch Bonus.During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winningv combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.07% with any bet. Free Games – Coin Catch Bonus 3, 4 or 5 SCATTERS triggers 8, 12 or 20 Free Games respectively. Frog and Frog5x are WILD and substitute for all coins during Free Games (cannot substitute for each other). Frogs can catch Coins or Ingot during Free Games only. Frogs catch Coins, adding their prize tag totals to your payout. Frogs catch Ingots to award 1, 2, 3 or 5 Free Games. Any Frog and/or Frog5x without a Coin or Ingot awards 1 and 5 Free Game(s) respectively. Any payline win with Frog5x pays 5 times. Any catching win with Frog5x pays 5 times Frog5x multiplies Free Games by 5 times when awarded with Ingot. Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Skillstar Use the up/down arrows on the screen or the up/down keyboard keys to control the bridge. Save as many frogs as you can. Game ends when 3 frogs are missed and swamped into the waterfall. Climb your way up the leader board with the highest score. This game does not affect the RTP in any way. It is merely to be played for fun before the normal game bonus starts. This game is optional and can be skipped with the skip button. Patent Pending. U.S. Patent Application Serial No. 16869580. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to instantly trigger the Bonus. Bonus Buy presents 2 options for the player: "Buy" and "Gamble" The cost of the "Buy" and "Gamble" options are displayed above the respective button. Selecting "Buy" gives the player the option to purchase the Bonus for 50x the current stake. “Gamble” gives the player a chance to win the Bonus. The higher the Gamble bet the higher chance to win the Bonus. The minimum gamble amount is 6.25x your current bet and maximum is 37.5x your bet. “Buy" purchase & successful "Gamble" guarantee Bonus. Bonus Buy is available in selected jurisdictions Rules 40 Coins plays 40 lines. Lady is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. Paylines wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier, except Scatter which is multiplied by the total bet. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. BONUS BUY: This is the Bonus Buy buttons that allows access to the Bonus Buy functionality. Buy Button to confirm purchase at price displayed. Gamble Button to confirm purchase at current Gamble bet and current odds of trigger. +/- to increase / decrease the Gamble Bet and increase / decrease odds of trigger. Last modification date: 4/6/2022