Frog Grog Untitled Document Note: The Frog Grog video slot is referred to as Frog Grog, The Game or Game. Frog Grog is a video slot with 5 reels and 23 fixed pay lines. The game features Wild Frog, Frog Burp, Multiplier and a Mystery Game. The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. At the start of a game round, a new symbol is dropped in to each position. As long as there are any free positions, the game round continues by dropping new symbols into these places. The highest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right in combinations according to the pay table. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table, multiplied by the current multiplier. All symbols, except the orange Frog, included in pay line wins are removed, making room for new symbols. The Frog symbol substitutes for any other symbol. A Frog symbol enters play as an orange frog. Frog Burp: After presenting all pay line wins, an orange frog will burp fire, removing all symbols on the same row and column, and then turn into a blue frog. Mystery Game: Triggered randomly when no symbol position can be freed up after dropping in new symbols, the Mystery Game removes all symbols except the Moth, the Flower and the Frog. Symbols removed award wins according to the pay table, up to a symbol count of 5. Multiplier: The Multiplier will increase one step each time new symbols are dropped in. After the Mystery Game is ended, the Multiplier increases one step for each win during the Mystery Game. The multiplier does not increase beyond the final multiplier step. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Last modification date: 3/28/2017