Fruity3x3 Chance To Win This Game has a minimum RTP of 95.00%. The RTP can be affected by your choice of active bet windows as not all windows have exactly the same RTP. To help you understand the chance you have of winning money while playing this game we use a value called the return to player (RTP). This means that this game will over a statistically large number of spins pay out on average 95.00 for each 100.00 staked. This is not a promise that it will pay out this amount every time, some people will win more than this amount some people will win less as this game determines its payout each spin using a certified random number generator (RNG), so over a large enough number of spins payouts will tend to be towards this level of return. Fairness The outcome of each spin in this game is randomly determined in accordance with the advertised rules. The outcome of any one spin will not affect the outcome of any other spin. This game behaves fairly and has been independently tested. Maximum Liability Fruity 3X3 has a maximum prize of £8,070.00 for any given bet cycle. The maximum prize that can be won on the top line in Fruity 3X3 is cash value of £40.00 win (8 coins for 3 Watermelon symbols with a stake of 5.00). The maximum prize that can be won on the middle line in Fruity 3X3 is cash value of £150.00 win (30 coins for 3 BAR symbols with a stake of 5.00). The maximum prize that can be won on the bottom line in Fruity 3X3 is cash value of £2,500.00 win (500 coins for 3 Star symbols with a stake of 5.00). How to Win Each of the active reel windows will have 3 symbols appear. If all 3 symbols match you will win a prize. You can determine your prize by multiplying your stake by the corresponding multiplier shown on the paytable. This will be done automatically for you and shown above each combination of winning symbols. All wins will be added and shown as the total win value beside the green SPIN button. Guide to Betting Your balance is visible in the top middle of the screen. To change your bet value use the -/+ buttons near the bottom of the screen. This will alter the amount bet per window. STAKE x Number of Active Windows = TOTAL STAKE You win a prize by obtaining 3 matching symbols in any of the active windows. To determine the amount you have won from the multiplier shown in the paytable you use the following formula: Multiplier x STAKE = Cash Value Won PLACE BET The green SPIN button in the bottom right of the screen will take the total stake and spin all the active windows and then pay out any prizes won from the spin. Once selected this is not cancellable or refundable. SELECTING WINDOWS You can increase or decrease the number of active bet windows by selecting each of the 9 window and toggling it into an active or inactive state. CLEAR STAKE By pressing the red X button, you will set the stake value to minimum i.e. £0.10 PAYTABLE The paytable shows all the different prizes that are available in the game and how much of a multiplier you will win from matching three symbols. The top row will only show the following symbols that will pay up to x8. The numbers in brackets indicates the prize for matching three of that symbol: Cherry(x1), Lemon(x2), Orange(x3), Plum(x4), Apple(x5), Pear(x6), Grape(x7) and Watermelon(x8). The middle row will only show the following symbols that will pay up to x30. The numbers in brackets indicates the prize for matching three of that symbol: Cherry(x1), Lemon(x2), Orange(x3), Apple(x5), Bell(x10), Red 7(x15), Green 7(x20) and Bar(x30). The bottom row will only show the following symbols that will pay up to x500. The numbers in brackets indicates the prize for matching three of that symbol: Cherry(x1), Lemon(x2), Apple(x5), Bell(x10), Yellow 7(x25), Double Bar(x50), Triple Bar(x100) and Star(x500). i This button allows you to access the ‘Game Help and Rules’ page. SOUNDS The speaker button will allow you to toggle off or on the game sounds. Last modification date: 9/5/2017