Fireworks of Fortune Fireworks Of Fortune About Fireworks Of Fortune is a 5x3 slot game using the Locked & Loaded™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable). The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Locked & Loaded™ Locked Bonus Respins; Bonus symbols landing in view are held in place for at least two free respins. Respins start automatically and do not deduct the player’s balance. Locked Multiplier Respins; Landing a multiplier firework on reel 2 will open a star and reveal a multiplier up to 10x. Respins continue until a win is achieved and the multiplier is applied. Locked Wild Respins; Landing a wild firework on reel 2 will open a star and reveal up to 9 wilds. The wilds are randomly added to the reels which respins until a win is achieved. Multipliers are applied to any line wins on the initial spin or the first win achieved from respins. Wins are paid for 3 or more like symbols on active winlines from the leftmost reel. Fireworks of Fortune Bonus Bonus symbols only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 with three in view anywhere triggering a bonus. Bonus symbols hold in place for free respins and change colour on each respin; starting as red when then land and then to orange on the first respins, to yellow on the second respins and then are removed for the last respin. Respins continue until no bonus symbols are held on the reels. If new bonus symbols land then on a respin the process is repeated but the initial bonus symbols move through the colour cycle as above. Any line wins that occur on a respin are paid as normal. Malfunction void all pays and plays. 3 red bonus symbols trigger the mega bonus. 3 orange or higher (orange and/or red) trigger the super bonus. 3 yellow or higher (yellow, orange and/or red) trigger the bonus. The bonus game consists of 5 picks. Each pick randomly selects one of the fireworks: Red wild firework White wild firework Blue wild firework Red multiplier firework White multiplier firework Blue multiplier firework If a wild firework is selected then the relevant star opens to reveal a number of wilds. The wilds are added to the reels and the respins begin. Respins continue until a win is achieved. If a multiplier firework is selected then the relevant star opens to reveal a multiplier value. The respins begin and continue until a win is achieved which is then multiplied by the star value. Additional fireworks can land in respins. Bonus symbols are removed in the bonus respins. Mega bonus is played with only red fireworks. Super bonus is played with white and red fireworks In the bonus a red wild firework can add between 11-15 wilds, white can add 7-10 wilds and blue 2-6 wilds. In the bonus a red multiplier firework can reveal a multiplier between 11-50x, white can reveal 8-10x and blue 2-7x. If any set of respins reaches 5 respins then the player is awarded an additional pick in the bonus game. The Pick feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. Rules Only the highest win per line is paid. Wins on distinct lines are added. All line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right only. Wins are multiplied by the current base stake. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for bonus. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 94.27% Buy bonus return to player 94.34% (availability depends on jurisdiction) Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 11/25/2025