Five Pirates Five Pirates is a Bet 50, 1024 Ways 4x5 Reel slot game with a Free Game bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.49%. Game Rules Play bet 50 Coins for 1024 ways. Payments are made according to the pay table. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the multiplier bet. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. For all symbols including scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels including scatter. Coinciding wins are added Scatter wins are added to other wins Free Games are played at the same multiplier bet as the triggering game Bonus can be retriggered during the free games Retriggered bonuses are queued and played at the end of the Free Games Malfunction voids all pays and plays Highest win on each selected payline Scatter wins are multiplied by bet Hold N Spin 2,3 or 4 scattered left to right on consecutive reels starting with the first reel, triggers the Hold N Spin phase. Paying are “locked on” and change to , covering the entire reel for the remaining Hold N Spin phase. The remaining reels are respun up to 3 times. If you improve by locking in another , your Hold N Spins are reset to 3. Any further appearing are “locked in” until all 5 reels are “locked in”, or Hold N Spins are completed. Locking in 5 reels start the Barrel Bonus. Only the triggering win is paid during Hold n Spins. Barrel Bonus 5 / triggers the Barrel Bonus. Select 1 of the 5 bonus game options. Pick a barrel from the current level. You will reveal either an or a to win the prize. moves you to the next level. If appears, it reveals a prize, ends picks, and you win the Free Games and Multiplier for that respective level. During the barrel bonus you can win up to 15 free games and 15x multiplier. How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: Button Function Bet: The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons. The Max Bet button (coin icon) will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. Stop: Stop allow players to stop the reel spin immediately to see the final results STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: Button Function Ways: This game is fixed for 1024 ways. BET: Adjusts the BET. Use the slider to adjust the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45,50,55,60,65,70,75,80,85,90,95,100. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. Mute: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked Last modification date: 12/29/2021