Golden Chief How to Play Game Introduction Golden Chief is a 5 reel game with up to 100 win lines available. Reels have 10 or 20 win lines as default, but when the Chief Wild rolls in this increases to 50 or 100 win lines. 3 or 4 Scatter Symbols awards 1 of 3 Bonus Rounds. Totem Riches Cash Canyon Free Spins with Heap Expanding Symbol 5 Scatter Symbols awards a Jackpot Prize Totem Riches Select a totem pole to reveal a cash multiplier. Each time a multiplier is revealed you can pick again to continue climbing the totem poles. When collect is revealed or the top level is reached, you are awarded the cash multiplier x total bet. Cash Canyon Press the spin button to spin the wheel. The further along the canyon you go, the more you win! When the wheel stops on a collect position, or the end of the trail is reached, the current cash multiplier x total bet is awarded. Free Spins If Free Spins are awarded from the Bonus Wheel, the player can use the Free Spins gamble to increase the number of Free Spins Heap Wilds are available in Free Spins only. These will expand to full height, and can expand up to 5 Reels wide. 5 Scatter Prize Win 5 Scatter Symbols awards a Cash Prize Details of the awards are given in the in game help These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. Big Bet A Big Bet game initially consists of 5 linked spins of the reels. Additional benefits awarded include: Increased awards. Double height scatter symbol. Expanding Wilds that persist to the end of the game. An extra life in Totem Riches Bonus. All play at 100 Win lines. Increased chance of Mystery Symbol Upgrade. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. How to Play Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your total stake. Press SPIN to initiate the game. Win lines The game contains up to 100 win lines. The game defaults to 10 or 20 lines, dependant on stake. All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiplier values. All Big Bet line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as cash values. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.02% Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021