Golden 7s 1 Introduction Golden 7’s is a 40 win line, 5x4 reel slot game featuring stacked wild symbols, Scatter symbols, a gamble feature and also Spin Chance! 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you haveselected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins, except SCATTER, pay left to right across adjacent reels. SCATTER symbols pay per amount in view on the reels, regardless of win lines. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features 4.1 Gamble Any win that is equal to or greater than the current bet will offer the gamble feature. Press the ‘GAMBLE’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and stop the dapple. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The dapple can stop on a win value that is either higher or lower than the current win. The win value that the dapple stops on becomes the new current win. The player can gamble multiple times until they reach either the bottom or the top of the ladder, which will then automatically collect and/or end the gamble feature. The win values are awarded in the currency displayed in the credit meter. 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the main game is 94%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/1/2020