Get the Cheese GAME INFO - GET THE CHEESE ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to a delightful journey towards fromage! In this 6-reel, 5-row cheesy adventure you’ll explore tasty treats, and potentially win clusters of up to 10,000 times your bet, in search of the most legendary and elusive cheeses known to mice. Sharpen your senses, and get ready for a dropping, cascading game that’s as rich and satisfying as the finest aged cheddar. It’s time to Get the CHEESE ! The max win of 10,000 times your bet can be achieved in all game modes. FEATURES SUPER CASCADES Any time a winning combination occurs, all regular paying symbols of the type that were part of the winning combination will also be removed from the grid and new ones will drop down to fill the empty spaces. CHEESE SYMBOL When a cheese symbol is part of a winning cluster all the symbols except the FS and Wild multipliers will be removed from the grid and new ones will drop down to fill the empty spaces. JUMPING WILD MULTIPLIERS Jumping Wild Multipliers jump to a new position after each cascade allowing for new possibilities to win. There are two kinds of multipliers, Normal and Epic. Normal Jumping Wild Multipliers start with a multiplier value of 1x and increase with +1x every time they jump. Epic Jumping Wild Multipliers start with a multiplier value of 10x and increase with +10x every time they jump. A maximum of 4 Jumping Wild Multipliers can be on the grid at any given time. BONUS GAMES AND SCATTER PAYOUT Landing 3+ FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game triggers a bonus. When this happens you are also rewarded with a payout of x-amount times your bet depending on the number of FS scatter symbols: 3 FS scatter symbols award 5x your bet. 4 FS scatter symbols award 10x your bet. 5 FS scatter symbols award 25x your bet. 6 FS scatter symbols award 100x your bet. Scatter payouts do not occur in the bonus games. FROMAGE FRENZY Activate this bonus game with 8 free spins by landing at least 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. You start the bonus with 2 persistent Jumping Wild Multipliers of either type! Wild Multipliers values reset during each new spin. This bonus includes a Cheese Meter and your goal is to collect the cheese to fill the meter. The Cheese Meter is located at the top of the grid and shows the progress of collected cheese. Cheese symbols are collected when they are removed from the grid. When the meter is full you will upgrade to the next free spins bonus and be rewarded additional free spins. From this bonus you will be upgraded to TAKE IT CHEESY bonus and be rewarded 5 additional spins. Landing additional FS scatter symbols at the same time during the bonus game awards additional free spins: 3+ FS scatter symbols award 5 extra spins. TAKE IT CHEESY Activate this bonus game with 10 free spins by landing at least 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. You start the bonus with 3 persistent Jumping Wild Multipliers of either type! Wild Multipliers values reset during each new spin. This bonus also includes the Cheese Meter (see FROMAGE FRENZY for details). From this bonus you will be upgraded to LIFE'S SO GOUDA bonus and be rewarded 5 additional spins. Landing additional FS scatter symbols at the same time during the bonus game awards additional free spins: 3+ FS scatter symbols award 5 extra spins. LIFE'S SO GOUDA Activate this bonus game with 12 free spins by landing at least 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. You start the bonus with 4 persistent Jumping Wild Multipliers where at least one is guaranteed to be an Epic Jumping Wild Multiplier! In this bonus, Wild Multipliers values do NOT reset during each new spin. Landing additional FS scatter symbols at the same time during the bonus game awards additional free spins: 3+ FS scatter symbols award 5 extra spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTSThe symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.31%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Jumping Wild Multiplier symbols substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 5 or more connecting symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.36%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying WILD MOUSE FEATURESPINS™ is 96.29%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying FROMAGE FRENZY is 96.28%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying TAKE IT CHEESY is 96.29%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/30/2025