The Godfather: 3 Pillars Of Power How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin, close in-game messages or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Holding down the space bar will result in continued turbo spins. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: The Godfather: 3 Pillars of Power is a 5 x 3, 20 line video slot featuring Mystery Symbols and 3 unique bonuses including Loyalty Bonus Spins, Honor Hold & Win Bonus and Vengeance Jackpot spins. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Bonus Token Rules: There are 3 types of bonus tokens in the base game; bronze, silver and gold. The bonus tokens are overlays and once collected, the symbols beneath function normally. Bonus tokens can only be revealed behind Mystery Symbols. Every bonus token that lands is collected into its respective pot. The graphical collection pots are purely for visual entertainment and as such do not influence the awarding of a bonus. Mystery Symbol Rules: Mystery Symbols exist on all reels and can reveal paying symbols or wild symbols. Mystery Symbols reveal the same symbol on a single spin. Revealed symbols may include bonus tokens to collect. Mystery Symbols may also reveal golden symbols that in turn, reveal instant win symbols. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols exist on all reels and acts as a substitute for all symbols except for mystery symbols, instant win symbols, collector symbols, bonus tokens, jackpot tokens and extra spin tokens. Loyalty Bonus Spins Rules: Bronze bonus tokens are collected in the base game and are added to the bonus spins pot. Any bronze token that is collected may trigger 12 bonus spins. During Loyalty Bonus Spins, any mystery symbols that land nudge to fill the whole reel and stick for the remainder of the feature. Loyalty Bonus Spins total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Honor Hold & Win Bonus Rules: Silver bonus tokens are collected in the base game and are added to the Hold & Win pot. Any silver tokens collected in the base game may trigger 12 Hold & Win spins. During the Honor Hold & Win bonus each space spins individually. Only instant win symbols or collector symbols may land. Instant win symbols have cash values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x or 1,000x the players regular bet assigned to them. Collector symbols collect all instant win symbols in view and award 1, 2 or 3 extra spins. All instant win symbols remain in place until a collector symbol collects them. If the 5x3 grid is filled, the last instant win symbol to land converts into a special collector symbol and awards 3 additional Hold & Win spins. This special collector will initially hold the value of the instant win symbol that was converted and will then collect all other instant win symbols and collector symbols in view. There is no cap as to how many times the grid may be filled. Honor Hold & Win round total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Vengeance Jackpot Rules: Gold bonus tokens are collected in the base game and are added to the jackpot pot. The jackpot values are; Mini: 10x the players regular bet. Minor: 25x the players regular bet. Major: 75x the players regular bet. Mega: 1,000x the players regular bet. Max: 5,000x the players regular bet. Any gold tokens collected in the base game may trigger 12 Vengeance Jackpot spins. During the Vengeance Jackpot bonus there are 5 jackpot tokens to collect; Mini: Blue. Minor: Green. Major: Purple. Mega: Orange. Max: Red. The jackpot tokens are overlays and once collected, the symbols beneath function normally. Each jackpot token is collected into its respective jackpot pot. Collecting 3 mini jackpot tokens awards the mini jackpot. Collecting 4 minor jackpot tokens awards the minor jackpot. Collecting 5 major jackpot tokens awards the major jackpot. Collecting 6 mega jackpot tokens awards the mega jackpot. Collecting 7 max jackpot tokens awards the max jackpot. All jackpots may be awarded multiple times. Vengeance Jackpot Spins round total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Combined Bonuses Rules: If 2 or more tokens are collected on the same base game spin, a combined bonus may be awarded. If bronze and silver tokens are collected on the same base game spin the combined bonus will play the same as Loyalty Bonus Spins except; Mystery symbols may also reveal instant win coins. If bronze and gold tokens are collected on the same base game spin the combined bonus will play the same as the Vengeance Jackpot bonus except; Mystery symbols that land nudge to fill the whole reel and stick for the remainder of the feature. If silver and gold tokens are collected on the same base game spin the combined bonus will play the same as the Vengeance Jackpot bonus except; Mystery symbols may also reveal instant win coins. If bronze, silver and gold tokens are collected on the same base game spin the combined bonus will play the same as the Vengeance Jackpot bonus except; Mystery symbols that land nudge to fill the whole reel and stick for the remainder of the feature and mystery symbols may also reveal instant win coins. Any combined bonus round total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the combined bonus. If a double bonus is triggered the player will be awarded 12 spins. If a triple bonus is triggered the player will be awarded 12 spins. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy features from the base game. Players have 2 different feature buy options; Paying 100x the players regular bet may trigger any individual bonus or any combination of bonuses at random and has a RTP of 93.67%. If an individual bonus is triggered the player will be awarded 12 spins. If a double bonus is triggered the player will be awarded 12 spins. If a triple bonus is triggered the player will be awarded 12 spins. Paying 200x the players regular bet guarantees a triple bonus and has a RTP of 93.52%. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 93.67%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 2/17/2026