Gold Cash Big Spins 1 Introduction Gold Cash Big Spins is a 6x4, 50 win line slot featuring unlimited Free Spins. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 and 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 50 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 during the free spins bonus. 4 Features 4.1 Free Spins Landing 3 or more bonus scatters in view triggers the Big Spin bonus. A pick me will then be presented for each scatter that landed. Behind each pick is a number of Big Spins that are to be awarded to the Player. The number of spins the pick me windows can contain are 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. The probability of each different Big Spin values being awarded in the bonus feature is not necessarily proportionate to the number of options on offer Once a value has been selected free spins will begin. Wins greater than or equal to 20x the current stake will decrement the number of Big Spins remaining. Spins less than 20x stake will not decrement the number of Big Spins remaining. The free spins will continue until no Big Spins remain. During free spins any wild symbol that lands in view will lock in place and remain in that position until free spins have ended 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 4.3 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Big Spins. The number of Big Spins awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Big Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum of x2500 stake. Once the maximum win amount is reached winnings are automatically collected and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 5 big spins can be achieved in the gamble for big spins wheel. Once this is reached, the big spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the cash wheel. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 95.00% The expected payback for the gamble game is 100.00% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/14/2022