Golden Three Kingdom RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 13.6 GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol in the base game and the scatter symbols in the Free Games Bonus. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol High Pay Symbols Mid Pay Symbols Low Pay Symbols All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS 9 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 and is a scatter symbol. Collection 1, Collection 2, Collection 3, Collection 4, and Collection 5 appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Free Games Wild 1 is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbols. Free Games Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free games are played on the same lines at the same credits bet multiplier as the game that initiated the free games. During the free games, each Collection symbol appearing in any position on the reels collects that symbol. Collecting one of each Collection symbols awards 7 additional free games. The collected symbols for the bonus reset at the end of each set of games. At the start of each set of 7 free games, pick the Bonus symbol to reveal a high pay symbol. Stacks of symbols transform into the revealed symbol during that set of free games. If 28 free games have been played and all 5 scatter symbols were collected during the last set of free games, the credits won during the free games are multiplied by 10x. The bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 28 free games have been played. Last modification date: 1/18/2022