Gold Bust Luckytap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins A winning round occurs when the entire cart of gold is revealed and the gold glows to light up the miner. 3 to 16 prizes are awarded on a winning play, plus a chance to trigger the Free Games or the Progressive Pick Bonus if BONUS is awarded. Multiplier Feature On any play that does not award the Free Games or the Progressive Pick Bonus, the Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated. If the Multiplier Feature is activated, a Random Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear. All Currency Wins will be multiplied by the Random Multiplier. Dynamite Bonus If BONUS is awarded, either 10 Free Games or the Progressive Pick Bonus will be awarded. Free Games 10 Free Games may be awarded if BONUS is awarded on a winning play. If BONUS is awarded during Free Games, either 10 Free Games or the Progressive Pick Bonus will be awarded. The Multiplier Feature will always be active for any Free Games play that does not award a Free Games Retrigger or the Progressive Pick Bonus. The maximum amount of free games is 1000. After the limit is reached, free games will end. Progressive Pick Bonus The Progressive Pick Bonus may be awarded if BONUS is awarded on a winning play. During the Progressive Pick Bonus, the player continues picking minecarts until 3 matching objects are revealed. The Progressive Jackpot corresponding to the 3 revealed matching objects is awarded. The Multiplier Feature is not active during the Progressive Pick Bonus. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Pick Bonus must be accessed in order to win 1 of 3 Progressive Jackpots. The 3 Progressive Jackpots are: Minor, Major, and Mega. If 3 Minors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Minor Progressive is awarded. If 3 Majors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Major Progressive is awarded. If 3 Megas are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Mega Progressive is awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .17% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Minor: $45.00 Major: $150.00 Mega: $750.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values Last modification date: 3/6/2025