Gremlins How to Play Winlines This game contains 20 Winlines All line win amounts are shown in the game Paytable Only the highest win is paid on each line played. All lines pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wins that occur on all lines played are added to the total win. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. Special Symbols The WILD symbol appears on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. The BONUS symbol is a scatter symbol which can only land on reels 1, 3 and 5. The SUN symbol is a scatter symbol and only appears in the Avoid the Sun Free Spins feature. The STRIPE symbol is a scatter symbol, and only appears in Gremlin Link Free Spins. The GIZMO MULTIPLIER symbol is a scatter symbol, and only appears in Gremlin Link free Spins. Features Stripe Wilds During the base game, there is a chance for WILD symbols to multiply and replace random symbols on the reels at the end of a spin. Bonus Entry During the base game, there is a chance for WILD symbols to be replaced by BONUS symbols, which can trigger the BONUS SELECTOR. If this feature is triggered, the BONUS SELECTOR spin will be awarded immediately. Any winnings from the initial base game spin will be evaluated after the awarded feature is completed. Freebie Bonus During the base game, if one or two BONUS symbols land, there is a chance for the BONUS symbol(s) to multiply and trigger the BONUS SELECTOR. Bonus Selector Land 3 BONUS symbols to trigger the BONUS SELECTOR. A random Bonus Feature will be selected. The Bonus features include: Splashing Wild Free Spins Gremlin Link Free Spins Avoid the Sun Free Spins Gizmo Box Hunt No More Cash After Midnight Splashing Wild Free Spins Win this feature from the BONUS SELECTOR to be awarded 8 Free Spins. During Splashing Wild Free Spins, any WILD symbol that lands will jump into the pool and expand upwards to cover the whole reel. Land 3 BONUS symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 to be awarded 8 additional Free Spins. Any additional Free Spins won are added to the Total Spins meter. The Free Spins bonus is played automatically. During Free Spins the bet and paylines are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. The feature ends when either there are no Free Spins remaining or if the maximum win is reached. Gremlin Link Free Spins The Gremlin Link Free Spins feature starts with 3 lives. A life is lost on any spin that does not land a STRIPE symbol. Any spin that lands a STRIPE symbol will restore the number of lives back to a total of 3 lives. Any STRIPE symbol which lands on the reels will remain on the reel set until the end of the feature. Each STRIPE symbol contains a cash value which will be awarded at the end of the feature. There is a 6th reel set in this feature which contains GIZMO MULTIPLIER symbols. When a GIZMO MULTIPLIER symbol lands, it will multiply all active cash values by the multiplier shown on the symbol. Available multipliers are 2x, 3x and 5x. The feature will play until all 3 lives have been lost and will pay out the total of the cash value symbols. There are no win lines available in this feature. Avoid the Sun Free Spins Unlimited Free Spins are awarded for this feature. The TOTAL SPINS meter starts on 1 and will increase with each spin. When 8 winning spins are achieved, Persisting Wilds will be activated. Persisting Wilds Each WILD which lands on the reels during Persisting Wilds, will remain on the reel set until the end of the feature. 8 WINNING SPINS UNLOCKS PERSISTING WILDS 11 SUNS END FREE SPINS Free Spins will end when a total of 11 or more SUN symbols land on the reels over the duration of the feature or the maximum win is achieved. The total number of SUN symbols which have appeared over the duration of the feature are shown about the reel set. The number of winning spins is also shown here. During Free Spins, the bet and paylines are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. The BONUS symbol does not appear in this feature. In the Avoid the Sun feature, the WILD symbol is not present on reel 5. Gizmo Box Hunt In this feature there are 4 levels and 9 boxes to choose from, per level. Boxes can contain Cash Values, “Level up”, or “Collect”. This feature contains 4 levels. Find a “Level Up” to go to the next level and choose from a new set of boxes. Any winnings won so far will be retained, and awarded at the end of the feature. Higher levels contain boxes with larger Cash Values. Boxes can be selected until a “Collect” is found. The amount won in the feature is the total of all the Cash Values found. No More Cash After Midnight Spin the clock to reveal a number of spaces for Gizmo to move along the Trail. Each space along the trail contains a multiplier. Higher multipliers are available for moving more spaces. If the clock lands on midnight (the red clock segment), the game will end. Land any number between 1 and 11 to move Gizmo along the trail safely. Every time Gizmo lands on a multiplier, this multiplier will be multiplied by the total bet to show the total win. When the game ends, the total win shown will be awarded. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 96.47%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Last modification date: 12/29/2021