Goat Rush TO PLAY THE GAME: Choose a Bet Level. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. While the reels are spinning, you can quick stop the game by pressing the Spin button. The Fast Play increases the reel spin speed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings to activate/deactivate the Fast Play. Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets and payouts are in the user's currency. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings. Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not be available in certain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spins you want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Conﬁrm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of the set spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not inﬂuence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Goat Rush is a 3-tall, 5-reel game with 20 lines featuring Wild Train, Respin, Walking Wild Feature, Dropping Wild Feature, Mystery Feature and Free Spins. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.25%. Bet line wins pay from left to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins on different bet lines are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Pay table. All bet lines and winning combinations in the game are displayed in the Paytable. The Paytable reﬂects the current Bet conﬁguration and changes in accordance with the total Bet. All Bets and payouts are in currency. Payouts are based on the total Bet. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Bonus symbol can land on reels 2,3 and 4 in both the Base Game spin and Free Spins. The Bonus symbol cannot land during the Mystery Feature or Respins. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. The Wild symbol can only drop onto the reels via the Dropping Wild Feature or be placed during Mystery Feature. The Wild symbol substitutes for all regular symbols in win evaluation. The Blank symbol is only part of the Wild Train. It does not take part in win evaluation. RESPIN Any bet line win activates the Respin Feature. All wins are collected in the Win Meter and the reels Respin. Respin continues until there is no bet line win. When the Respin ends, the total win in the Win Meter is multiplied by the Gold Multiplier and paid out. WILD TRAIN The Wild Train runs with 4 carts above reels 2,3,4 and 5, one cart above each reel. A cart carries either a Wild or a Blank symbol. 4 new carts come in for each spin and Respin. The Wild Train does not take part in win evaluation. DROPPING WILD FEATURE When bet line win activates the Respin Feature, all positions in winning combinations are marked. If a Wild Train cart carrying a Wild has any number of marked positions under it, the Wild will drop onto the furthest down available marked position during the following Respin. The Dropping Wild Feature takes place after the Walking Wild Feature, before the reel spin resolves. If a Walking Wild walks onto the only marked position that a Dropping Wild can drop onto, the Wild will not drop onto the marked position. WALKING WILD FEATURE At the start of every Respin, all Wilds on the reels will walk one step to the left. Each Walking Wild that walks past the leftmost reel increases the Gold Multiplier by one level. GOLD MULTIPLIER The Gold Multiplier starts at x1. Each Walking Wild that walks all the way past the leftmost reel increases the Gold Multiplier by one level. The levels of the Gold Multiplier are x1, x2, x3, x5, x7, x10 in the Base Game. The levels of the Gold Multiplier are x1, x2, x4, x6, x10, x20, x50 in the Free Spins. When the Respin ends, the total win in the Win Meter is multiplied by the Gold Multiplier and paid out and the Gold Multiplier resets to x1. MYSTERY FEATURE At the start of every spin, both in the Base Game and Free Spins, there is a chance that the Mystery Feature will activate. The Mystery Feature has 2 activations: Mystery Pattern and Mystery Wilds. In the Base Game, only the Mystery Pattern can activate. In the Free Spins, both Mystery Pattern and Mystery Wild can activate. Mystery Pattern places a random pattern of 6 positions on the reels. A Wild symbol is placed on 1 random position among these. A randomly selected paying symbol, except Wild, is placed on the remaining 5 positions. Mystery Wild randomly places 1 to 3 Wild symbols on the reels. After symbols are placed, the game proceeds as a usual spin. Mystery Feature cannot activate in Respin. FREE SPINS Landing 3 Bonus symbols on the reels in the Base Game awards 10 Free Spins. The Free Spins are played after the Base Game spin and Respin. The Gold Multiplier and the Win Meter reset between each Free Spin. Each Bonus symbol landed awards 1 additional Free Spin. A maximum of 15 additional Free Spins can be awarded. After that, Bonus symbols do not add more additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and Bet conﬁguration as the round that awarded the Free Spins. BUY "FREE SPINS" Buy "Free Spins" will cost 65x the reference bet size, and starts a round with a guaranteed Free Spins activation. Buy "Free Spins" can only be done in the Base Game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the buy feature is 94.32% The Payout is based on the bet per spin value. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 4/4/2023