Grabba Dabba Dough Untitled Document Grabba Dabba Dough is based on claw machines found in arcades. The aim of the game is to try to grab a toy with the claw. Getting Started At the intro screen press "Play" to get to the main game. Playing the Game Pressing the "PLAY" button drops the crane into view and starts moving back and forth inside the cabinet. The "PLAY" button now becomes a "STOP" button. Pressing the "STOP" button changes the cranes direction to left and right. The "STOP" button now becomes a "GRAB" button, which you then use to grab a toy. The crane now attempts to drop it into the chute. Pressing the blue "i" button next to "PLAY", lets you see the paytable and information on special prizes. How to win You win by grabbing a toy and successfully dropping it in the chute. There's a few scenarios to consider: The toy can directly drop off the grabber as it moves towards the chute The toy can wobble in the jaws of the grabber and fall just before the chute The grabber can slowly lose its grip as it makes its way towards the chute and the toy bounces off the rim and doesn’t go down the chute The grabber can slowly lose its grip as it makes its way towards the chute and the toy bounces around the rim and goes down the chute Grabber picks up toy and it directly goes down the chute Toy is picked up and another toy clings to it creating a double toy scenario. This toy then falls off into the bed as the crane moves and only one of the toys goes into the chute Toy is picked up and another toy clings to it creating a double toy scenario. Both of these toys then fall off into the bed as the crane moves towards the chute Toy is picked up and another toy clings to it creating a double toy scenario. Both of these toys then successfully drop down into the chute Toy is picked up and has a lucky star which is a ‘Free Go’, but it directly drops off the grabber as it moves towards the chute Toy is picked up and has a lucky star which is a ‘Free Go’, but it wobbles in the jaws of the grabber and falls just before the chute Toy is picked up and has a lucky star which is a ‘Free Go’, but the grabber slowly loses its grip as it makes its way to the chute and the toy bounces around the rim and doesn’t go down the chute Toy is picked up and has a lucky star which is a ‘Free Go’ and it successfully drops down the chute Malfunction: The machine sparks and the alarm goes off, the grabber picks up a toy which directly drops off the grabber as it moves towards the chute Malfunction: The machine sparks and the alarm goes off, the grabber goes crazy, picks up toys and they don’t go down the chute Malfunction: The machine sparks and the alarm goes off, the grabber goes crazy, picks up several toys one after another, dropping them directly down the chute Take a look at the in game paytable, to see how much you get for each toy. Changing the stake updates the information on the paytable Game Recovery If a real play game is interrupted (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser etc.), any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. If the game is started but no panels have been selected, the player will be presented with the final outcome of the card with all panels completed. The sequence and values of events leading to the display of the total award may vary from the animation prior to game recovery. This will not affect the result of the game after the game has recovered. General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) including Progressive Jackpot of 85.00%. The maximum payout in this game is 1100 x stake (excludes Progressive Jackpot). System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues, and in certain instances you will not be able to play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Copyright © Copyright 2017 CORE Gaming Limited. – All rights reserved Unauthorised copying of any images, icons, layout, or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 10/24/2019