Glorious Empire Glorious Empire is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 40 lines. Payouts depend on the selected bet value and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.929%. Game Rules 50 coins play 40 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline, beginning from the left most reel AND highest win only on each selected payline beginning from the rightmost reel Wins on different paylines are added All symbols begin with leftmost reel and pay Left to Right on consecutive reels, AND begin with rightmost reel and pay right to left on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Malfunction voids all pays and plays FREE GAMES 7, 10 or 15 Free Games are awarded when 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER appear respectively Any WILD appearing is held for remaining free games Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game Free Game Feature can be retriggered. GAMBLE FEATURE(IF APPLICABLE) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020