Gritty Kitty Game Rules Gritty Kitty is a 6 reels and 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping symbols, expanding reels up to 8 rows, a charged feature Feature Reel and up to 262144 ways to win. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, the maximum bet is $ 10.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. Coin symbols pays out together with other symbol wins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. The game is played in three modes; normal mode, bonus mode with free spins and a coin bonus mode with free spins. The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol. The Feature Reel on the top of the main grid is comprised of 3 rows and 6 reels with feature symbols, empty symbols and empty cells. Feature symbols become active when dropped into the main grid. A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols spinning in the main grid and sliding in from the right in the Feature Reel. Each winning combination in the main grid is paid out and the symbols, except Nitro Reels, are removed from the grid. Gravity applies. Each column included in a win expands with 1 row. Symbols in the Feature Reel above empty cells drop down into the main grid followed by new symbols refilling the main grid. The Feature Reel is refilled from the right, pushing all symbols to the left. Any new winning combinations repeats the cycle. A Nitro Reel always covers two symbol positions and contains 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols. A big Nitro Reel always covers six symbol positions and contains 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical 2x2 payout symbols. The Nitro upgrade feature upgrades the number of symbols in the Nitro Reels. The Nitro upgrade feature affects Nitro Reels on the same and adjacent reels. In case there are no Nitro Reels currently in view, the feature will be kept pending until either a Nitro Reel appears or the game round ends. The Nitro Match feature replaces all symbols in the Nitro Reels to a matching payout symbol, selected at random. The Nitro match feature affects Nitro reels on the same and adjacent reels as the Nitro Match symbol. In case there are no Nitro Reels currently in view, the feature will be kept pending until either a Nitro Reel appears or the game round ends. The Nitro Wild feature replaces all symbols in the Nitro Reels with Wild symbols. The Nitro Wild feature affects Nitro Reels on the same and on adjacent reels as the Nitro Wild symbol. In case there are no Nitro Reels currently in view, the feature be will be kept pending until either a Nitro Reel appears or the game round ends. The TNT symbol removes all payout symbols on the same and adjacent reels. The TNT symbol activates when no more wining combination appears. The Max Rows feature can activate during spin and expand up to 6 reels to the maximum 8 rows. Payout symbols and Wild symbols can appear as big symbols in size 2x2 and 3x3. Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular symbols. If big symbols cannot completely drop down from the feature reel, they will either crush 1x1 symbols in the main grid to fit or split up into 1x1 symbols in the feature reel and partially drop down. If a big symbol ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol. The instant Coin win triggers when a Coin symbol covers the entire Feature Reel (6x3). The Assassin Spins trigger when the Assassin symbol covers the entire Feature Reel (6x3). The Assassin Spins are played with only coin symbols, Nitro Reels, TNT symbols and blockers. 3 Assassin Spins are awarded. Landing one or more coin symbols or Nitro Reel during the Assassin Spins resets the spin counter to 3. All coins are persistent during the Assassin Spins. The total value of all collected coins on the game grid times the selected bet level is paid out when the Assassin Spins end. The Golden collector symbol collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid. 3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the free spin bonus game. All Nitro Reels are sticky during the free spins. 3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins 4 bonus symbols: 10 free spins 5 bonus symbols: 12 free spins 6 bonus symbols: 14 free spins Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed bet. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. No bets can be changed during a game round. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.1%. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 5/7/2025