Gems Gems Gems How to Play Game Introduction Gems Gems Gems™ is a slot game that features Super Multi-Pay and a Free Spins Feature Game. Any or that appears in the main reel set gets copied to the smaller reels. Land 3 or more scattered on the same reel set to trigger the Free Spins Feature Game with a multiplier! Additional Free Spins can be triggered if 3 or more scattered land during this feature! The base game has 4 reel sets in total, each with 5 reels and 3 rows. The Free Spins Feature Game has just one reel set, with a multiplier that gets applied to all payouts depending on the number of reel sets that triggered the feature. Bets Selecting your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons (desktop) or slide the betting options (mobile) to increase or decrease the Total Bet. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest scatter win is paid per game play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click STOP AUTOPLAY to cancel the autoplay. Autoplay is stopped when a bonus event occurs. Symbols Standard Symbols The following symbols are present in Gems Gems Gems™ and their payouts are displayed in the in-game paytable. Special Symbols and are also present in Gems Gems Gems™ and have special characteristics in addition to their payouts: is WILD for all symbols, except . is a scatter symbol. Base Game Super Multi-Pay Any and/or appearing within the main reel set are transferred to the three smaller reel sets, and award any pays or bonuses. and appear on all reels on all reel sets during the base game. If two appear on the same reel, they are only counted as one . Features Free Spins Feature Game Land three or more scattered in a single reel set to trigger the Free Spins Feature. Land 3 scattered during the Free Spins Feature to win 10 additional free spins. The number of free spins awarded is always 10, with additional scattered paying out an additional amount. The Free Spins are played automatically. The Free Spins Bonus ends when no free spins remain or the maximum prize has been reached. The total bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Spins. Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins multiplier is determined by the number of reel sets that triggered the feature. Number of reel sets that triggered Free Spins Multiplier 1 x3 2 x6 3 x9 4 x12 Win Lines The game contains 80 win lines across 4 reel sets in the base game and 20 win lines during the Free Spins Feature. All line configurations are shown on the paylines page of the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the “?” button. DISCLAIMER The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected return for this game is 95.92%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.