Gameshow Glory RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: LOW GAME RULES The game automatically plays max lines times the bet multiplier. All 6 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. FREE GAMES BONUS The Free Games Bonus is awarded during the Wheel Bonus. The number of free games awarded is determined by the number of Bonus Wheels that started the Wheel Bonus. 3 Bonus Wheels awards 7 free games. 4 Bonus Wheels awards 15 free games. During the base game, 3 or more Bonus Wheels appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 starts the Wheel Bonus. Awards 1 wheel spin. If the Wheel Bonus was started with 3 Bonus Wheels, the wheel has the following options, one of which will be awarded: 7 free games in the Free Games Bonus. Credit values between 60 and 400 times the bet multiplier If the Wheel Bonus was started with 4 Bonus Wheels, the wheel has the following options, one of which will be awarded: 15 free games in the Free Games Bonus. Credit values between 250 and 1250 times the bet multiplier Bonus Wheels appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Bonus Wheels are scatter symbols. 200 free games have been played. Briefcases are wild and substitutes for all symbols. Briefcases expand left and substitutes for all symbols in the same position on each reel from the initial Briefcase, up to and including reel 2. Wins are evaluated after Briefcases expand. Briefcases appear only on reels 3, 4, and 5. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/2/2022