Gladiatoro A coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level when it pays out by Diaz collect feature in normal mode or at the end of the Bonus game. Gladiatoro is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 178 ways to win in Normal mode. The reels can expand up to 6 rows and 340 ways to win in Normal mode. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Gladiatoro is played in two modes; Normal mode and bonus mode with Gladiator Bonus Spins. A Gladiator Bonus Spin is a Free Spin where all symbols on the grid spin independently. Also inactive rows spin and can land symbols that are sticky, but remain inactive until the row is activated. In normal mode, wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. Coins, Diaz, the Matador and Toro are available in both Normal mode and bonus mode. The level up coin is a special coin. It expands the game grid upwards by opening up another row at the top, and then turns into a regular coin. Expansion occurs first, prior to win evaluations and other features. It also awards a respin in normal mode if no respin is pending or if Matadors are not awarding respins simultaneously, while it resets the spin counter in bonus mode. The level up coin is available in both Normal mode and bonus mode. A coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level when it pays out by Diaz collect feature in normal mode or at the end of the Bonus game. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the coin, Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. Two or more Matador symbols in Normal mode award a Matador Respin, during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky. Additional Matador symbols that appear during a Matador Respin award an additional respin regardless of the number of Matadors. Landing the Toro when Matador symbols are in view or landing one or more Matador symbols when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. Diaz is a collector symbol in normal mode. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and pays out the collected value times the current bet level. Toro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. The Toro doubles the value of all coin symbols he passes over. In Normal mode, landing the Toro when Matadors are in view or landing one or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then horizontally to knock all Matador symbols off. Toro continues to attack until all Matador symbols are defeated. Toro starts by attacking Matador symbols on the same reel. He then looks to the left and continues to attack to the left as long as there are additional Matador symbols. He finally looks to the right and attacks all Matador symbols on his right side. Toro leaves a trail of wild symbols behind when charging and knocking Matador symbols off in normal mode. Toro leaves no trail of symbols behind when charging and knocking Matadors or Diaz symbols off in bonus mode. 3 Bonus coin symbols anywhere in view trigger the Gladiator Bonus game. The bonus mode starts with three Gladiator Bonus Spins. Landing one or more symbols on the current active rows in the bonus game resets the spin counter to 3. The bonus game is played with only coin, level up, Toro and other versions of Matador and Diaz symbols. Regular coins are sticky during the bonus game. The total value of all collected coins on the active rows on the game grid times the selected bet level is paid out when the bonus game ends. The level up coin in Bonus mode will unlock one locked row and then turn into a regular coin. Symbols landing in locked rows during the bonus game remain sticky but do not reset the spin counter. Filling the fully expanded game grid with 30 sticky symbols in the end of the Bonus game will award the Gladiator Jackpot. The Gladiator Jackpot immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win. The regular Matador symbol and the Toro symbol are not sticky symbols and do therefore not contribute to the Gladiator Jackpot. Sticky symbols in locked rows do not contribute to the Gladiator Jackpot. The Matador symbol behaves differently in the bonus game. The Matador upgrades the value of a random number of coins, and then spins out on the next spin. The persistent Matador symbol is a sticky version of the bonus game Matador that also only appears in the bonus game. The persistent matador upgrades the values of a random number of coins after each spin until the bonus game ends. A combination of Toro and a persistent Matador symbol do not trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. Landing more than one Matador symbol in bonus mode activates one Matador at a time until all Matadors have been activated. The Diaz symbol behaves slightly differently in the bonus game. Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid and then turns into a coin with the collected value. The Diaz symbol together with the Toro will trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature in the Gladiator Bonus game. When charged in bonus mode, Diaz leaves behind a new coin with double his own value at a random position when he is knocked off by the Toro during the Toro Goes Wild feature. The persistent Diaz symbol is a sticky version of the bonus game Diaz that also only appears in the bonus game. The persistent Diaz collects the value from all coins currently on the game grid after each spin until the bonus game ends. A combination of Toro and a persistent Diaz symbol do not trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. Landing more than one Diaz symbol in bonus mode activates one Diaz at a time until all Diaz symbols have been activated. In bonus mode, Toro is a walking symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. No spins are consumed during the respins. The Toro doubles the value of all coin symbols he passes over. Toro remains in position for an additional respin in case a persistent Matador or persistent Diaz is on the reel directly to the left. Toro then passes over the persistent character during the next spin and continues to walk leftwards again from the reel to the left of the persistent character. A persistent Matador or persistent Diaz doesn’t trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. Toro stays in his position and doesn’t interact with the persistent characters. Landing Diaz and the Matador in the same spin will first activate all Matadors, then activate all Diazes. If Toro, Diaz and Matador symbols land in the same spin, all Matadors are activated first, then Diaz symbols are activated and only then the Toro. Any potential persistent Diaz symbols are activated at the end after Toro. The bonus game ends when no spins remain, when the Gladiator Jackpot is triggered, or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Gladiatoro is 94.1%. The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 12/4/2024