Glorious Empire Glorious Empire is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 40 lines. Payouts depend on the selected bet value and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.929%. Game Rules 50 coins play 40 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline, beginning from the left most reel AND highest win only on each selected payline beginning from the rightmost reel Wins on different paylines are added All symbols begin with leftmost reel and pay Left to Right on consecutive reels, AND begin with rightmost reel and pay right to left on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Malfunction voids all pays and plays FREE GAMES 7, 10 or 15 Free Games are awarded when 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER appear respectively Any WILD appearing is held for remaining free games Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game Free Game Feature can be retriggered. How to Play Choose your BET SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and th e number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: LINES: The game is fixed to 40 lines. BET: Move the slider Left or right to adjust the BET you want to play AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 12/6/2017