Gems Infinity Reels Gems Infinity Reels TM is a multi-layered innovative slot game with Infinity Reels mechanics. Adding Multi-Reels gameplay for an exciting Multiple Infinity Reels experience. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Multiply that experience with x2, x3, x4 as many reel sets. Player starts on base game with dual reel sets of 3 reels x 4 rows. On Free games, players may unlock up to 4 multi-reels. WILD PRINCESSES pay double when substituting for a symbol of the same type. Unity Bonus awards a prize of 888x total bet! The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.26% Rules Wild WILD PRINCESS substitute for all symbols except UNITY. When a WILD PRINCESS substitutes for a symbol of the same type (excluding itself), it doubles the payout for that symbol combination. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 any time a WILD PRINCESS (of any type) appears wholly in the reel display, covering all three rows. Scatter Any Unity symbol win trigger Free Spins. Symbol Pays Symbols pay from left to right except UNITY (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 3. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet. Multi-Reels Up to four set of reels can be unlocked during play. The sets of reels are named Ruby, Sapphire, Emerald and Spinel. During the base game, the Ruby (topmost) and Sapphire reel sets are in play. The Emerald reel set is unlocked when 5 or more scatters are collected during free spins. The Spinel reel set is unlocked when 15 or more scatters are collected during free spins. Emerald and Spinel reel sets remain in play until the Free Spins feature is complete. All symbols are calculated only within the reel set they appear within, except UNITY which is counted across all active reel sets. Coinciding wins on different reel sets are added. Wild Princesses WILD PRINCESS substitute for all symbols except UNITY. Each WILD PRINCESS only appears on her matching reel set: WILD RUBY PRINCESS appears only in the Ruby reel set. WILD SAPPHIRE PRINCESS appears only in the Sapphire reel set. WILD EMERALD PRINCESS appears only in the Emerald reel set. WILD SPINEL PRINCESS appears only in the Spinel reel set. When a WILD PRINCESS substitutes for a symbol of the same type (excluding itself), it doubles the payout for that symbol combination. WILD RUBY PRINCESS is a type match for RUBY SPEAR and RUBY GEM. WILD SAPPHIRE PRINCESS is a type match for SAPPHIRE NECKLACE and SAPPHIRE GEM. WILD EMERALD PRINCESS is a type match for EMERALD QUIVER and EMERALD GEM. WILD SPINEL PRINCESS is a type match for SPINEL CROWN and SPINEL GEM. The payout is only doubled once, even if multiple WILD PRINCESS symbols appear in the combination. Participating symbol counts for WILD PRINCESS symbols are calculated as the total number of rows the symbol covers in the active three row display. RUBY PRINCESS, SAPPHIRE PRINCESS, EMERALD PRINCESS and SPINEL PRINCESS only appear on reel sets that do not have a matching WILD PRINCESS symbol. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 4 reels per active reel set. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves the symbol count of any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. On any spin, if a UNITY symbol/symbols appear in the rightmost reel without any existing symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins, on all active reel sets. In any spin (including free spins), the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 any time a WILD PRINCESS (of any type) appears wholly in the reel display, covering all three rows. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Free Spins 5 Free Spins are triggered with any UNITY symbol win during the base game. During Free Spins, UNITY symbols are collected as they appear. Collecting 5 UNITY symbols triggers 5 more Free Spins, and unlocks the Emerald reel set. Collecting 15 UNITY symbols triggers 5 more Free Spins, and unlocks the Spinel reel set. Once all four reel sets are unlocked, any UNITY symbol win triggers 3 extra Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Unity Bonus A prize of 888x total bet (22,200 x Base Bet) is awarded on any spin where at least one of each WILD PRINCESS type appears wholly in the reel display, each covering all three rows. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Unity Bonus wins. Unity Bonus can only be won during Free Spins. Game Rules Select a Total Bet amount. Base Bet is Total Bet divided by 25. Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except UNITY (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 3. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.26% How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of auto plays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 4/4/2023