Gold Megaways Introducing the game Gold Megaways is a 6 reel Megaways game with reacting wins and up to 1,000,000 ways to win in the Free Spins with Extending Reels. Gold Megaways features Win Exchange, which gives extra chances to trigger the Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each inpidual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 70 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 70 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 70 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 20 and 70 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 12 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Reactions All winning symbols, except Scatter, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Expansion Symbol. Wilds occur on reels 2 to 5 only. All wins are multiplied by 3 for every x3 Wild that substitutes in the win. Scatter 3 or more Scatters in any position award 12 Free Spins, plus 4 for each Scatter beyond the third. The Scatter does not appear in the Free Spins. Free Spins The Free Spins start with between 4 and 7 symbols per reel. The number of symbols per reel carries to the next Free Spin. Spin the wheel to reveal your starting Megaways. From 14,000 to 117,649 Megaways will be revealed and the Free Spins will then commence. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Extending Reels™ The Expansion symbol triggers the Extending Reel enhancement. Every time an Expansion Symbol lands it is replaced by two new symbols, thus increasing the number of symbols in that reel by one. Wins are paid after the increased number of symbols are displayed. Reactions occur after wins are paid. The Expansion Symbol only appears during the Free Spins. Free Spin Retrigger When a reel reaches the maximum of ten symbols, an additional 8 Free Spins are awarded. All Wilds on a reel with ten symbols are x3 Wilds. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.42%. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. 'Gold' performed by Spandau Ballet. License courtesy of EMI Records Ltd. Megaways™ is a registered trademark of Big Time Gaming Pty Ltd. Last modification date: 9/21/2022