GoldStruck Blasts GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 17.9 HIGH All 6 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. WILD TRAIN FEATURE When Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol, appear together with Gold Nuggets on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, Front Mine Cart symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Gold Nuggets or Dynamite Triggers. As Front Mine Cart symbols move, any Middle Mine Cart symbols and Rear Mine Cart symbols will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When Front Mine Cart symbols reach and overlaps with a Gold Nugget or Dynamite Trigger, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Gold Nuggets and Dynamite Triggers have been collected. Each Gold Nugget collected increases the number of positions covered by Middle Mine Cart symbols. Additional Middle Mine Cart symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Gold Nuggets collected during the feature. After all Gold Nuggets and Dynamite Triggers have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, and Rear Mine Cart symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Gold Nuggets or Dynamite Triggers were collected. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol and Dynamite Triggers are wild and substitute for all symbols except Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, Rear Mine Cart symbol, and Dynamite Triggers. Gold Nuggets appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 during initial spins and respins. Each Dynamite Trigger collected increases the multiplier meter by 1 value. Each Dynamite Trigger collected awards a scatter value of 5, 10, 20, 40, 60, 100, 150 or 200 Collect 5 to receive a 2x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 9 to receive a 3x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 13 to receive a 5x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 17 to receive a 10x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 21 to receive a 21x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, Rear Mine Cart symbol, and Dynamite Triggers do not substitute for Gold Nuggets for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol appear only on reel 6 during the base game. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 5 or more Gold Nuggets award 5 spins in the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, and Rear Mine Cart symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Front Mine Cart symbol will move one position at a time to overlap with any Gold Nugget or Dynamite Triggers. As the Front Mine Cart symbol moves, any Middle Mine Cart symbol and Rear Mine Cart symbol will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the Front Mine Cart symbol reaches and overlaps with a Gold Nugget or Dynamite Trigger, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Gold Nugget and Dynamite Trigger have been collected. Each Gold Nugget collected increases the number of positions covered by Middle Mine Cart symbols. Additional Middle Mine Cart symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, and Rear Mine Cart symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Gold Nuggets collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Dynamite Trigger collected awards a scatter value of 5, 10, 20, 40, 60, 100, 150 or 200 credits at the end of the Free Games Bonus. Each Gold Nugget and Dynamite Trigger collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Collecting 21 or more total Golden Nuggets across the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards a jackpot of 5000 times the total bet at the end of the Free Games Bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 3/8/2023