Gold Cherry 1 Introduction Gold Cherry is a 5x3 slot game with 10 win lines that pay adjacent. It features a ‘Wild Wheel’ that can turn cherry symbols wild, and a Free Spins feature triggered when 3 scatter symbols land in view on reels 1, 3 and 5. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay adjacent, except the Bonus symbol which pays as a scatter. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4 Dark Cherry / Wild Cherry Any dark cherry symbols in view will convert into wild symbols if the wild wheel lands on a gold segment. The wild symbol will substitute for all symbols except the scatter symbol. The dark cherry symbol appears on all reels in the base game and Free Spins. 5 Gold Cherry Free Spins Bonus entry The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game. 3 Bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the Gold Cherry Free Spins bonus. 6 Gold Cherry Free Spins bonus 10 Free Spins are awarded at the start of the feature. During Free Spins the wild wheel has more wild segments on it, increasing the chance of any dark cherries turning into gold cherry wild symbols. The wild wheel also has x2 segments on it – when the wheel stops on one of these positions all dark cherries turn to wild, and the total won from the spin is multiplied by 2. Free Spins prizes are the same as those of the trigger bet. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 20 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 8 General Information 8.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 8.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.00%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Last modification date: 12/2/2022