Giza Infinity Reels Giza Infinity Reels TM Giza Infinity Reels TM is an innovative slot game with new mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the jackpot. On 15th reel, the player is awarded the Jackpot Prize of 888x total bet The Theoretical Return to Player(RTP) is: 96.57% Buy Bonus: 97.01% Rules Wild WILD SCARAB substitutes for all symbols except PYRAMID. Scatter Any PYRAMID symbol win during the base game triggers 10 Free Spins. Symbols Pays Symbols pay from left to right except PYRAMID (which pays any) where participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. In the base game, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Jackpot A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any spin that results in 12 or more reels being added. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Jackpot wins. Free Spins Any PYRAMID symbol win during the base game triggers 10 Free Spins. The Symbol Multiplier is not reset on trigger of or between individual Free Spins. During Free Spins, the Symbol Multiplier Increment (the amount by which the Symbol Multiplier increases on each added reel) varies in value. On a spin that results in any win, the Symbol Multiplier Increment increases by 1, up to a maximum of 5. On a spin that results in no win, the Symbol Multiplier Increment decreased by 1, down to a minimum of 1. Upon completion of Free Spins, the Symbol Multiplier Increment returns to 1. Any PYRAMID symbol win during Free Spins awards an extra 4 spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Free Spin Levels are accumulated per bet level. Free Spins Gamble Gamble your winnings to multiply your total win by up to 5x. Amount wagered is the total win upon completion of Free Spins. Win multiplier starts at 1x. You may choose to collect your winnings at any time, or attempt to gamble to advance to the next multiplier. The multiplier levels are as follows: Current Multiplier Winning Result Losing Result Chance of winning X1 1.5x 0.5x 1 / 2 1.5x 2x 1x 1 / 2 X2 3x 1x 1 / 2 X3 4x 1x 2/3 X4 5x 1x 3/4 Losing a gamble, or reaching the highest enabled multiplier automatically awards the win and completes the feature. The maximum win from the gamble feature is 10,000 x total bet. If any multipliers would result in a win higher than 10,000 x total bet, they are disabled. BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to purchase a guaranteed Free Spins feature trigger. The cost to buy is 1,500 coins. A spin is played that guarantees a PYRAMID symbol win. Game Rules 20 coins to play. Symbols pay from left to right except PYRAMID (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. WILD SCARAB substitutes for all symbols except PYRAMID. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) Turn quick play On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 12/14/2021