Go Fish 1 Introduction Go Fish! is played with 1024 ways to win. There are four reels; 3 standard spinning reels in the centre and a wrap-around reel that spans all three other reels to their left, above and right, creating a set of 20 symbols in view. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, or 5 of a kind reel wins, or a bonus feature. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All wins pay left to right across adjacent columns, starting with the leftmost regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Bonus feature wins are awarded for 3 or more Go Fish! BONUS symbols appearing anywhere in view. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Multiplier awards are multiplied by the current stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features 4.1 Cascade During the base game and during free spins every winning symbol is part of a cascade. Cascade symbols on the centre three reels are replaced by new symbols coming from above. Gaps created on the outer reel are filled through the bottom left position. 4.2 Mystery Symbols All Worm mystery symbols in view change into one of the following other game symbols at random (excluding Wild and Go Fish! scatter symbols). 4.3 Expanding Wild Puffer Fish The three central reels contain Puffer Fish WILD symbols in the form of a puffer fish. A Puffer Fish will substitute for all symbols except the Go Fish! scatter. If a Puffer Fish lands on the reels and no win results, there is a chance that the wild Puffer Fish will expand to fill 2 symbols high by 2 symbols wide positions on the central reels. If no win results from the expanded puffer fish, there is the chance that the Puffer Fish will expand again. This will result in the Puffer Fish filling the three central reels. A win is guaranteed in this case and all winning combinations are paid. 4.4 Free Spins Bonus During the base game 3 or more Go Fish! Scatters anywhere in view awards a Free Spins bonus. 3 scatter symbols award a free spins bonus with 8 free spins. Additional scatters each add 2 free spins up to a maximum of 42. During free spins each winning Cascade increases the win multiplier by 1. The Free Spins Win is added to any coincidental ways win. 4.5 Free Spins Gamble The Free Spins gamble allows the player to risk the Free Spins won from reels for a chance to win more Free Spins. The TAKE button shows the amount being risked. The SPIN button shows the prize for winning the gamble. Press the TAKE button to collect the current prize, or the SPIN button to start the wheel. The gamble wins if the arrow lands in a green area and loses if it lands in a red area. The prizes for winning or losing the gamble are shown under the gamble wheel and also on a trail at the top of the screen. The segments of the wheel reflect the true odds of winning or losing. The winning Free Spins prize can be risked again until the end of the trail is reached. A maximum of 25 Free Spins can be won from the gamble wheel. If the maximum is reached, the Free Spins are collected automatically. Any remaining Free Spins after a non-winning gamble are collected automatically. 4.6 Water Wheel Bonus During Free Spins, water wheel symbols replace the Go Fish! Scatters on the reels. Getting 3 or more water wheel symbols in view awards the Water Wheel bonus. The screen will transition to show a waterwheel which will spin, slow and stop with one of several possible bonus enhancements pointed to and awarded. The enhancements can increase the total win meter, add more free spins, or increase the win multiplier. Following the Water Wheel bonus the game will return to continue with the remaining free spins. 5 Gamble 5.1 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-‘ and the ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the blue segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. A maximum of 25 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 6 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 7 General Information 7.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 7.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.99%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/1/2022