The Godfather Megaways How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's The Godfather Megaways is under license from Paramount Pictures. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. Game Rules: The Godfather Megaways is a 6 reel Megaways slot featuring a free spins bonus that includes multipliers and game modifiers. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. A round stops when there are no more wins visible on the reels. The maximum win for this game is 10,000x the players bet. The amount of Megaways can vary each spin up to a maximum of 117,649. During cascades on the main reels, winning symbols are removed and new symbols fall downwards to fill in the empty spaces. During cascades on the bonus reel, winning symbols are removed and new symbols cascade left to right to fillany empty spaces. Base Game Modifiers: BONUS REEL WILDS, MAX. MEGAWAYS and WILD CONVERSION modifiers are randomly triggered during the base game. The BONUS REEL WILDS modifier converts all symbols on the bonus reel to wilds. The MAX. MEGAWAYS modifier guarantees a minimum of 117,649 Megaways. The WILD CONVERSION modifier converts all instances of a random royal symbol to a wild symbol on reelS 2, 3, 4 and 5. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the BONUS symbol. Wild symbols exist on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. Bonus Symbol Rules: BONUS symbols exist on all reels. BONUS symbols pay anywhere on the reel. Landing 4 BONUS symbols in the base game awards 10 Free Spins with 1 modifier choice. Landing 5 BONUS symbols in the base game awards 10 Free Spins with 2 modifier choices. Landing 6 BONUS symbols in the base game awards 10 Free Spins with 3 modifier choices. Hold & Hit Rules: If exactly 3 BONUS symbols are in view at the end of a spin, the Hold & Hit feature is triggered. The Hold & Hit feature allows players to hold the reels on which BONUS symbols are in view and respin the reels where any additional BONUS symbols may land. Only BONUS symbols are active during the respin. No other symbols are in play and no ways wins will be paid as a result of any symbols that land during the respin. The price of this respin is dependant on the players bet size as well as the probability of triggering the free spins bonus. There are 9 different Hold & Hit bet options to choose from. These bet options are 10x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x 80x and 90x the players bet. Each increasing bet option has a progessively higher probability of triggering the bonus. The Hold & Hit feature is only available in the base game. Press/click the Hold & Hit logo to toggle the feature on or off. If the player plays Hold & Hit and does not trigger the free spins bonus, the Hold & Hit feature will be available to play again. This process repeats until the player either triggers the free spins bonus or decides to continue with a regular spin or quits the game. The Hold & Hit feature is optional and the player can choose to skip the Hold & Hit feature and continue with the game by paying for a standard spin. The Hold & Hit feature is not available in free bet mode. The Hold & Hit feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Free Spins Rules: Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Free spins will end if the maximum sum of wins value is reached. Free Spins start with a 1x multiplier unless a +5 MULTIPLIER modifier is awarded. The Free Spins multiplier increases +1 with each cascade unless a DOUBLE MULTIPLIER modifier is awarded. The free Spins multiplier does not reset. The +5 FREE SPINS modifier awards an additional 5 free spins. The WILD CONVERSION modifier converts all instances of a random royal symbol to a wild symbol on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5. The DOUBLE MULTIPLIER modifier increases the free spins multiplier +2 with each cascade. The +5 MULTIPLIER modifier increases the current free spins multiplier +5. The MIN.10K WAYS modifier gaurantees a minimum of 10,000 Megaways on each free spin. Once a modifier is activated in free spins, it remains active for the whole of the free spins round. Landing 4 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 2 additional free spins and 1 additional modifier. Landing 5 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 4 additional free spins and 1 additional modifier. Landing 6 BONUS symbols during free spins awards 6 additional free spins and 1 additional modifier. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered or on the maximum multiplier that can be reached. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Players have 4 different feature buy options; Paying 100x the players regular bet triggers 10 Free Spins and 1 modifier selection with a RTP of 94.12% Paying 200x the players regular bet triggers 10 Free Spins and 2 modifier selections with a RTP of 94.06% Paying 500x the players regular bet triggers 10 Free Spins and 3 modifier selections with a RTP of 94.04% Paying 150x the players regular bet triggers 10 Free Spins and either 1, 2 or 3 modifier selections with a RTP of 94.10% Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Megaways™ Rules: Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols from left to right starting with the left-most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ is under licence from Big Time Gaming. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game anddisplay the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based onprior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.04% to 94.16%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. The maximum RTP of 94.16% can be achieved via the Hold & Hit feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/26/2024