Gladiator Legends INTRO Step into the Colosseum and prepare to fight the Gladiator Legends! Set in ancient Rome, this 5x4 spin game with payline wins is a carnage of ferocious fights, brutal beasts and massive multipliers! The sands of the arena run red, and in the end the victors will emerge from the melee to claim their prize! With a win of up to 10,000 times your bet, this is one fight worth fighting. Are you not entertained? VS Symbol VS symbols are a special scatter symbol that expand into DuelReels™ when activated. Each end of the reel can have a multiplier, each one representing a Gladiator. The Gladiators will duel with each other, and the surviving Gladiator’s multiplier (if any) will be applied to the entire reel. The VS symbol appears in the base game and both bonus games. Base game VS symbols only expand into DuelReels™ if the reel would form a part of at least one winning combination when expanded. In the base game, DuelReels™ are wild and substitute for all paying symbols. The possible multiplier values in the base game are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x and 100x. If more than one DuelReels™ with a multiplier connects to a line win, the multiplier values will be added together before multiplying the value of the win. If you land one VS symbol on each reel so that all reels are DuelReels™, the whole grid will be treated as entirely wild. Bonus game In the bonus games, VS symbols always expand whenever they land, and the possible multiplier values change. DuelReels™ are not wild in the bonus games. In Champions of the Arena you can get 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 500x and 1000x. In Unleash the Beast you can get 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x and 500x for reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. On reel 3 you can get x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15 and x20. BONUS GAMES This game has two unique bonus game modes, Champions of the Arena and Unleash the Beast. Champions of the Arena is activated by landing 3 ARENA scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. Unleash the Beast is activated by landing 3 BEAST scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. CHAMPIONS OF THE ARENAThis bonus game starts with 3 spins. Every time you get a VS symbol, the number of free spins is reset to 3. The meter next to the grid displays the number of remaining spins. The bonus game continues until you get three non-winning spins in a row. Symbols appearing in this bonus are: non-winning symbols, VS symbols and Multiplier Coin symbols. In this bonus game you have Reel Multipliers above each reel. Land VS symbols on all reels and let them fight their way through the arena: when DuelReels™ expand, the winning multiplier will replace the current Reel Multiplier on that reel. This means that you also risk losing a high multiplier everytime a new VS symbol lands on a reel. The current Reel Multiplier value will always be the top of the two multiplier values in DuelReels™ on that reel. An additional feature in this bonus game is the Multiplier Coin scatter symbol. There are two types of Multiplier Coin, a Normal Coin and an Epic Coin. When a Normal Coin lands on a reel, it will reveal a multiplier value of x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10 and multiply the corresponding Reel Multiplier value with the value on the Coin. When an Epic Coin lands on a reel, it will reveal a multiplier value of x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10 and multiply ALL Reel Multipliers’ value with the value on the Coin. A Multiplier Coin cannot land on a reel at the same time as a VS symbol. Multiplier Coin symbols are activated before VS symbols. When the bonus game ends, the total win will equal the sum of all current Reel Multipliers times the current bet level. These symbols are non-winning during this bonus game: UNLEASH THE BEAST! This bonus game starts with 3 free spins. Every time you get a VS symbol, the number of free spins is reset to 3. The meter next to the grid displays the number of remaining spins. The bonus game continues until you get three non-winning spins in a row. Symbols appearing in this bonus are: non-winning symbols and VS symbols. In this bonus game you have Reel Multipliers above reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. The Reel Multipliers accumulate the value of DuelReels™ multipliers from their corresponding reels throughout the bonus. Reel 3 is initially locked and will not spin. Reel 3, the 'Beast Reel', will be unlocked when a VS symbol has landed at least once on each one of reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. Reel 3 has a special Beast DuelReels™ with a multiplier that multiplies the other reels’ multipliers before they are added to the Reel Multipliers. When the bonus game ends, the total win will equal the sum of all current Reel Multipliers times the current bet level. These symbols are non-winning during this bonus game: SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.31%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all paying symbols. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 10. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying CHAMPIONS OF THE ARENA is 96.43%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying UNLEASH THE BEAST is 96.46%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying FEATURESPINS™ - 1 VS is 96.45%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying FEATURESPINS™ - 2 VS is 96.4%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between €0.10 and €100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/30/2025