Golden Fire Link Dragon Song BASE GAME PAYTABLE Wild is wild for Tiger, Duck, Fish, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 20. Paytable is dynamic and reflects actual bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All pays in credits. FIREBALL VALUES During the base game, Golden Fire Link Feature, and Free Spins Feature, the prizes that appear on fireballs are listed in the following table. LOCATION VALUES Base Game 1 - 100x total bet, MINI or MINOR Golden Fire Link Feature 1 - 100x total bet, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA Free Spins 0.5 - 20x total bet, MINI or MINOR Credit values displayed have already been multiplied by total bet. GOLDEN FIRE LINK FEATURE 4 or more scattered fireballs during the base game trigger the Golden Fire Link Feature and award 3 spins. The triggering fireballs are held for the duration of the feature. The grid contains 8 rows, with rows 5 - 8 always active, and additional rows become active based on the table below. NUMBER OF FIREBALLS IN ACTIVE ROWS ACTIVATES 8+ Row 4 12+ Row 3 16+ Row 2 20+ Row 1 During the feature, any fireball that land are held for the remainder of the feature. If a fireball lands on an active row, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on each fireball in active rows is awarded. 24 or more fireball awards the top wheel. The top wheel awards 10 - 100 x total bet, MAJOR, or MEGA. If MEGA or MAJOR is awarded, then the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. An alternate set of reels is used during the Golden Fire Link Feature. Only fireballs are evaluated during the feature. FREE SPINS FEATURE Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 20. Paytable is dynamic and reflects actual bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All pays in credits. Scatter symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards 1x total bet and 8 free games. The grid contains 8 rows, of which rows 5 - 8 are active at the start of the bonus. If there are inactive rows remaining, each Unlock symbol that lands in an active row activates an inactive row, with the highest numbered inactive row being activated first. During the feature, each fireball that lands in an active row awards the credit value displayed. Only line pays in active rows are evaluated. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Feature. Scatter symbol does not appear. TURBO MODE The Turbo Mode button is displayed on the bottom right of the reels with an "ON" and "OFF" option. Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. When Free Spins is awarded Turbo Mode button will automatically be turned OFF but can be turned ON during the feature. GAME RULES Only the highest win paid per winning combination. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. LEGAL NOTICES A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Last modification date: 8/14/2024