Gold O'Plenty RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 15.9- VERY HIGH GAME RULES This game is played using Lines evaluation. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and play. BASE GAME Above each reel is a special feature symbol. At the start of each bet the leftmost special feature symbol, as well as any special feature symbols that were awarded on the previous bet, disappear. All other special feature symbols shift left to occupy empty spaces, with new special feature symbols appearing from the right until all 5 spaces are occupied. The Following special feature symbols can appear above the reels: Treasure Chests, Gold Wild Pots, Wild Multi Arrow Barrels, Purple Crystal Satchels, Purple Diamonds, and Green Four Leaf Clovers. Treasure Chests award credits equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Treasure Chests appear with an amount between 2 and 100 times the total bet. Gold Wild Pots transform all positions on the reel below it to Wilds. Wild Multi Arrow Barrels transforms random positions on the reels to Wilds. The number of positions transformed is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Wild Multi Arrow Barrels appear with an amount between 3 and 20. Purple Crystal Satchels will multiply all credits won on the current bet by the amount shown on that symbol. Purple Crystal Satchels appear with an amount of x2, x3, x4, x5, or x10. If more than 1 Purple Crystal Satchels are awarded, then the sum of their values is the amount by which all credits won are multiplied. Amounts won during the Free Games Bonus and Pick Bonus are multiplied after those bonuses are complete. Green Four Leaf Clovers award the Pick Bonus. The number of pick bonus lives awarded is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. If more than 1 Green Four Leaf Clover is awarded, then each Pick Bonus is played in sequence. Purple Diamonds award Free Games Bonus. The number of free games awarded is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. If more than 1 Purple Diamond is awarded, then the number of free games awarded is equal to the sum of the amounts shown on those symbols. Rainbows appearing in any position on the reels awards the special feature above that reel. If at least 1 Rainbow appears in any position on the reels, there is a random chance that 1 or 2 additional Rainbows will be added to other reels before special features are awarded, up to a maximum of 1 Rainbow per reel. Wins are evaluated after all Wilds resulting from Gold Wild Pots and Wild Multi Arrow Barrels have been placed. When placing the first bet or when placing a bet with a different bet per line than the previous bet per line, all 5 spaces above the reels are occupied by Treasure Chests, each with an amount equal to 2 times the total bet. FREE GAMES Below each reel is a special feature symbol. At the start of each free game the leftmost special feature symbol, as well as any special feature symbols that were awarded on the previous free game, disappear. All other special feature symbols shift left to occupy empty spaces, with new special feature symbols appearing from the right until all 5 spaces are occupied. The Following special feature symbols can appear below the reels: Treasure Chests, Gold Wild Pots, Wild Multi Arrow Barrels, Purple Crystal Satchels, and Purple Diamonds. Treasure Chests award credits equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Treasure Chests appear with an amount between 2 and 20 times the total bet. Gold Wild Pots transform all positions on the reel below it to Wilds. Wild Multi Arrow Barrels transforms random positions on the reels to Wilds. The number of positions transformed is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Wild Multi Arrow Barrels appear with an amount between 3 and 10. Purple Crystal Satchels will multiply all credits won on the current bet by the amount shown on that symbol. Purple Crystal Satchels appear with an amount of x2, x3, x4, or x5. If more than 1 Purple Crystal Satchels are awarded, then the sum of their values is the amount by which all credits won are multiplied. Amounts won during the Free Games Bonus and Pick Bonus are multiplied after those bonuses are complete. Purple Diamonds award additional free games. The number of addition free games awarded is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Rainbows appearing in any position on the reels awards the special feature below that reel. Wins are evaluated after all Wilds resulting from Gold Wild Pots and Wild Multi Arrow Barrels have been placed. At the start of the Free Games Bonus all 5 spaces below the reels are occupied by randomly selected special feature symbols. The Free Games Bonus Uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 100 free games have been played. PICK BONUS During the base game, Green Four Leaf Clovers appearing above any Rainbows starts the Pick Bonus. The Pick Bonus starts with a pick bonus multiplier of x1 and a number of pick bonus lives equal to the value on the Green Four Leaf Clover that started the Pick Bonus. Pick Gold Coins to reveal credit awards between 1 and 10 times the total bet. Each pick awards the revealed amount times the current pick bonus multiplier. The bonus multiplier increases by 1 after every 7 picks. Picking a Gold Coin may also reveal a Red Blast. Revealing a Red Blast reduces the number of pick bonus lives by 1. The Pick Bonus ends when the number of pick bonus lives is reduced to 0. Last modification date: 6/21/2022