Green Lantern 2016 Green Lantern is a 5 reel slot game with a Bonus Bet, Lantern Free Games, and Ring Feature to boostyour winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any ofthe 50 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbolsachieved. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is, Bonus Bet Inactive: 92.350%, Bonus Bet Activated:95.341%. Game Rules Play 50 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scattered Ring and Bonus Ring which pays anyGreen Lantern appears on Reels 2 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except Scattered Ring and Bonus Ring The prize is doubled when Green Lantern substitutes in a winning combination Malfunction voids all pays and plays BONUS BET The Bonus Bet is activated by playing 10 extra coinsThe Ring Feature is only available when Bonus Bet is activated LANTERN FREE GAMES 24 Free Games are awarded when Green Lantern appears on Reels 2 and 4, and LANTERN appears onReel 3 During the Free Games, the prize is quadrupled when Green Lantern substitutes in a winningcombination Every LANTERN that appears adds an additional Green Lantern to Reels 2 and 4 for the remaining FreeGames The Lantern Free Games cannot be retriggered during the Lantern Free GamesFree Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger gameFree Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins RING FEATURE The Ring Feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Ring appearWin up to 100x the triggering betThe Ring Feature cannot be triggered during the Lantern Free Games How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the SPIN button. HOME Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: LINES The game is fixed to 50 lines. BET: Adjusts the BET. The slider adjusts the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The slider increases or decreases the number of autoplays. The available autoplays ranges from 0 to 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game MUTE Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Total Bet : The total wager staked. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020