Hot Slot: 777 Cash Out Grand Diamond Edition The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 20 fixed bet lines. Wins are awarded for drawing 2, 3, 4 or 5 symbols of a kind on an active betline, from leftmost to right on consecutive reels, according to the paytable. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The maximum win amount is 3000x bet. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. Wins from different lines are added together. SPECIAL FEATURES CASH OUT Cash Out symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Jackpot symbols drawn on the reels and pays the total win. STICKY CASHOUT Sticky Cash Out symbol can appear on a random reel and will stick to it from 10 to 20 spins before it becomes active. When the countdown reaches 0, the Sticky Cash Out symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Jackpot symbols drawn on the reels and pays the total win. Sticky Cash Out symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and Volatility Level™ and only appear on the bet level and Volatility Level they were obtained on. All Sticky Cash Out symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. STICKY MULTIPLIER Sticky Multiplier symbol can appear on a random reel and will stick to it from 2 to 6 spins. If drawn with the Sticky to Infinity™ feature, it will stick to the reel until a Cash Out or Sticky Cash Out win is paid. Sticky Multiplier symbols multiply the Cash symbols' values by 2-5x. If the Cash Out symbol is drawn or the Sticky Cash Out symbol is activated, they accumulate and payout multiplied Cash symbols' values. All Sticky Multiplier symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. CASH AND JACKPOT SYMBOLS Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x player's bet. MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA Jackpot symbols award corresponding Jackpots. Cash and Jackpot symbols award prizes only if drawn together with the Cash Out symbol. GRAND JACKPOT Landing 15 Cash and/or Jackpot symbols awards the GRAND Jackpot of 3000x player's bet. CHANCE LEVEL The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 4 levels: Chance Level™ x2 - the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance to win Jackpots. chance Level™ x4 - the base bet is multiplied by 4, giving y u a 4x higher chance t win Jackpots. Chance Level™ x8 - the base bet is multiplied by 8, giving y u a 8x higher chance t win Jackpots. Chance Level™ x12 - the base bet is multiplied by 12, giving y u a 12xhigher chance to win Jackpots. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet Sticky symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing ChanceLevel and only appear on the Chance Level™ they were obtained on. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. Last modification date: 3/7/2025