Holy Diver HELP Introducing the game Holy Diver is a six-reel video slot with Reel Adventure™ featuring Big Time Gaming’s unique Megaways™. A Reel Adventure™ slot gives players the opportunity to upgrade their game, giving more chances to win and an increasing feature potential. Megaways™ Each reel can have up to 7 symbols. Win Multipliers increase the ways to win. Each spin can have up to: Level 1 = 117,649 Megaways™ to win Level 2 = 396,900 Megaways™ to win Level 3 = 586,971 Megaways™ to win How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. The Reel Adventure™ progress is unique to each stake value. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The Reel Adventure™ character will progress and the 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbols Wins All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Wilds substitute for all symbols. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Chests of Fortune Open Chests to enhance reels 2 to 5 for the current spin with one of the following 4 bonuses. Standard Symbol Bonus Reveals a standard symbol 9, 10, J, Q, K or A. Revealed symbol is converted into Wild. Sword Bonus Adds up to 3 full reel wilds each with a win multiplier up to X7. Fireball Bonus Adds up to four Flaming Wilds, one per reel. Gem Symbol Bonus Reveals one or more gem symbol. Revealed symbols are converted into Wilds with a win multiplier based on the level. Shield of Fortune Any gems revealed from Chests are added to the shield. Up to 4 gems can be revealed at once. Once all four gems are revealed the player has a choice to level up or collect the free spins. Completion of level 3 will automatically trigger free spins. Free Spins Feature On collecting Free Spins you are awarded 10 free spins. During Free Spins every Gem on reels 2 to 5 will turn Wild with a win multiplier based on the level. Level 1 = Wild Level 2 = x2 Wild Level 3 = x3 Wild The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the free spins feature, the game returns to Level 1. Diamond Retrigger The Hero will collect Diamonds during the free spins. The first four Diamonds gives you an extra spin each and the fifth diamond awards 8 additional free spins and a retrigger. A Retrigger increases the base number of symbols per reel. First Retrigger: 4 to 7 symbols Second Retrigger: 6 to 7 symbols Additional Retriggers: 7 symbols General Information This game has a RTP of between 96.39% - 96.54% In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/29/2021