Hot Slot: 777 Gold Crown The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 10 fixed bet lines. Wins are awarded for drawing 2, 3, 4 or 5 symbols of a kind on an active bet line, from leftmost to right on consecutive reels, according to the paytable. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins from different lines are added together. Scatter symbols pay at any position on the reels. The maximum win amount is 1500x bet. SPECIAL FEATURES GRAND JACKPOT Landing 15 Seven symbols awards the GRAND Jackpot of 1500x player's bet. 5 SCATTERS JACKPOT Landing 2, 3, 4, or 5 Scatters awards MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND Jackpot respectively. CHANCE LEVEL The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: Chance Level x2 - the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance to win Jackpots. Chance Level x5 - the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you a 5x higher chance to win Jackpots. Chance Level x10 - the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you a 10x higher chance to win Jackpots. The Chance Level feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.14% Player Return Percentage (% RTP – Percentage Return to Player) is the expected percentage of bets that a particular Game will return to the Player in the long run. It is equal to the total amount of contributions to the total returns. STANDARD BET VALUES Minimum bet per spin: USD 0.10 Maximum bet per spin: USD 100 Volatility Levels Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. Gamble Feature The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature,continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. Each draw is independent of the previous one and has the same probability of winning. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: USD 150,000 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 1/20/2026