Hot Offer 2 Welcome to HOT OFFER 2, packed with new features such as SPECIAL CHIPS, HOT CHIP RESPINS and ULTRASPINZ, as well as the return of previous favourites, the notorious HOT OFFER, DOUBLE UP FREE SPINS and the CHIP UP METER! THE HOT OFFER Cash chips can show a mystery symbol, cash values or mega values. Land any combination of 5 or more CHIP and/or MEGA CHIP symbols on one spin to trigger a feature. HOT CASH If there are no "?" shown, you will instantly win the value of all CHIP and MEGA CHIP prizes shown. HOT OFFER If one or more "?" are shown, a HOT OFFER is presented: TAKE OFFER: Win the prize shown on the Hot Offer Panel. TAKE CHIPS: Reveal all "?" and win the value of all landed chip prizes. After the Hot Offer feature, the Chip Up Meter is reset to level 1 (red). At the start of the next spin, the chips landed for the Hot Offer will be credited to the CHIP UP METER. CHIP-UP METER Every 25 chips will earn a chip promotion and the range of values will increase. There are 10 levels, starting at red and ending with gold. MEGA CHIPS are unaffected by the chip level. SPECIAL CHIP Any regular chip may ignite with a special purple fire and become a SPECIAL CHIP. The special chip can have one of two powers: METER BOOST: The chip will credit the meter between 7 and 15 chips instead of the usual one. HOT CHIP RESPINS: If the chip is landed as part of a HOT CASH or HOT OFFER feature then it will award the hold and spin respins feature. HOT CHIP RESPINS When triggered all chips on the grid will be held and 3 respins will be awarded. The remaining reel positions will spin and contain chips or blanks. If no new chips are landed a life will be lost, otherwise lives will be reset to 3. When all lives are lost the game will end and either HOT CASH will be awarded, or a HOT OFFER will be made. ULTRASPINZ ULTRASPINZ can trigger on any spin containing 1 to 4 chips. It will remain active for the current spin and the next 6 to 12 spins. During these wagered spins: No mystery chips will land. Cash from ALL chips in view will be won regardless of how many land. The Chip Up Meter is never reset. DOUBLE UP FREE SPINS Landing 3 or more BONUS scatter symbols awards 7 spins. DURING FREE SPINS All regular wins are doubled. All chip collections are doubled. All chip values are doubled. Any HOT CHIP RESPINS are awarded as described above and are in addition to free spins. LOCKED METER Upon entering free spins, the meter keeps all collections and chip level from the base game. Free spins will start at the level shown by the CHIP UP METER on the triggering spin. During free spins the meter is not reset after a Hot Offer is awarded, except if the feature is landed on the final spin. RETRIGGERS An additional 7 Free Spins may be triggered by landing 3 BONUS symbols in the same spin. BUY BONUS Players can choose to buy any of 3 bonus games: BUY BONUS 7 Free Spins with the Chip Up Meter starting at level 1 (red chips). Cost: 40x base bet. SUPER BUY BONUS 7 Free Spins with the Chip Up Meter starting at level 5 (blue chips). Cost: 100x base bet. MEGA BUY BONUS 7 Free Spins with the Chip Up Meter starting at level 10 (gold chips). Cost: 300x base bet. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the pay table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include BONUS symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the bonus. RETURN TO PLAYER The RTP cannot be affected by player strategy. RTP - 94.03% ADDITIONAL INFO There are 20 pay lines, all of which must be played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 9/23/2025