Horses Sprints Virtual Sports is a selection of scheduled fixed odds games that use a Random Number Generator (RNG) to decide the outcome. RNG Virtual Sports are a computer-generated presentation of a totally random number draw result where the outcomes are decided by numbers selected by a Random Number Generator (RNG). The RNG has been independently tested and certified by DGE. Virtual General Rules: All players will be able to view the same schedules at the same time and receive the same outcomes. All the events times presented in the video feed are UTC times. The time displayed in the Events Scheduler is always the users local time. Depending on your Internet connection there is the possibility that the video stream and or commentary might appear with a delay. This is considered normal, acceptable behaviour and does not affect the outcome. We will strive to settle your bet immediately after the event has finished, but please bear in mind there may be a short delay in settlement. For all prices presented in the video streams the Decimal display is used. A flashing indicator appears on the quick pick button and event timer when the event start time is: 30 – 16 seconds before an event the flashing light is orange 15 – 0 seconds before an event the flashing light is red The Minimum wager for any bet amount is $0.05 The Maximum wager for any bet amount is $100.00 (providing the maximum potential winnings from a single bet is not reached) The Maximum potential winnings that can be won from a single bet is $20,000.00 Any bet that would exceed the maximum potential winnings can’t be committed. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Virtual Horse Racing: You can choose from three different events, Sprints, Flats or Jumps. Once decided you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 15 minutes in the future. Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each horse. While the event is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished there will be a replay of the top 3 finishers crossing the line, the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. Virtual Motor Racing: You can choose from two different events, Stock Cars or Indy Cars. Once decided you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 15 minutes in the future. Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each car. While the event is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished there will be a replay of the top 3 finishers crossing the line, the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. Virtual Dog Racing: Prior to each event you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 15 minutes in the future. Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each dog. While the event is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished there will be a replay of the top 3 finishers crossing the line, the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. Virtual Marble Racing: Prior to each event you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 15 minutes in the future.Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each marble. While the event is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. Virtual Soccer: You can choose from three different events, Euro, Super League or World Cup. Prior to each event you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 20 minutes in the future. Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each outcome from within the selection of the different betting markets. The match will commence, and a highlight reel of goal scoring opportunities will be shown. While the match is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. Virtual Basketball: You can choose from two different events, US1 or US2. Prior to each event you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 20 minutes in the future. Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each outcome from within the selection of the different betting markets. The atch will commence, and a highlight reel of point scoring opportunities will be shown. While the match is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. Virtual American Football: You can choose from two different events, NFLA or H2H. Prior to each event you can select to either bet on the next scheduled event or another event up to 20 minutes in the future. Make your selections and place your bet(s) using the odds displayed for each outcome from within the selection of the different betting markets. The match will commence, and a highlight reel of point scoring opportunities will be shown. While the match is running any bets placed on that event will be displayed over the event card. After the event has finished the results are published and any bet(s) on that event are settled. The Betting Markets And Respective RTP% For All Virtual Sports Horse Racing: Flats 8 runners Market RTP % To Win 86.21 Exacta 76.92 Trifecta 71.43 Quinella 76.92 Combination Trifecta 71.43 Horse Racing: Jumps 10 runners Market RTP % To Win 84.75 Exacta 76.92 Trifecta 71.43 Quinella 76.92 Combination Trifecta 71.43 Horse Racing: Sprints 12 runners Market RTP % To Win 83.33 Exacta 76.92 Trifecta 71.43 Quinella 76.92 Combination Trifecta 71.43 Motor Racing: Market RTP % To Win 83.33 Exacta 76.92 Trifecta 71.43 Quinella 76.92 Combination Trifecta 71.43 Dogs Racing: Market RTP % To Win 86.96 Forecast 76.92 Tricast 71.43 Reverse Forecast 76.92 Combination Tricast 71.43 Marble Racing: Market RTP % To Win 90.00 Top 2 In Order 90.00 Top 3 In Order 90.00 Top 2 In Any Order 90.00 Top 3 In Any Order 90.00 Basketball: Market RTP % Spread 94.34 Money Line 94.34 Total Points Under/Over 94.34 Winning Margin 84.75 Total Points Group (5 pts) 80.00 Money Line & Total Points O/U 90.91 Spread & Total Points O/U 90.91 US Football Market RTP % Spread 94.34 Money Line 94.34 Total Points Under/Over 94.34 Winning Margin 83.33 Total Points Group (5 pts) 86.21 Money Line & Total Points O/U 90.91 Spread & Total Points O/U 90.91 Soccer: Market RTP % Match Result 93.46 Over / Under 2.5 94.34 Both Teams to Score 94.34 Total Goals 89.29 Correct Score 81.97 Double Chance 89.29 Betting Terminology – Racing Events A “To Win” is a bet where you make one selection to come 1 st for a specified event. An “Each Way” (E/W) is a bet where you make one selection but has double the stake value and is essentially two separate bets: one for the horse to win, the other for the selection to place in 1 st ,2 nd or 3 rd in that race, depending on the amount of runners. Number of Runners Each Way places 0 – 7 1 st & 2 nd 8 – 15 1 st ,2 nd & 3 rd An "Exacta" is a bet where you name two selections to come 1 st & 2 nd in the correct order for a specified event. A "Quinella" is when you name two selections to finish 1 st & 2 nd in any order for a specific event. A “Trifecta” is a bet where you name the selections to finish 1 st , 2 nd & 3 rd in the correct order for a specified event. A “Combination Trifecta” is when you name three selections to finish 1 st , 2 nd & 3 rd in any order for a specific event. A “Top 2” is a bet where you name two selections to come 1 st & 2 nd in the correct order for a specified event. A "Top 2 – Any Order" is when you name two selections to finish 1 st & 2 nd in any order for a specific event. A “Top 3” is a bet where you name the selections to finish 1 st , 2 nd & 3 rd in the correct order for a specified event. A “Top 3 – Any Order” is when you name three selections to finish 1 st , 2 nd & 3 rd in any order for a specific event. Betting Terminology – Soccer A “Match Result” is a bet where you decide if the Home or Away team will win the match or if it will end in a tie. A “Correct Score” is a bet where you decide on the final score of the match. A “Total Goals” is a bet where you decide how many goals will be scored in the match. A “Both Teams To Score” is a bet where you decide if both teams will score in the match or not. A “Double Chance” bet allows you to cover two of the three possible outcomes in a soccer match with one bet. A “Over / Under” is a bet on whether the total number of goals in a match is over or under 2.5. Betting Terminology – Basketball A “Spread” bet is where you decide which team will win the game given an ‘x’ number of point’s head start. A “Total Points (under/over)” is a bet where you decide if the total number of points scored during the game will be under or over ‘x’. A “Money Line” bet allows you to choose who will win the game. A “Total Points Groups (5 Points)” is a bet that allows you to decide how many points will be scored with those possible options grouped into 5. A “Spread & Total Points (under/over)” is a bet combining the Spread and Total Points markets. A “Money Line & Total Points (under/over)” is a bet combining the Money Line and Total Points markets. Betting Terminology – American Football A “Spread” bet is where you decide which team will win the game given an ‘x’ number of point’s head start. A “Total Points (under/over)” is a bet where you decide if the total number of points scored during the game will be under or over ‘x’. A “Money Line” bet allows you to choose who will win the game. A “Total Points Groups (25 Points)” is a bet that allows you to decide how many points will be scored with those possible options grouped into 25. A “Spread & Total Points (under/over)” is a bet combining the Spread and Total Points markets. A “Money Line & Total Points (under/over)” is a bet combining the Money Line and Total Points markets. How Do I Place A Single Bet? First select the sport you wish to place a Single bet against from the event selection buttons. Then select a scheduled time for the event that you want to bet on. When you have chosen this, you can click on an outcome and your selection will then automatically appear on your bet slip. Enter the amount you want to stake in the box provided, and your potential winnings will be shown. To place the bet click on 'Place Bets'. Providing your account has enough funds the bet shall be committed and cannot be removed. How Do I Place An Each Way (E/W) Bet? First select the sport you wish to place an E/W bet against from the event selection buttons. Then select a scheduled time for the event that you want to bet on. When you have chosen this, you can click on an outcome and your selection will then automatically appear on your bet slip. The E/W box button under the selection must be checked to enable the E/W selection. Enter the amount you want to stake in the box provided. The amount you enter in the stake box is doubled (shown at the bottom of the bet slip) and your potential winnings will be shown. To place the bet click on 'Place Bets'. Providing your account has enough funds the bet shall be committed and cannot be removed. How Do I Place An Exacta Bet? First select the sport you wish to place an Exacta bet against from the event selection buttons. Then select a scheduled time for the event that you want to bet on. When you have chosen this, select the Exacta/Trifecta tab. You can now select two runners you wish to finish 1 st & 2 nd Click on the “Add to Bet Slip” button to move your selection to the bet slip. Enter the amount you want to stake in the box provided, and your potential winnings will be shown. To place the bet click on 'Place Bets'. Providing your account has enough funds the bet shall be committed and cannot be removed. How Do I Place A Quinella Bet? First select the sport you wish to place a Quinella bet against from the event selection buttons. Then select a scheduled time for the event that you want to bet on. When you have chosen this, select the Exacta/Trifecta tab. Use the “Any” option to select the runners you wish to finish 1 st & 2 nd in any order Click on the “Add to Bet Slip” button to move your selection to the bet slip. Enter the amount you want to stake in the box provided, and your potential winnings will be shown. To place the bet click on 'Place Bets'. Providing your account has enough funds the bet shall be committed and cannot be removed. How Do I Place A Trifecta Bet? First select the sport you wish to place a Trifecta bet against from the event selection buttons. Then select a scheduled time for the event that you want to bet on. When you have chosen this, select the Exacta/Trifecta tab. Click the toggle button to change from an Exacta bet to a Trifecta bet. You can now select three runners you wish to finish 1 st , 2 nd & 3 rd Click on the “Add to Bet Slip” button to move your selection to the bet slip. Enter the amount you want to stake in the box provided, and your potential winnings will be shown. To place the bet click on 'Place Bets'. Providing your account has enough funds the bet shall be committed and cannot be removed. How Do I Place A Combination Trifecta Bet? First select the sport you wish to place a Combination Trifecta bet against from the event selection buttons. Then select a scheduled time for the event that you want to bet on. When you have chosen this, select the Exacta/Trifecta tab. Click the toggle button to change from an Exacta bet to a Trifecta bet. Use the “Any” option to select the runners you wish to finish 1 st , 2 nd & 3 rd in any order Click on the “Add to Bet Slip” button to move your selection to the bet slip. Enter the amount you want to stake in the box provided, and your potential winnings will be shown. To place the bet click on 'Place Bets'. Providing your account has enough funds the bet shall be committed and cannot be removed. How Do I See What Bet(s) I Have Placed On The Current Event? If a bet has been made on the event that is currently being played out a “Bet Summary” is displayed over the event card. This will detail: The amount staked The bet placed The potential returns for that bet. How Are Prizes And Odds Calculated? Odds and prizes are calculated using the decimal format. In the case of any rounding that maybe required to pay a prize or calculate any odds the following is used: 0.1c > 0.4c = 0c 0.5c > 0.9c = 1c Any amount from 0.4c and below is rounded down to the nearest cent. Any amount from 0.5c and upwards is rounded up the nearest cent. I Still Have Five Seconds Left Before The Event Start Time, But I Can’t Place A Bet, Why? No more bets will be called 5 seconds before an event is scheduled to start. During this time no further bets can be placed on that event. How Can I See My Previous Bets? Within the Settled Bets tab on the bet slip there is an option on the bottom right to view your bet history. Click this button and the previous 100 bets or up to the last three months’ worth of bets are displayed. You can also use the Filter Wins toggle button to only show the winning bets. I Have A Bet On My Slip From A Previous Event, How Do I Remove It? If a selection from an event is placed on the slip tab but not is not committed, you will be informed that you need to remove the event(s) before placing any futures bets. This can be done by pressing the dismiss icon (X) on the bet itself or use the “Remove Closed Events” button on the bottom of the bet slip. I Have A Bet On My Slip Tab That I No Longer Want, How Do I Cancel It? Just because a bet is on the slip does not mean it has to be committed. You can remove the bet by using the dismiss icon (X) on the bet itself or use the “Remove All” button on the bottom of the bet slip. Last modification date: 6/24/2021