Henry VIII Contents: Getting Started How to play How do you win? Auto Play Turbo Mode Bonus Feature Reel Modifiers Ultra Spins Game Recovery General Information Getting Started: Henry VIII is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There are multiple bonus games and reel modifiers. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, or a bonus feature. Set your bet Henry VIII has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus Feature Bonus feature wins are awarded for 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols appearing anywhere in view. There are three bonus games available to the player. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Reel Modifiers Henry may appear in the bottom right corner of the reels to award a reel modifier. This may either award 'Super Bonus Reels', 'Super Reel', 5 of a kind wins or a Big Win. Henry may not always award a reel modifier. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Feature: When the Bonus is triggered you are presented with a feature wheel. The player must spin the wheel to select a feature. Note: The outcome of this wheel is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. The bonus games available on the wheel are, King Spins, Wild Joker Spins and Royal Roller. Four or five Bonus symbols on the reels increases the chances of a better bonus. King Spins Upon achieving this feature, the player is awarded a cash prize of x2 total stake and will have the opportunity to select one of two types of Free Spins games. UNLIMITED FREE SPINS WITH PROGRESSIVE MULTIPLIER During the Free Spins, an executioner symbol may appear on the reels. When this happens, one of Henry's wives will reveal a multiplier above the reels. This multiplier will apply to all wins for all spins going forward until another executioner appears which will increase the multiplier. Up to three executioners can appear during a single spin. All wins are multiplied by 2 after one executioner has appeared on the reels. Wins will then be multiplied by 3 once a second executioner appears on the reels. A third executioner increases the multiplier to 4 and a forth increases it to 5. The free spins feature will end once a fifth executioner appears on the reels. 8 FREE SPINS WITH A X4 MULTIPLIER 8 Free Spins will be awarded with all wins multiplied by 4 throughout the feature. The number of spins remaining is displayed below the reels. Wild Joker Spins This feature will award the player three 'Wild Joker Spins'. During the first spin, a Joker will place three wilds vertically down any one of the five reels. Any wins at this point will be added to the running total and the stack of wilds will lock in for all subsequent spins throughout the feature. During the second spin, the Joker will place three wilds vertically down on another reel. This will then add any more winnings to the running total. During the 3rd and final spin, the Joker will place a final stack of wilds on another reel. Once the wins for the third spin have accumulated, the feature will end. Royal Roller All rows on the reels are made up of the same symbols. This will award multiple 5 of a kind wins for one spin. The feature will end once all wins have been accumulated for this spin. Reel Modifiers: Reel modifiers are awarded when Henry opens his chest in the bottom right corner of the reel screen. There are four possible reel modifiers that occur randomly during a normal spin. Super Reel A Colossal symbol will take up position anywhere on the reels. This will represent one symbol across 3 x 3 symbol positions on the reels. Super Bonus Reels An increased amount of Bonus symbols will appear for one spin, significantly increasing the chance of a bonus game entry. Big Win A big win is assured when Henry announces a 'Big Win'. This will ensure a large win composed of the high paying 'Henry VIII' symbol. 5 of a kind This will ensure at least one '5 of a kind' reel win will appear on the reels. Ultra Spins: Pressing the Ultra Spins button will present the player with 2 Ultra Spins stakes to choose from. £20 stake £30 stake Note: these values represent GBP. Stake up for more chances to win big. Upon committing to a stake, the player will be presented with a pyramid. The player must begin by selecting a block from the lowest level of the pyramid. The player will move up one level of the pyramid if an arrow is uncovered. All other blocks will contain either a feature or an amount of Ultra Spins to play. The player is awarded the first feature/Ultra Spins amount that is selected. Ultra Spins will play out automatically one by one. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 2, 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Henry VIII logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. The bonus games will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. Ultra Spins £20: RTP is 96.1%. Ultra Spins £30: RTP is 96.1%. Note: these values represent GBP. Last modification date: 12/6/2017