Hidden Game Description Hidden is a Mobile First! 5 reel slot with massive falling blocks. It comes with a thrilling mix of respins, free spins, sticky wilds, expanding symbols and cascading win lines. All is presented in a colorful Egyptian setting with a catchysoundtrack. The connecting paylines generate 178 ways to win and the chance to win as much as up to 215.000 coins. During the Flashback Respins feature one, two or three of the middle reels get completely covered by sticky wilds. This generating even more generous payouts. Three magnifying glasses on any reel positions trigger the free spins bonus game – the Treasure Room. One of the other symbols present on screen is randomly selected as the expanding symbol for the bonus game. During the bonus game this symbol will expand 2x2, creating big blocks of identical symbols. Non-expanding symbols are cleared away to give room for a second symbol drop and potential new winning combinations. The bonus game starts off with 5 free spins, where every additional magnifying glass adds one extra free spin. Every spin has the potential to generate considerable wins due to the sequential payouts. Key Features Feature Value Lines 178 connecting paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~24% Name Hidden Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Hidden is a 5 reel, 4 rows slot with 178 connecting paylines. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Hidden is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. During Normal mode Flashback Respins randomly appear, covering up to 3 of the middle reels with sticky Wilds. The sticky Wilds can cover reel 2, 3 and 4 and remain for 3 spins. Additional Wilds during Flashback Respins are not sticky. Flashback Respins can not be retrigged within the same spin. The Wild symbol appears on reel 2, 3 and 4. It substitutes any other symbol except for the magnifier glass (bonus symbol). The magnifier glass is a scatter symbol and appears on reel 2, 3 and 4. A combination of 3 magnifier glass symbols triggers Bonus mode with 5 free spins - the Treasure Room Free Spins bonus game. For every magnifier glass symbol appearing during Bonus mode, 1 extra free spin is generated. When entering Bonus mode, one expanding symbol is randomly selected from the symbols present on screen (except magnifier glass symbols). The expansion occurs after payout. All non-expanding symbols get cleared away, expanded symbols fall down, more symbols drop down and the new result is paid out accordingly. Then the next free spin starts. When no more free spins remain, the Treasure Room Free Spins bonus game ends. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Hidden is 96.3% The game has a maximum win of 215,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 12/6/2017