Ho Ho Tower Game Description Ho Ho Tower is a 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. The game offers a vivid mix of symbols and bonus features accompanied by Christmas music. Connecting paylines generate 99 ways to win and the chance to win up to 153 075 coins. The Bonus triggers by three or more red Bonus symbols on any reel positions or at least one blue Mystery Bonus symbol. More than three red Bonus symbols award up to two additional lives for the Bonus game, while a blue Mystery Bonus symbol always guarantees two additional lives. When a wheel section is hit a second time in the Bonus game, any remaining additional life is spent to keep the player in the Bonus game. There ia a maximum of two additional lives per Bonus game. The icy Ho Ho Tower logo symbol – the Mystery symbol – will change into any other symbol showing on the reels, unwrapping additional chances to win. If no winning match is possible the symbol will not reveal itself. If the Mystery symbol reveals a Bonus symbol, this Mystery Bonus symbol will override all other Bonus symbols and trigger the Bonus game with two additional lives. Key Features Feature Value Lines 99 connecting paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 3 rows Hit frequency ~22.6% Name Ho Ho Tower Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Ho Ho Tower is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with 99 connecting win lines. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Keep the Spin button pressed to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically or use the Auto Spin button. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's preferred currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Ho Ho Tower is played in two modes, Normal mode with mystery symbols and Bonus mode with the Wheels of the sky bonus game. Mystery symbols reveal into one of the other symbols present on screen after the reels have stopped. A mystery symbol revealing into a bonus symbol overrides other bonus symbols and counts as 5 bonus symbols. This will trigger the Wheels of the sky bonus game with two extra lives. Mystery symbols that cannot generate any wins do not reveal. The bonus symbol is a scatter that appears on all reels. A combination of 3 bonus symbols triggers the Wheels of the sky bonus game. 4 Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with an extra life. 5 Bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with two extra lives. One extra life is spent to save the player when an empty bonus wheel section hits. It automatically starts a new spin of the wheel. Extra lives are brought to the next level of the bonus wheels as long as they haven't been used. The Wheels of the sky bonus game ends when an empty bonus wheel section hits, and no extra lives remain. The bonus wheel section with level up symbol triggers an immediate transition to the next of the bonus wheels. Payout is made at the end of the bonus game. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in the bonus game. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.4% The maximum win is 306,150 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 6/4/2020