Harlequin Wins RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 12.3 – HIGH GAME RULES All 5 reels are always in play. Scatter symbols award in any position on a played reel. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. BASE GAME Scatter symbols appearing in any position on the reels with a currency value awards a scatter pay. Low value scatter symbols may appear with the following values times the total bet: 0.2 0.4 1 Mid value scatter symbols may appear with the following values times the total bet: 2 4 10 High value scatter symbols may appear with the following values times the total bet: 20 100 200 Win the sum of the displayed currency values on all played reels. FREE GAMES When 3 or more scatter symbols appear in any position on the reels, before wins are awarded, all blanks will disappear, the remaining symbols tumble to the bottom of their reels, and 2 new symbols fall from above on each reel. Multiplier symbols can appear with the following multiplier values: x2 x3 x5 x10 Multiplier symbols appearing on any reel will multiply all currency values on scatter symbols on that reel by its multiplier value and then disappear. Multiplier appears only as a result of tumbles during the Racking Up Riches feature. Each time one or more new scatter symbols or multiplier symbol appear as a result of a tumble, and after any multiplier symbols have been resolved, all blank symbols disappear and the process repeats with new symbols falling from above on each reel. Each reel can contain a maximum of 8 symbols. If a reel contains 6 or fewer symbols after all blank symbols disappear, then 2 new symbols will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. If a reel contains 7 symbols after all blank symbols disappear, then only 1 new symbol will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. If a reel contains 8 symbols after all blank symbols disappear, then no new symbols will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. The first time no new scatter symbols or multiplier symbols appear as a result of a tumble, there is a random chance that all blank symbols will disappear and the process will repeat. If this random chance does not occur, or if no new scatter symbols or multiplier symbols appear as a result of a tumble for a second time, then tumbling ceases and the feature ends. Scatter wins are awarded only after all tumbling has ceased. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/11/2022