Hot Hot Blazing Lock Fire Pots PAYS The reel array is made up of 15 individual reels. The center position only contains WILD, A, K, Q, J, 10, and 9. Like symbols or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination but may create separate winning combinations. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 66. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. WILD WILD is WILD for all symbols except SCATTER and JACKPOT. WILD only appears on center reel. In addition, WILD also unlocks and awards all SCATTER and JACKPOTS landing in view when WILD lands in center position. WILD may also randomly award Free Spins when landing in the center position. WILD may add to one or both of the POT above the reels. When WILD adds to these pots, they may randomly trigger Free Spins. If 1 POT is triggered, the player is awarded 6 Free Spins. If 2 POT is triggered, the player is awarded 12 Free Spins. A monetary award of 0.5x, 1.0x, and 1.5x of the Total Bet appears on each COIN landed on reels. There are four JACKPOTS. Jackpot values are proportional to the Total Bet. SYMBOL REWIND On any wagered spin in the base game, when the center reel position lands on a symbol other than WILD then the center reel position may rewind and land on WILD, awarding all SCATTER JACKPOTS in view. In a base game spin, or Free Spin, with a WILD in the center position, one or more non-winning symbols may revert a random number of positions and award the player SCATTER and/or JACKPOT in the effected reel. One or both of the events above may occur on a given spin. FREE SPINS WILD landing in the center position of any wagered base game spin may trigger Free Spins. A single POT triggering awards the player 6 Free Spins, 2 POT triggering awards the player 12 Free Spins. WILD remains locked into center position during Free Spins. In Free Spins, WILD may randomly award the player 6 additional Free Spins for each POT triggered. All SCATTER or JACKPOTS landing in view are awarded on each spin. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the BASE GAME which triggered the feature. The awards and winning combinations in the Free Spins are same as the BASE GAME. The Free Spins feature ends when no free spins remain. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple paylines are added together. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to the payline wins. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/14/2023