Hi-Lo GAME INFO - HI-LO ABOUT THE GAME Hi-Lo is a game where the aim is to guess the next card! Once you press BET, the game begins. You will then be able to choose from four options to guess the value or color of the next card. FEATURES BET AND WIN Before placing your bet, you may skip the current card and receive a new card as many times as you like. Perhaps you have a lucky card you want to start with, or you always want to start with a King or an Ace? Whatever you prefer, Hi-Lo lets you play your way. Once you press BET the game will start with the card shown in the middle of the screen. You may keep playing until you collect your winnings, or until you lose. GUESS THE NEXT CARD You can choose from four available options to guess what the next card will be. As soon as you press one of the four buttons the next card will appear. If you guessed correctly, it will count as a win and the winning amount will be added to your collectable win amount. If you guess incorrectly, the game will end and you will lose all your winnings. Every new card is randomly picked from a new deck of cards, meaning that the same card can appear more than once per game and the odds of getting a certain card is not affected by the current or preceding cardsThe four options available to choose from are: Higher or same: Guess that the next card will be of a higher or equal value to the current card. King is the highest value card. Lower or same: Guess that the next card will be of a lower or equal value to the current card. Ace is the lowest value card. Red: Guess that the next card will be a red card. Black: Guess that the next card will be a black card. Under each option are two numbers: the left number shows the amount (as a multiple of your bet) that your collectable win amount will increase to if you guess correctly by choosing that option; the right number shows the odds (as a percentage) of this guess being correct based on the current card in play. During the game you may also skip the current card and receive a new card up to 5 times per round. Once you have skipped 5 cards, you must make a new choice from the four options above before you may skip again. COLLECT YOUR WIN For each correct guess, the win for that guess will be added to your collectable amount. At any point in the game, before making your next guess, you can choose to collect your win instead of continuing to play. Doing so awards you the full collected win amount and ends the current game. The collectable win amount is shown on the COLLECT button under the current card. WAYS TO WIN Place a bet to start the game. Make at least one correct guess by choosing one of the four options and then collect your winnings. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.20 and 100.00. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 8/14/2024