Hootie's Fortune RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 16 – MEDIUM GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. BASE GAME RULES Wilds are wild and substitutes for all symbols except Top Hats. Wilds appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. There are three multiplier meters, each corresponding to three symbols. Red Jar corresponds to Strawberries, Red Fox, and Red Owl. Blue Jar corresponds to Blueberries, Blue Elk, and Blue Owl. Purple Jar corresponds to Raspberries, Bears, and Purple Owl. All three multiplier meters start with a value of 1x. Line wins with Strawberries, Blueberries, or Raspberries contribute points equal to the number of winning symbols on that line to increasing the value of the corresponding multiplier meter. Wilds substituting as Strawberries, Blueberries, or Raspberries counts as that symbol for the purposes of contributing points. Every 33 points contributed to a multiplier meter increase the value of that meter by 1x. After all points have been contributed to the multiplier meters, all wins with Red Fox, Red Owl, Blue Owl, Blue Elk, Bears, or Purple Owls are multiplied by the value of the corresponding multiplier meter if the value of that meter is at least 2x. After all points have been contributed to the multiplier meters, all wins with Jackpots are multiplied by the sum of the values of the three multiplier meters. After all wins have been paid, if the value of a win was multiplied by the value of a multiplier meter, then that meter is reset to a value of 1x with 0 contributed points. All feature progress earned applies only at that total amount bet. Each Egg appearing on the reels is collected and will be applied to the next Free Games Bonus Name. Eggs appears only on reel 5. All Eggs collected apply only at that total amount bet. FREE GAMES BONUS RULES During the base game, 3 or more TOP HATS appearing in any position on the reels starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 TOP HATS awards 7 free games. 4 TOP HATS awards 12 free games. 5 TOP HATS awards 20 free games. TOP HATS are scatter symbols. Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols. Wild Symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. During the Free Games Bonus there are three multiplier meters, each corresponding to two symbols. Red Meter corresponds to Red Fox Coin and Red Owl. Blue Meter corresponds to Blue Elk Coin and Blue Owl. Purple Meter corresponds to Purple Bear coin and Purple Owl. At the start of the Free Games Bonus, all three multiplier meters are set to a value of 2x. Then, for each Egg collected during the base game, a random multiplier meter is increased by 1x and the number of Egg collected is reset to 0. At the start of each free game after the first, each multiplier meter has a random chance to increase by 1x. On each free game, all wins with Red Fox Coin, Red Owl, Blue Elk Coin, Blue Owl, Purple Bear Coin, Purple Owl are multiplied by the current value of the corresponding multiplier meter. On each free game, all wins with Jackpots are multiplied by the sum of the values of the three multiplier meters. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games.The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 5/24/2022