Hula Hula Nights How to Play Game Introduction This is a 5 reel game where the player can win Free Spins with cash multipliers. The reel has 10 win lines in the base game. 3 or more Scatter Symbols awards Free Spins. Green Reels may roll in on any spin, revealing a random award symbol. Base Game All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest win is paid for each line played. Wins that occur on all selected lines are added to the total win. The wild symbol substitutes for all apart from scatter symbols. Scatter wins are awarded for symbols appearing in any position on the reels for any number of played lines and paid in addition to line wins. Green Reels One or more Green Reels may roll on any spin, at any point. The Green Reels that land will then reveal one of the award symbols randomly. These symbols are considered for win evaluation. Free Spins Free Spins uses the same number of lines and award cards as the game that triggered it. The number of Free Spins awarded depends on the number of scatter symbols that land when triggering Free spins. 3 Scatter symbols will award 10 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols will award 15 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols will award 25 Free Spins The Scatter symbol is not present in FreeSpins During the Free Spins bonus, the Green Reels will display cash values when a Collect symbol appears in the view. The cash values displayed in the window will be accumulated. Multiple Collect symbols can appear in the reel window. The cash values are collected repeatedly foe each Collect symbol in view. If no Collect symbol is in view then the green reel backgrounds will reveal one of the award symbols randomly. Additional information can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. Big Bet A Big Bet game initially consists of 5 linked spins of the reels. All wins are accumulative and are paid at the end of the last spin. It is possible to trigger free spins during any Big Bet game There are additional spin benefits for each bet level Level 1: 20 Win Lines. Double height scatter symbols. Level 2: 20 Win Lines. Double height scatter symbols. Wild symbol also substitutes for scatter symbols. Level 3: 20 Win Lines. Double height scatter symbols. Wild symbol also substitutes for scatter symbols. Wild symbol also substitutes for Collect symbols. Select your stake: To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Press the SPIN Button to initiate the game. Win lines The game contains 10 win lines in the Base Game, and 20 win lines in the Big Bet Game. All line configurations are shown in the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. RETURN TO PLAYER When the total stake is less than 2.00, the expected return for this game is 94%. When the total stake is greater than or equal to 2.00, the expected return for this game is 96%. The expected return for the BIG BET game is 98%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021