Hot Slot: 777 Crown Xmas The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 20 fixed bet lines. The game has 7 regular symbols and a paid Scatter symbol. All wins are paid for combinations of the same symbol on active line, from leftmost to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER, which pays at any position on the reels. Each new game costs one stake. Only the highest win per line is paid. Wins for Scatters are added to active line wins. Only the highest win is paid for combinations with Scatter. Wins from different lines are added together. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.42% MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: [A] Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. [+ / - ][up arrow key / down arrow key] Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Levels™ Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. Last modification date: 11/25/2025