Hand of Anubis GAME INFO - HAND OF ANUBIS ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to the Afterlife! Hand of Anubis is a game with a 5x6 grid and cascading cluster wins. This Egypt-themed game has a potential max win of 10,000 times your bet and several different exciting mechanics in both the base game and the two bonus games! Soul Orbs The base game contains two different Soul Orbs; one red and one blue. On each new round,there is a chance of landing either one or both Soul Orbs, or neither. Both Soul Orbs are Wild symbols that absorb power from all cluster wins in a round, with stacking multipliers that are applied to any win the Soul Orbs are a part of. The multiplier on the red Soul Orb increases by 1x for each symbol in every cluster win, while the multiplier on the blue Soul Orb increases by 1x per winning cluster. The multiplier resets on every new round. If both Soul Orbs connect to a winning cluster the multipliers on the Soul Orbs multiply each other. BONUS FEATURES This game contains two bonus features triggered by landing the Free Spins scatter symbol in the base game. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols activates the Underworld bonus game. Landing 4 Free Spins symbols activates the Judgment bonus game. Underworld In this bonus feature all paying symbols from the base game appear together with a special green Soul Orb and a multiplier modifier symbol. This feature has multipliers below each reel. Multipliers are increased when winning clusters form, increasing by 1x for each winning symbol on the corresponding reels. The multipliers can also be multiplied by the multiplier modifier symbol. The possible values for the multiplier modifiers are: x2, x3, x4, x5 and x10. When the green Soul Orb symbol lands on a reel, the multiplier for that reel is activated. All activated multipliers are global. The value of all activated multipliers are added together and multiply the value of each winning cluster. Each time a multiplier is activated 3 additional spins are awarded. The maximum value per multiplier is 9999. Judgment 3 refilling spins In this bonus feature the symbols from the base game are replaced by special “block” symbols. This feature has multipliers above each reel. Multipliers are increased by landing Multiplier Modifier Blocks, which can be either adding or multiplying. There are Normal and Epic variants of both blocks, which affect either only the multiplier in the reel where they land, or all multipliers. Adding modifiers values can be Skull: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x and 100x Epic Skull: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x and 100x Multiplying modifiers values can be Anubis Skull: x2, x3, x4, x5 and x10 Epic Anubis Skull: x2, x3, x4, x5 and x10 When an ice block drops onto the grid, it will be crushed and a Multiplier Block will drop from the multiplier above the reel and fill the empty space. The value on each Multiplier Block is equal to the value of the reel multiplier where they drop. Multiplier Blocks fall to the bottom of the grid at the end of each drop, where they stick and stack on top of each other to gradually fill up the grid. There is also a special Crusher Block that falls through all other blocks to the bottom of the grid and destroys all Multiplier Blocks in its path to make room for new blocks to drop in. When the Crusher Block reaches the bottom of the grid, it transforms into a Multiplier Block with a value equal to the sum of all Multiplier Blocks that were destroyed by the Crusher Block. Every time a Multiplier Block, Multiplier Modifier Block or Crusher Block lands, the remaining spins reset to 3. When the bonus feature ends, the payout will equal the sum of all Multiplier Blocks times the bet level. 3 spins in a row without a Multiplier Block, Multiplier Modifier Block or Crusher Block ends the feature. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The blue and red Soul Orb symbols only appear in the base game and act as Wild symbols that substitute for any Low or High paying symbol. The green Soul Orb symbol only appears in the Underworld bonus game. The Free Spin symbol only appears in the base game. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 5 or more connecting symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 4/23/2025