Hypernova Megaways Hypernova Megaways is a MEGAWAYS TM slot game with up to 117,649 ways to win. Each win may bring you a chain of reactions of additional wins. The Jackpot Respin feature awards players with Jackpot prizes of stellar proportions to be won. And up to 42 Jackpot and Prizes to be revealed. The Theoretical Return to Player(RTP) is: 96.0951% Rules Wild WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on top reel only. Scatter 6 or more SCATTERS trigger the Jackpot Respins. Trophy Jackpots Each SCATTER awards a prize or jackpot in the Jackpot Respins. Jackpot Respins Jackpot Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear. 3 respins are awarded. All SCATTER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SCATTER symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Upon completion of respins, each SCATTER symbols award a prize or jackpot prize. Bronze and Silver jackpot prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. Platinum and Gold jackpot prizes may only be awarded once per feature. Platinum jackpot prize is 2000 x total bet. Gold jackpot prize is 250 x total bet. Silver jackpot prize is 50 x total bet. Bronze jackpot prize is 10 x total bet. Non-jackpot prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Jackpot prizes are not progressive. Jackpot Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. WILD symbols do not appear during Jackpot Respins. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Jackpot Respins. Megaways TM Each spin can have up to 117,649 Megaways TM to win. The top reel adds a symbols to the reel it is above the reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each reel alone or with the top reel can have up to 7 symbols. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size. Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Game Rules Each 20 credit bet plays up to 117,649 Megaways TM . Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet Non-jackpot prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. Malfunction voids all pays and plays How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn full screen mode On or Off - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Megaways TM Meter Shows number of potential ways to win based on current reels dynamic layout. Jackpot Meters Shows Jackpot amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. The Rubik's Cube makes a perfect gift for any occasion. Learn how to solve the cube on Ruwix Last modification date: 12/29/2021