Happily Ever After Happily Ever After About Happily Ever After is a slot game with a double ended bonus trail and Happy Return multipliers using the Happy Returns™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable). The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Happy Returns™ Multipliers A win threshold and win multiplier are selected on each spin. A line win over the win threshold will be increased by the Happy Return multiplier. Happy Return multipliers apply to line wins only. Happy Returns™ Bonus Trails Arrow symbols can land on the reels showing 4, 3, 2 or 1. The player is moved along the trail in the direction of the arrow by the number displayed. Multiple arrows landing on a single spin are added together. Reaching stages 8, 9 or 10 of either trail after all arrows have been dealt with awards a bonus. Reaching stage 4 on a trail awards a trail boost to move you further along the trail. Happily Ever After Free Spins Ending a spin on stage 10 of a trail awards 10 Happily Ever After Free Spins. In Happily Ever After Free Spins all spins are increased by a Happy return multiplier. Additional spins can be awarded by moving along the trails. Arrows move along the left and right trails independently without moving backwards. Big Red's Wolf Hunt Ending a spin on stage 9 of the left trail awards Big Red's Wolf Hunt Bonus. Select squares to move around the forest and find coins to reveal cash prizes. The cumulative total of all cash found is awarded at the end of the bonus. Continue to select squares until one of the following is revealed: Grandma's Cottage - reveals a multiplier that is applied to the total win and ends the game. Big Bad Wolf - ends the game. Rapunzel's Cash Climb Ending a spin on stage 8 of the left trail awards the Cash Climb Bonus. Starting on the lowest level the player selects blocks to reveal cash, multipliers or arrows. Cash - adds the revealed amount to the win. Multiplier - the total win at the point it is revealed is multiplied by the value. Arrow - moves the player up to the next level on the tower. Each level of the tower is more valuable with players continuing to select blocks on each level until an arrow is found. The game continues until the player reaches the top of the tower. Hansel And Gretel's Witch Hunt Ending a spin on stage 9 of the right trail awards the Witch Hunt Bonus. Select squares to move around and find coins to reveal cash prizes. The cumulative total of all cash found is awarded at the end of the bonus. Continue to select squares until one of the following is revealed: Candy Cottage - reveals a multiplier that is applied to the total win and ends the game. Witch - ends the game. Snow White's Magic Mirror Ending a spin on stage 8 of the right trail awards the Magic Mirror Bonus. Starting on the lowest level the player selects mirrors to reveal cash, multipliers or arrows. Cash - adds the revealed amount to the win. Multiplier - the total win at the point it is revealed is multiplied by the value. Arrow - moves the player up to the next level. Each level is more valuable with players continuing to select mirrors on each level until an arrow is found. The game continues until the player reaches the top level and selects an arrow. Rules Only the highest win per line is paid. Wins on distinct lines are added. All line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right only. Wins are multiplied by the current base stake. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for bonus. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is {{game_rtp}}% {{#buy_bonus_enabled}} Buy bonus return to player 94.00% (availability depends on jurisdiction) {{/buy_bonus_enabled}} Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour/hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries, TM and (C) 2024 Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 5/14/2025