Hot Joker 4 Ways 1 Introduction Hot Joker 4-Ways is a 4 Reel Set, 6x4, 50 win line slot featuring Free Spins and Super Free Spins. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 and 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 50 win lines on 4 sets of reels. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. The wild symbol appears on all reels, in the base game and in both types of free spins 4 Features 4.1 Free Spins and Super Free Spins Landing 3 or more bonus scatters in view on a reel set triggers the Free Spins bonus. 3 Scatters award 10 Spins 4 Scatters award 20 Spins 5 Scatters award 30 Spins 6 Scatters award 40 Spins Landing 3 or more scatters on more than one reel set automatically awards Super Free Spins. Otherwise, a pick me feature is presented where the two possible outcomes are “Free Spins” and “Super Free Spins”. The player selects an option and it is revealed. If the outcome is Free Spins, the bonus is played on 1 reel set. If the outcome is Super Free Spins, the bonus is played on all four reel sets, and full stacks of wilds transfer to any subsequent reel sets. 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 95% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/18/2022