Heidi and Hannah's Bierhaus Wild Reels is WILD for and .Every spin 1-6 reels may be filled with , which is WILD. Base Game Only these symbols appear on Reel 6 These symbols only appear on Reel 4 This symbol only appears on Reels 3, 4 and 6 Free Spins 5 or more of the following scattered symbols on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel, trigger the Free Spins Bonus . The scatter symbol still counts towards the Free Spin Bonus even if the symbol is only partially visible on the reels. If participates in the bonus trigger combination, then 2 spins of the wheel are awarded and the following symbols that also participated in the bonus trigger combination are upgraded. and upgrade to and upgrade to For each that participates in the bonus trigger combination, 3 additional free spins are awarded. If or participate in the bonus trigger combination, the Wheel is triggered and 1 spin is awarded. If participates in the bonus trigger combination, the Wheel is triggered and 2 spins are awarded. will award the corresponding jackpot and 1additional wheel spin. will award 3 Hans Spins. will award 5 - 10 additional Free Spins. The number of Hans Spins cannot exceed the number of free spins. For Wheel spins triggered by , then is replaced with . Each jackpot level can only be awarded once per Wheel trigger.1 of the first 3 spins is guaranteed to have at least 1 . Each and that participates in the bonus trigger combination isreplaced with . locks into that position and remains locked for the entire bonus. Each that participates in the bonus trigger combination is replaced with . locks into that position and remains locked for the entire bonus. During each spin, for each on screen, one is added to a random reel position.While there are awarded Hans Spins remaining, they may be played on any random free spin. When Hans Spins are played, up to 10 are randomly added covering any reel position except thosecovered by locked or floating wilds. If any bonus symbol lands behind any Wild symbol, the bonus symbol is still counted towards any potential bonus trigger are WILD for .An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus.Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game.During Free Spins and do not appear, and only appear on reel 3.The Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 50x bet multiplier. Any Free Spins bonus ending with less than 50x is automatically increased to 50x bet multiplier at the end of the bonus. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered by the same method as the initial trigger, although not all bonus symbols are available during free spins. There is no limit to the number of times the Bonus can be retriggered. The feature will end when there are no free spins remaining. Legal Notice Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The expected return for this game is 96.15%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/4/2020