Invaders Megaways WILD SYMBOLS WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except the BONUS symbols, apart from during the LOGO modifier where it can be replaced by the expanded symbol. BONUS SYMBOLS Land 4 or more BONUS symbols to trigger the Free Spins feature with up to 15 free spins. Land 3 or more BONUS symbols during Free Spins feature to be awarded more spins. MEGAWAYS Symbols can appear in different sizes. At the end of every spin, the number of ways for the spin is displayed. In the base game each reel can show between 2 and 10 symbols. In free spins each reel can show between 2 and 10 symbols. When there are one or more winning combinations, the winning symbols will explode, and the new symbols will take their place Wins are calculated before the winning symbols explode Any new winning combinations will be evaluated once the new symbols fill into the reels. The total amount for the spin is awarded when no more cascades occur. UFO WILD SELECTOR During the base game a random paying symbol will be selected by the UFO and all instances of that symbol in reels 2 to 5 will act as a wild symbol for the entire spin. During The Mythical Unicow feature and Free Spins, the UFO will convert all instances of a random paying symbol to a wild symbol on all reels. THE MYTHICAL UNICOW On any base game spin there is a chance that the Unicow will appear, causing all reels to show between 7 and 10 symbols. (Between 117,649 and 1,000,000 ways) FREE SPINS The feature is triggered by landing 4+ BONUS symbols and retriggered by 3+ BONUS symbols. The number of spins awarded is as follows. 3 BONUS symbols awards 4 spins (retrigger only). 4 BONUS symbols awards 7 spins. 5 BONUS symbols awards 10 spins. 6+ BONUS symbols awards 15 spins. During the free spins a random picture symbol will be selected to act as a wild symbol for the entire spin. Depending on the chosen wild, one of the follow modifiers play out. WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except the BONUS symbols, apart from during the LOGO modifier where it can be replaced by the expanded symbol. LOGO - All LOGO symbols expand to fill reel. The expanded symbol acts as multiple smaller symbols (defined by its number) when calculating winning ways. SCIENTIST - All SCIENTIST symbols become WILD and until the end of the spin the win multiplier doubles every cascade (starting at 2 and capped at 256). ALIEN - Each ALIEN symbol increases reel height for it’s reel and each adjacent reel increasing the number of ways (upto 1,000,000 ways). COW - All COW symbols become 2x wild. Each 2x wild is considered 2 wild symbols for the purpose of calculating winning ways. RAY GUN - 1 Wild added randomly to the reels for each RAY GUN symbol. RAY GUN symbols which cascade into view do not cause more wilds to be added. During the SCIENTIST, COW and RAY GUN modifiers in Free Spins, the randomly selected picture symbol will appear as below once converted. Free Spins are played automatically. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the spin which triggered the feature. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end if the maximum win has been achieved. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 96.30%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2006, 2021 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 10/22/2021