Ice Wolf Game Description Ice Wolf is a traditional slot with modern features designed for Mobile First. Starting oﬀ at 6 reels and 3 rows, each consecutive win continues the expansion up to the maximum 7 rows. And not only that, reaching the top reel section could award additional spins, wilds and up to 50x multiplier on every win! The reels are divided into three sections; top, middle and bottom. The top and middle sections come into play once their ice is cleared away. A payline of three symbols is enough to start the ice shattering on the middle reel section bringing additional reel positions into play, and awards a respin. The more symbols included in the win combination, the more symbols will be cleared from ice on the reel sections above. Of course, the uncovered symbols contribute to the total win. Shattering the ice all the way to the top, brings the valuable top section on the 7th row into play. These reels might be sparse but they are only filled with goodies such as wilds, additional spin symbols and multipliers, which multiply the wins up to 50 times! Multipliers and wilds are sticky throughout the whole game round once they hit on the top reel section. Active multipliers are additive and multiply the win regardless of which column they are in. The +1 Spin symbols remain sticky until they are used to prolong the respin sequence, increasing the chance for additional wins and by that further expansions. An Ice Wolf may appear in any spin. It triggers the whole Wolfpack to run towards the north. Shards of ice fly in every direction as the dreaded predators cross the spinning reel and leave a trail of wilds behind. The Wolfpack clears the whole column from ice and ensures it is fully in play as the reels stop. This ensures that the top reel is guaranteed to be brought into play. The Ice Wolf always awards a respin in case it would appear in a non- winning spin. Getting all reel sections into play brings the ways to win all the way up to 74 088, which considerably increases the chance to win the maximum 250 000 coins. Key Features Value Value Lines All ways (729 to 74,088) Reels 6 reels Rows 3 rows (up to 7) Hit frequency 18.25% Name Ice Wolf Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Ice Wolf is a 6 column, 3 rows slot with up to 729 ways to win. Two additional sections of reels, one of 6x3 (middle) and one of 6x1 (top) may come into play bringing it up to a total of 7 rows and 74,088 ways to win. The game oﬀers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Ice Wolf is played in two modes; Normal mode and Respin mode. All spins in Normal mode starts with only the bottom reel section with 6 columns, 3 rows and 729 ways to win. A winning combination in Normal mode triggers Respin mode and the removal of ice upwards. The number of symbols per column, included in the winning combination, corresponds to the number of symbols cleared from ice in respective column, up to the maximum of 7 rows per column. The removal of ice may create additional winning combinations but they do not trigger further removal of ice. Payout occurs after the removal of ice and wins award one respin. Respin mode ends when there are no new respins awarded (from new winning combinations, new Ice Wolves, or sticky +1 Spin symbols) or when the maximum win has been reached. An Ice Wolf symbol is only in play when it is not covered by ice. It takes action after the payout and clears away all the ice along its column and leaves a trail of wilds behind, from its position up to the top of the middle reel section. Removal of ice and trails of wilds triggered by Ice Wolves are performed on spinning reels. One respin is awarded in case the Ice Wolf (or several Ice Wolves) landed in a non- winning spin. The top reel section contains multiplier symbols (x2, x3, x5, x10 and x50), +1 Spin symbols and wild symbols. All the reels in the top section spin individually in every spin until they stop on a multiplier, a wild or a +1 Spin symbol. The landed symbol stays sticky throughout potential respins but it is only activated once its ice is cleared away. A +1 Spin symbol which is free from ice comes into play on a spin without any new winning combinations or Ice Wolf symbols. It awards an additional respin and spins away in that respin. The symbols are used from left to right in case there are more than one active +1 Spin symbols. Active multipliers in the top reel section are additive and are applied on all wins no matter where they appear. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Ice Wolf symbol, multiplier symbols and the +1 Spin symbol. Winnings are paid out at the end of the respins. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Respin mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Ice Wolf is 96.1% The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 11/5/2019