I Luv Suits Overview The game is played with a standard deck of cards, excluding jokers, which is reshuffled between each game. The player and house each receive 7 cards. The player's best flush hand competes against the house's best flush hand. How To Play Betting Phase Place a bet on the ANTE bet area. 2 optional side bets, Flush Rush and Super Flush Rush, may also be placed at this time. Dealing Phase After all bets have been placed, the cards are dealt. The player receives 7 cards face up and the house receives 7 cards face down. Play Phase The player has the choice of whether to make a PLAY bet or FOLD. If the Player chooses to FOLD, the game round will end and the ANTE bet will be forfeited. The Player cannot fold on a guaranteed win. The maximum amount the player can PLAY bet is determined by the rank of the player's hand. If the player has a 2, 3 or 4 card flush, the maximum PLAY bet is equal to 1x the ANTE bet. If the player has a 5 card flush, the maximum PLAY bet is equal to 2x the ANTE bet. If the player has a 6 or 7 card flush, the maximum PLAY bet is equal to 3x the ANTE bet. If the player makes a PLAY bet, then the house's cards are revealed. Hand Evaluation The player's and the house's best flush is compared. The house must have at least a 3 card flush, 9 high to qualify. When the house does not qualify, the ANTE bet wins and the PLAY bet is pushed. When the house qualifies, if the player beats the house, the ANTE and PLAY bets are paid even money. If the house beats the player then the player loses the ANTE and PLAY bets. n the case of a tie, then the ANTE and PLAY bets are pushed. Side Bets Flush Rush This bet pays out based on the player's longest flush. This bet is evaluated whether the player makes the PLAY bet or FOLDs. The FLUSH RUSH bet is paid according to the paytable as seen in the payout section. Super Flush Rush This bet pays out based on the player's longest straight flush. This bet is evaluated whether the player makes the PLAY bet or FOLDs. The SUPER FLUSH RUSH bet is paid according to the paytable as seen in the payout section. Rankings Only qualifying hands may be ranked. The first ranking criteria is the greatest number of cards in any one suit. This is referred to as the maximum flush. For instance, any hand with a maximum four-card flush beats any hand with a maximum three-card flush, but loses to any hand with a maximum five-card flush. The second ranking criteria is the standard poker-rankings for flushes. For instance, a hand with a maximum four-card flush of K-Q-J-T would beat a hand with a maximum four-card flush of K-Q-J-9, but lose to a hand with a maximum four-card flush of A-4-3-2. Payouts Outcome Flush Rush Super Flush Rush 7 card 300:1 8000:1 6 card 75:1 1000:1 5 card 5:1 100:1 4 card 2:1 60:1 3 card - 7:1 PUSH When a bet is “pushed”, it is returned to the Player with no additional winnings. The theoretical return to player of this game is 98.41% Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 6/24/2021