Interstellar Attack RTP 90.0% - 97.2% (SPIN-CREASE) VOLATILITY: MEDIUM GAME RULES All 6 reels are always in play. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Stopping the spin animation using the spin or stop button will have no effect upon the outcome of the game. BASE GAME RULES This game is played on 6 reels, which each run horizontally across the screen. The reels are positioned in vertical ascending order from the bottom to the top, with reel 1 at the bottom and reel 6 at the top. Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, and Mega Shot Ship appear only on reel 1. Asteroid and Double Asteroid appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Pink Aliens appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Green Aliens appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. Purple Aliens and Orange Aliens appear only on reels 3, 4, 5, and 6. Any Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quadruple Shot Ship landing on reel 1 will fire 1, 2, or 4 shots, respectively. Shots are fired one at a time. Each shot travels upwards along that column across reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 until it reaches a Asteroid, Double Asteroid, Pink Aliens, Green Aliens, Purple Aliens, Orange Aliens, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines, or travels past reel 6. An Asteroid hit by a shot is destroyed and awards either a Red Cube or Green Cube. A Double Asteroid hit by a shot is transformed into a Asteroid and awards either a Red Cube or Green Cube. A Pink Aliens, Green Aliens, Purple Aliens, or Orange Aliens hit by a shot is destroyed and awards the value appearing on that symbol. Any Mega Shot Ship landing on reel 1 will destroy all Asteroid, Pink Aliens, Green Aliens, Purple Aliens, Orange Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that column as if they had been hit by a shot and all Double Asteroid on that column as if they had been hit by two shots. All symbols destroyed by Mega Shot Ship grant their corresponding awards. Each Red Cube awarded is collected and carries over from bet to bet. If 10 or more Red Cube have been collected then at the start of the next bet the number of collected Red Cube is reduced by 10 and two random power up symbols are placed on the reels. This process repeats as long as there are still 10 or more collected Red Cube. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines are power up symbols that may be randomly placed on the reels as a result of collecting 10 or more Red Cube. Each Multiplier Power Up placed appears with a random multiplier value between 2x and 10x. Each Triple Shot Power Up and Multiplier Power Up is placed in a random position on reel 1. Each Horizontal Mines is placed in a random position on the middle 3 columns on reels 3, 4, or 5. Each 3x3 Mines is placed in a random position on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines may not be placed in a position already occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines appear only as a result of collecting 10 or more Red Cube. A Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up placed in any position remains in that position until a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship lands in that position. A Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines placed in any position remains in that position until destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship. Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship may land on a position occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up. Nothing may land on a position occupied by Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines Any Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quadruple Shot Ship landing on a Triple Shot Power Up will fire shots on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Mega Shot Ship landing on Triple Shot Power Up will destroy symbols on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship landing on a Multiplier Power Up will apply that multiplier value to the value of all awards resulting from that Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship. Any Horizontal Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship will also destroy all Asteroid Double Asteroid, Pink Aliens, Green Aliens, Purple Aliens, Orange Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines in adjacent positions, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship and grant any corresponding awards or effects. Any 3x3 Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship will also destroy all Asteroid Double Asteroid, Pink Aliens, Green Aliens, Purple Aliens, Orange Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that reel, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship and grant any corresponding awards or effects. All Red Cube collected and Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines placed apply only at that total amount bet FREE GAMES BONUS RULES At the start of each base game spin, if no Alien Scout Ship is above columns 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, then an Alien Scout Ship may randomly appear above column 1 or 5. On each subsequent base game spin an Alien Scout Ship that appeared above column 1 will move one column to the right, and disappear after moving off column 5. On each subsequent base game spin an Alien Scout Ship that appeared above column 5 will move one column to the left, and disappear after moving off column 1. During the base game, a shot fired by Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quad Shot Ship that passes reel 6 on a column with Alien Scout Ship above it destroys that Alien Scout Ship and starts the Free Games Bonus. During the base game, a Mega Shot Ship appearing on a column with Alien Scout Ship above it destroys that Alien Scout Ship and starts the Free Games Bonus. During the base game, a Mega Shot Ship appearing on a position with a MultiShot Power Up on a column adjacent to a column with Alien Scout Ship above it destroys that Alien Scout Ship and starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 10 free games. Alien Scout Ships do not appear on the reels. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on 6 reels, which each run horizontally across the screen. The reels are positioned in vertical ascending order from the bottom to the top, with reel 1 at the bottom and reel 6 at the top. Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, and Mega Shot Ship appear only on reel 1. Pink Aliens and Green Aliens appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. Purple Aliens appears only on reels 4, 5, and 6. Orange Aliens appears only on reels 5 and 6. Any Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quadruple Shot Ship landing on reel 1 will fire 1, 2, or 4 shots, respectively. Shots are fired one at a time. Each shot travels upwards along that column across reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 until it reaches Aliens, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines, or travels past reel 6. An Asteroid or Alien hit by a shot is destroyed and awards the value appearing on that symbol. Any Mega Shot Ship landing on reel 1 will destroy all Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that column as if they had been hit by a shot. All symbols destroyed by Mega Shot Ship grant their corresponding awards. The Free Games Bonus starts with no power up symbols on the reels. At the start of every odd numbered free game one random power up symbol is placed on the reels. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines are power up symbols that may be randomly placed on the reels on odd numbered free games. Each Multiplier Power Up placed appears with a random multiplier value between 2x and 10x. Each Triple Shot Power Up and Multiplier Power Up is placed in a random position on reel 1. Each Horizontal Mines is placed in a random position on the middle 3 columns on reels 3, 4, or 5. Each 3x3 Mines is placed in a random position on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines may not be placed in a position already occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines.; Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines appear only as a result of being randomly placed on the reels on odd numbered free games. A Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up placed in any position remains in that position until a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship lands in that position. A Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines placed in any position remains in that position until destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship. Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship may land on a position occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up. Nothing may land on a position occupied by Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines Any Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quadruple Shot Ship landing on a Triple Shot Power Up will fire shots on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Mega Shot Ship landing on Triple Shot Power Up will destroy symbols on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship landing on a Multiplier Power Up will apply that multiplier value to the value of all awards resulting from that Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship. Any Horizontal Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship will also destroy all Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines in adjacent positions, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship and grant any corresponding awards or effects. Any 3x3 Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship will also destroy all Pink Aliens, Green Aliens, Purple Aliens, Orange Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that reel, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, Quadruple Shot Ship, or Mega Shot Ship and grant any corresponding awards or effects. A shot fired by Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quadruple Shot Ship that passes reel 6 awards an additional free game, up to a maximum of 10 free games remaining. A Mega Shot Ship landing on any column awards an additional free game, up to a maximum of 10 free games remaining. The Free Games Bonus is played on a series of up to 6 bonus levels. The Free Games Bonus starts at bonus level 1. At the start of bonus level 1 an Alien Scout Ship is placed above column 3. At the start of bonus level 2 an Alien Scout Ship is placed above columns 2 and 4. At the start of bonus level 3 an Alien Scout Ship is placed above columns 1, 3, and 5. At the start of bonus level 4 an Alien Scout Ship is placed above columns 1, 2, 4, and 5. At the start of bonus level 5 an Alien Scout Ship is placed above columns 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. At the start of bonus level 6 an Alien Scout Ship is placed above columns 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. A shot fired by Single Shot Ship, Double Shot Ship, or Quadruple Shot Ship that passes reel 6 on a column with an Alien Scout Ship will destroy that symbol. A Quadruple Shot Ship landing on a column an Alien Shot Ship will destroy that symbol. Once all Alien Scout Ships have been destroyed, after all shots have been fired for the current free game, the current bonus level is completed and the Free Games Bonus advances to the next bonus level. Completing bonus level 1 awards 10 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 2 awards 20 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 3 awards 50 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 4 awards 250 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 5 awards 2500 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 6 awards 25000 times the total amount bet. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when bonus level 6 is completed. Last modification date: 5/25/2022