Ithaca's Gold Ithaca’s Gold is a Bet 40, 243 Ways 3x5 Reel slot game with a Respin feature and Free Games with Picking Feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.09% with any bet. Game Rules Free Games with Picking Feature 3, 4, or 5 Bonus symbol triggers Free Games with Picking Feature. 5 Free Games are initially awarded. A pick screen is displayed with 5 islands that may reveal a Free Game modifier or a Free Games Start. Free Game modifiers may increment the total win multiplier by 1, remove a royal symbol, or add a Free Game to the total Free Games awarded. A maximum total win multiplier of 5x may be awarded. The maximum total Free Games which can be awarded is 10: 5 games initially awarded, and 5 awarded from picking. Royal symbols, when removed from Free Games during Picking Bonus, will be removed in this order: 10, J, Q, K, A. If a selected island reveals any Free Game modifier, the pick screen will reset with 5 new islands displayed. The Picking Feature will continue until a Free Games Start is selected. Once the Picking Feature is complete, Free Games will commence with Free Game modifiers determined by the Picking Feature. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Jackpot Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot prizes. Jackpot prizes are available in Respins only. Jackpot prizes may be won more than once in every Respins. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to instantly trigger the Bonus. Bonus Buy presents 1 option for the player: “Guarantees Free Games with Picking Feature”. The cost of the "Guarantees Free Games with Picking Feature" option is displayed above the respective button. Selecting "Guarantees Free Games with Picking Feature" purchases that Bonus for the amount indicated. Respins cannot be triggered from the Bonus Buy. The Bonus Feature is played at the current Bet Multiplier. Bonus Buy is available in selected jurisdictions. Rules Play bet 40 for 243 ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by bet multiplier. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except SCATTERS which pays any. Wild substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERS. Wild appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Wild appears in Base Game and Free Games only. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Respins: Displays the number of respins left to play. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. Free Game Royals Removed: Displays the Royal symbols removed in Free Games. Free Game Win Multiplier: Displays the total win multiplier in Free Games. Last modification date: 1/15/2025