Justice Machine The Justice Machine slot is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game. The Justice Machine slot features special symbols, Wild symbols, Free Spins and one Bonus. The number of awarded Free Spins is always 10. You play a fixed 30 lines per spin (1 coin per line), with the total bet value being shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select the new bet value using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to coins, but bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line wins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Except in the case of activated features, only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and the STOP button to stop it at any time). JUSTICE MACHINE FEATURES Each Justice Machine Hero possesses special powers which rewards players when that hero's symbol appears on an activated reel. Features can only be triggered from activated reels. Only one reel can activate at a time. Activated reels by themselves do not guarantee prizes. Only the top hero on the activated reel will trigger the special feature. Talisman When a Talisman symbol appears on an activated reel, it awards a random cash bonus prize proportional to the stake. Blazer A Blazer symbol on an activated reel turns enemy symbols into cash prizes. Once destroyed these enemy symbols will not count towards win lines. Chain A Chain symbol on an activated reel turns enemy symbols into cash prizes. Once destroyed these enemy symbols will not count toward win lines. Demon When a Demon symbol appears on an activated reel, it awards a one reel re-spin with a guaranteed win, referred to as a winspin. (Reels will not activate during respins) Bonus, Diviner When a Bonus symbol appears on an activated reel this triggers the Justice Machine bonus game. This unique bonus round puts players in a fight scene where heroes use their abilities to destroy four enemies. Each time you select a Hero they will reward you with a multiplier. The multipliers are all collected and summed. When all the villains are defeated your initial stake will be multiplied by the total multiplier to generate the bonus payout. Challenger When a Challenger symbol appears on an activated reel, 10 Free Spins are awarded. No reels will activate during free spins Wild, Titan Titan acts as a wild but when his special power is activated, he expands to fill the whole reel, but retains his wild properties. This allows him to complete all non-special symbols combinations. BONUS GAME When the bonus game is triggered, all Justice Machine Team Heroes are displayed on the bonus screen and are available for selection. Choose the order in which they fight or stick with your favourite. During the bonus game, you will be awarded special multipliers that will be applied to your initial stake and paid out as winnings. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced Autoplay options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. Stop on win of. Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. Stop if cash increases by. Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. Stop if cash decreases by. Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to the default settings when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Settings Options To access Game Settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Settings page Sound effects. Turns sound effect on or off. Background music. Turns background music on or off. Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.10%. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020