Jin Ji Bao Xi Megaways Payouts Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. Payouts reflect the current bet configuration. Special Symbols WILD substitutes for all symbols except for COIN. WILD appears on all reels except for reel 1 and 6. COIN is a Scatter symbol and appears on all reels. Land 4 or more COIN symbols to trigger the Free Spins Picker Feature. COIN symbols do not appear on the bottom reel. Megaways™ Each spin can have up to 117,649 Megaways to win. Symbols can appear at different sizes. At the end of each spin, the number of ways for the spin is displayed. Game Play The game consists of 6 main reels. Reels 1 and 6 can show between 2 and 7 symbols per spin. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can show between 2 and 6 symbols per spin. There is an additional "bottom reel" which consists of 4 rows, and spins horizontally. The bottom reel will contribute to winning combinations on the main reel set by action as an extra row for reels 2-5. Free Spins Picker Feature Land 4 or more COIN symbols in base game to trigger the Free Spins Picker Feature. Each Free Spin mode uses the Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten, Nine, WILD and COIN symbols, and one other symbol depending on which mode was selected. Free Spins Picker Feature Koi Free Spins awards 12 Free Spins with 18 Koi symbols on each reel. Turtle Free Spins awards 10 Free Spins with 20 Turtle symbols on each reel. Tiger Free Spins awards 8 Free Spins with 22 Tiger symbols on each reel. Phoenix Free Spins awards 6 Free Spins with 24 Phoenix symbols on each reel. Dragon Free Spins awards 4 Free Spins with 26 Dragon symbols on each reel. Random Choice, will award a random combination of spins and symbol. The COIN multiplier starts with 5x when the free spins begin. When one or more COIN symbol lands on the reels, the COIN symbol pays its current value and then the COIN multiplier increments by 1. The COIN multiplier can increment up to 12x The COIN symbol pays COIN multiplier x total bet. COIN wins are added to the total wins. Land 3 or more COIN symbols during the Free Spins Picker Feature to be awarded 3 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played automatically once the Free Spins mode has been selected and the player begins the feature. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the game which triggered the feature. The feature ends when there are no Free Spins remaining. The feature can also end if the Maximum win is achieved. Jin Ji Bao Xi™ Feature - Jackpots There are four Jackpots: Grand, Major, Minor and Mini. Buy Pass™ The BUY PASS feature allows direct access to the 'Free Spin Feature'. The cost of the BUY PASS feature is equal to 56x your current bet level. The 'Free Spin Feature' is played at the select bet level when BUY PASS was triggered. No trigger win is awarded when the 'Free Spin Feature' is triggered via BUY PASS. Refer to RULES for more details. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 96.06%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/17/2021