Jaguar Gems Getting started: Jaguar Gems is a 20 line, 5x3 reel slot game. There is a bonus re-spin, Fortune Bet and a random chance to switch game modes. How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the bonus re-spin. Set your bet Jaguar Gems has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the 'Fortune Bet' button to double the height of the bonus symbol and increase the current bet by 50%. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. During the main game: All wins pay left to right. During the bonus: All wins pay adjacently on a winline. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus Re-spin The bonus re-spin is awarded when one or more bonus symbols land in view on reel 1, 3 or 5. At the start of the bonus re-spin, the background and reels will change colour. The reels will then begin to re-spin and the bonus wild symbol will expand to fill the reel(s). After two subsequent non-winning bonus re-spins, the next bonus re-spin awarded offers a choice of an additional wild reel. Any queued bonus re-spins are independently connected to each stake and cannot be transferred to any other stake. Should the next bonus re-spin be triggered via 3 bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5, the choice to place an additional wild reel is carried over to the next bonus that is awarded. Game Mode Switch Every spin has a chance of switching the game mode. When the reels and jaguar's eyes are yellow, reel wins are more frequent and the chance of triggering the bonus is decreased. When the reels and jaguar's eyes are red, reel wins are less frequent and the chance of triggering the bonus is increased. Wilds The bonus symbol is also wild. Any bonus wild symbol landing in view during the reel game will substitute for all symbols. Wilds expand to fill the reel at the start of the bonus re-spin. Fortune Bet Selecting the Fortune Bet button doubles the height of the bonus symbol and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable Fortune Bet. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Auto Play: Using AUTOPLAY Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines are added to determine the total win on a given spin. The RTP for both the normal bet and Fortune Bet is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 12/6/2017