Jagr's Super Slot 1 Introduction Jagr’s Super Slot is a 6x4 slot game with 4096 ways to win, featuring pick your Free Spins bonus Bonus Buy and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 4096 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus, +freespins, +multiplier & power play. 4 Features 4.1 68 Wilds At random during the game Jagr can skate off screen and return delivering a 68 wilds spin. Jagr will hit pucks at the reels this can transform them into x6, 8x or wild symbols. 4.2 Jagr Bomb At random during the game Jagr can skate off screen and return delivering a JAGR BOMB spin. Jagr will hit pucks at the reels this can transform the reel into a wild symbol. If Jagr hits the same reel more than once it will add a multiplier to the reel. 4.3 Bonus Chance At random during the game Jagr can skate off screen and return delivering a Bonus Chance spin. This adds extra bonus symbols to the reels, increasing the chance of winning the bonus. 4.4 Free Spins During the base game 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view awards the bonus The scatter win is added to any coincidental ways wins. When free spins are awarded the player is presented with a selection between two bonus games Lover or Fighter. Free spins base prizes are the same as the trigger bet 4.5 Lover Free Spins 3 bonus symbols awards a lover bonus with 8 free spins 4 bonus symbols awards a lover bonus with 12 free spins 5 bonus symbols awards a lover bonus with 15 free spins 6 bonus symbols awards a lover bonus with 20 free spins During the lover bonus one or more x6 or 8x wilds will land in view on every spin. 4.6 Fighter Free Spins All fighter bonuses begins with 1 free spin, a 1x Multiplier and a power play with 3 lives. During power play additional symbols can land in view with values of 1, 2, 3 & 5 to a maximum multiplier of 110 with at least 3 free spins. Positions where bonus symbols landed will always land a value in the first spin. Once a free spins or multiplier symbol lands it locks in, adds value displayed to the current total and lives are reset. If no new symbols land in view a life is lost. Once all lives are lost the player enters free spins with accumulated multipliers and free spins. All wins are multiplied by the current multiplier during fighter free spins. If the power play symbol lands in view during the Fighter Bonus, 1 free spin and re-entry to power play is awarded 4.7 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the bonus feature. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 scatter symbols to land in view. Bonus Buy is purchased for 100x the current stake. Feature awards are determined by the current stake. 4.8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the Normal Game is 95.91%. The expected payback for the Bonus Buy game is 96.06%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/14/2021