Jelly Reels Xmas The game has 8 reels, 8 rows and 16,777,216 ways to win. Wins are paid for combinations of 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8 identical symbols from leftmost to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per way is paid. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Bonus symbol awards prizes ranging from x1-x5 player’s bet. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. After getting a winning combination, the winning symbols disappear, allowing new symbols to fall into their place and create new winning combinations. Drawing 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols in the base game triggers a paid spin with the Bonus symbols blocked on the reels, increasing the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. SPECIAL FEATURES Mega Symbols In the base game, all symbols except for Bonus symbols may appear as Mega symbols. The Mega symbol is a block of 2x2 or 3x3 symbols of a kind and can appear anywhere on the reels. Mega symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reels land and only the visible part of the symbol pays a win. Hold the Jackpot Bonus A draw of at least 6 Bonus symbols during the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stay on the reels. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played on 40 independent reels separated into the upper reels and lower reels. Upper reels consist of 8 big reels. Only Special Bonus symbols can be drawn on these reels. The upper reels are locked. In order to unlock them, four Bonus symbols have to be drawn in the corresponding positions of the bottom reels. Special Bonus symbols include: Silver Coin, MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols, as well as the MYSTERY symbol. Silver Coin accumulates all values from Golden Coins and Silver Coins drawn on the reels under it and multiplies them randomly by 1-5x. Prizes for the MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols are paid according to the paytable. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol. Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the bonus game. Lower reels consist of 32 reels. Only standard Bonus symbols and Snake symbols can be drawn on these reels. Snake symbol moves towards the Golden Coin symbol of the highest value and adds Golden Coins with a 1x multiplier to the reels. If the Snake symbol moves through a reel position already occupied by a Golden Coin symbol, it doubles its value. The Snake symbol can move in all directions, but only on the lower reels. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus round. Every time any Bonus symbol is drawn, it resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus ends when all respins are finished or all 40 reels (upper and lower) are filled with Bonus symbols. When Hold the Jackpot Bonus ends, the prize is paid according to the values of the Bonus symbols. The GRAND prize is paid when all 40 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Other prizes from the reels are cancelled. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility Levels™ as the spin that activated the bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.22% MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast (if applicable) play modes. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. RTP - 96.22% Last modification date: 12/23/2025