Jekyllz Wild Ultranudge Welcome to JEKYLLZ WILD, with ULTRANUDGE, POTION CASH, and MR HYDE FREE SPINS! HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to place your bet and start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. ULTRANUDGE™ Any win that includes either a JEKYLL WILD or a HYDE WILD will trigger the ULTRANUDGE™ (including Potion Cash wins). The win will pay, and all symbols will nudge down by one position. The ULTRANUDGE win streak will continue until there are no more wins. During MR HYDE FREE SPINS, any win will start ULTRANUDGE! MR HYDE & POTION CASH All potion symbols will pay line wins as the 5th highest symbol, they also all display a cash value of between 0.2x and 50x the total stake. On any spin or ULTRANUDGE, one or more Dr Jekyll Wild can randomly turn to Mr Hyde and collect all the Potion Cash in view. This will trigger or continue ULTRANUDGE. All the symbols will nudge down one position, line wins will be paid, then any existing Mr Hyde Wilds will increase their multiplier by 1 and collect any visible potion cash again! There is also a chance for existing or new Dr Jekyll Wilds to turn into Mr Hyde and collect potion cash. Mr Hyde's multiplier also applies to line wins it is part of. MR HYDE'S FREE SPINS Collecting 3 bonus symbols above the reels will award the MR HYDE FREE SPINS. Bonus symbols are on all reels and can be collected on the initial reel spin and during ULTRANUDGE streaks. When the triggering round is resolved, you will be awarded 12 free spins. Mr Hyde will increase his multiplier by 1 on every ULTRANUDGE, and this multiplier will not reset between spins. New Mr Hyde symbols will always start at the current highest multiplier value. During Free Spins ALL WINS START ULTRANUDGE MR HYDE MULTIPLIER DOES NOT RESET 3 BONUS SYMBOLS AWARD 12 MORE SPINS BONUS BOOST Players can pay +50% on the total bet to activate BONUS BOOST. BONUS BOOST doubles the chance of winning Free Spins. If bonus is won, 15 Free Spins will be awarded instead of 12. BUY BONUS Players can pay x125 their choice of bet size to buy 15 Free Spins. Players can pay x350 their choice of bet size to buy 20 Free Spins with a Hyde multiplier of x10. MAX WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. LEGAL In the event of disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94.07%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 10/28/2025