Joker 10000 Joker 10000 Joker 10000 is a 3-reel slot game with a supermeter game. The game has 1 to 5 pay lines. Wins are awarded for 3 of a kind symbols from left-to-right, and 2x or 3x joker wins when playing the supermeter game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is between 92% and 97%. To win you must match 3 symbols on an active payline. Wins in the reel game can be gambled red or black, to double your prize. Alternatively press SPIN to transfer your winning to the supermeter where the 10000 prize can be won. If winnings in the base game are 5001 coins or more, this win cannot be gambled or played in Supermeter game. Each game costs 2x the selected coin value, multiplied by the number of selected pay lines. GAME RULES Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the coin value Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol 3 of a kind wins are paid once only Malfunction voids all pays and plays Supermeter Game When a win is obtained in the reel game (and when playing 5 lines only) you can transfer it to the supermeter by pressing the SPIN button. In the supermeter game, the bet is fixed at 20 coins. Joker symbols are active and any 2 symbols awards a mystery prize of between 20 and 10000. Any 3 Joker symbols in views pays three mystery prizes, and 3 Joker symbols on a payline will award the 10000 prize. Supermeter wins cannot be gambled. You can choose to collect your winnings at any time by pressing the COLLECT button. The win will be transferred to your balance, and the supermeter game is ended. How to Play Choose your bet by pressing the BET + or BET – buttons; or press MAX BET to select 5 lines and play a game. Press the SPIN button MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels STOP AUTOPLAY: Cancels autoplay (if available) MAX BET: Selects the highest number of lines available and plays one game BET +/BET -: Adjusts the BET. Each payline costs 2x coin value. LINES: Selects the number of paylines to play TRANSFER: Transfers supermeter winnings to the reel game where they can be gambled double or nothing COLLECT: Pays winnings to balance during the gamble or supermeter game. SETTINGS: Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about, back and AUTOPLAY (if available) options MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. Available on the game screen. SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: CASHIER: Accesses the casino’s cashier area INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME:Accesses casino menu BACK:Returns to game ABOUT: Displays game version information AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Cash: Displays your total balance Coin: The selected coin value Bet: The value of the bet Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 12/6/2017