Jaguar Temple Game Rules Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. Note: The Jaguar Temple video slot is referred to as Jaguar Temple, The Game or Game. 1. Jaguar Temple is a video slot with 5 reels and 20 fixed pay lines. The game features wilds, Massive symbols and a bonus game consisting of free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96,1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. No bets can be altered during a game round. 4. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 5. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 6. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 7. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 8. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right in combinations according to the pay table. 9. 3 (or more) adjacent Jaguar symbols form a winning combination anywhere on a pay line. 10. The Jaguar symbol may occur both as a 1x1 symbol and as a 3x3 symbol. The Jaguar 3x3 symbol may randomly occur on any spin on the three middle reels. 11. 3 or more scatters trigger the Bonus game consisting of free spins. 12. The wild symbols substitutes for any other symbol except the scatter symbol and only occur on the three middle reels. In the Bonus game, wilds will expand covering a whole reel. 13. In the Bonus game, 2 or more scatter symbols grant extra free spins according to the pay table. 14. The bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the bonus game. The bonus game is part of the same game round as the spin that triggered it. 15. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020