Jewel of the Dragon Red Phoenix PAYTABLE Before the reel spin initiates, the base game reel set is chosen from multiple possible reel sets. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Winning pays per symbol per winning lines. Wins on multiple lines are added together. BASE GAME - BONUS In a base game spin where the Hold & Spin Feature is not triggered, the mystery GRAND jackpot may be awarded. In a base game spin where the Hold & Spin Feature is not triggered, the mystery MAJOR jackpot may be awarded. During the base game, Scatter Coin displays MINOR, MINI or a bet multiplier value of x1-x200. WILD SYMBOL Wild is WILD for Phoenix, Building, Scroll, Bowl, King, Queen, Jack, Ten and Nine. Wild only appears on reels 2 to 5. Scatter Coin only appears on reels 2 to 4. HOLD & SPIN FEATURE During the base game, Coin displays MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or a bet multiplier value of x1-x200. Any combination of 6 or more scattered Coin or Scatter Coin triggers the Hold & Spin Feature. 3 spins are awarded. All Coin and Scatter Coin appearing on the feature triggering spin are held during the feature. During each spin, any additional Coin that land will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if Coin lands, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. If there was no MAJOR on the feature triggering spin, then during the feature, Coin displays MAJOR, MINOR, MINI or a bet multiplier value of x1-x200. If all 15 positions are held, then the GRAND jackpot is awarded, and no additional spins will be played. After all spins are complete, the value displayed on each Coin and Scatter Coin is awarded. Any Coin and Scatter Coin containing MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI awards the value displayed in the corresponding meter. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Scatter Coin does not appear on the reels used during the feature. Only Coin and Scatter Coin are evaluated during the feature. The Hold & Spin Feature cannot be retriggered during the feature. 3 Scatter Coin displayed during the Hold & Spin Feature indicates that the Free Spins Feature was also triggered during the base game and will be played after the Hold & Spin Feature. If any combination of 15 Coin or Scatter Coin lands on reels during the spin, both the GRAND JACKPOT and the prizes displayed on each Coin and Scatter Coin are awarded without entering the Hold & Spin bonus. Maximum of only one MAJOR JACKPOT may be awarded in the Hold & Spin feature. FREE SPINS FEATURE During the base game, 3 scattered Scatter Coin on reels 2, 3 and 4 award 5 free spins. Additionally, the prize displayed on each Scatter Coin is also awarded and the prize displayed on each Scatter Coin is shown directly above the corresponding reel for the duration of the Free Spins Feature. Before the reel spin initiates, a number of positions on the reels 1 and 5 will be randomly replaced with a symbol based on the table below. REEL 1 : Phoenix, Building, Scroll, Bowl, King, Queen, Jack, Ten or Nine REEL 5 : Phoenix, Building, Scroll, Bowl, King, Queen, Jack, Ten, Nine or Wild Before evaluation, all Mystery on reels 2, 3, and 4 will open to reveal Phoenix, Building, Scroll, Bowl, King, Queen, Jack, Ten, Nine, Wild or Free Spin Scatter Coin. During the Free Spins Feature, each Free Spin Scatter Coin that lands on reels 2, 3, and 4 will award the value displayed directly above the corresponding reel. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except Coin and Scatter Coin do not appear. Free Spins Feature can not be retriggered during Free Spins Feature. BUY PASS™ BUY PASS™ allows direct access to the Hold & Spin Feature. BUY PASS™ allows direct access to the Free Spins Feature. Entry into the Hold & Spin Feature can be purchased using the BUY PASS button for 54.85x of the selected bet. Entry into Free Spins can be purchased using the BUY PASS button for 32.8x of the current selected bet. This will trigger 5 Free Spins, no additional free spins may be awarded in the bonus. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. BUY PASS™ cannot be activated during the Hold & Spin Feature. BUY PASS™ cannot be activated during the Free Spins Feature. BUY PASS™ cannot be activated during Autoplay. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 93.97%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. Last modification date: 9/12/2023