Jelly Reels The game has 8 reels, 8 rows and 16,777,216 ways to win. Wins are paid for combinations of 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8 identical symbols from left to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per way is paid. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Bonus symbol awards prizes ranging from x1-x5 player’s bet. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. After getting a winning combination, the winning symbols disappear, allowing new symbols to fall into their place and create new winning combinations. Drawing 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols in the base game triggers a paid re-spin with the Bonus symbols blocked on the reels, increasing the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. SPECIAL FEATURES Mega Symbols In the base game, all symbols except for Bonus symbols may appear as Mega symbols. The Mega symbol is a block of 2x2 or 3x3 symbols of a kind and can appear anywhere on the reels. Mega symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reels land and only the visible part of the symbol pays a win. Hold the Jackpot Bonus A draw of at least 6 Bonus symbols during the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stay on the reels. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played on 40 independent reels separated into the upper reels and lower reels. Upper reels consist of 8 big reels. Only Special Bonus symbols can be drawn on these reels. The upper reels are locked. In order to unlock them, four Bonus symbols have to be drawn in the corresponding positions of the bottom reels. Special Bonus symbols include: Silver Coin, MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols, as well as the MYSTERY symbol. Silver Coin accumulates all values from Golden Coins and Silver Coins drawn on the reels under it and multiplies them randomly by 1-5x. Prizes for the MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols are paid according to the paytable. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol. Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the bonus game. Lower reels consist of 32 reels. Only standard Bonus symbols and Snake symbols can be drawn on these reels. Snake symbol moves towards the Golden Coin symbol of the highest value and adds Golden Coins with a 1x multiplier to the reels. If the Snake symbol moves through a reel position already occupied by a Golden Coin symbol, it doubles its value. The Snake symbol can move in all directions, but only on the lower reels. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus round. Every time any Bonus symbol is drawn, it resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus ends when all respins are finished or all 40 reels (upper and lower) are filled with Bonus symbols. When Hold the Jackpot Bonus ends, the prize is paid according to the values of the Bonus symbols. The GRAND prize is paid when all 40 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Other prizes from the reels are cancelled. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated the bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Tap to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Tap to access the Autoplay settings menu: Autoplay: Swipe to set the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. Gamble Button Tap to activate the Gamble feature. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Increase Bet Value Tap to increase the bet by one level. Decrease Bet Value Tap to decrease the bet by one level. Fast Play Tap to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Tap to access the game settings and game rules. Current bet in cash Tap to access the bet menu with available stakes. Balance Current account balance. Win Current win. Sound Tap to turn Sound on or off without going to the settings menu. Volatility Level Tap to change the volatility level: Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. Game Settings Exit to lobby Tap to turn off the game and exit back to the lobby. Game Settings Energy saving mode: Tap to turn the energy saving mode on or off. Big Win Presentation: Tap to switch big win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Tap to switch to ultra lite mode for faster load times. Cards gambling only: Tap to select a quick risk mechanism. Game Rules Tap to open the game rules page. Game History Tap to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Big Screen Mode Tap to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Sound Settings Mute: Tap to mute all sound effects and music. Sounds: Tap or drag to switch or turn sounds on or off. Music: Tap or drag to switch or turn music on or off. Paytable Tap to view winning combinations and payouts. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 6/7/2024