Jinse Dao Tiger FEATURES HIT AND WIN Land 1, 2 or 3 GLOWING ORB symbols on reel 1. The symbol(s) will immediately expand to fill the entire reel. Reels 2-5 will then expand by 1, 2 or 3 rows and become active reels. GLOWING ORB symbols on reels 2-5 contain cash values. Any cash value that lands on an active reel will be awarded. Any other wins will be evaluated at this time. For a reel to be active, at least one GLOWING ORB symbol must appear on all previous reels. GLOWING ORB is a scatter symbol & appears on all reels. The cash values which appear on the symbols on reels 2-5 are equal to 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 100x, or 200x total bet. HIT AND WIN: SECOND CHANCE When no GLOWING ORB symbols land on reel 1, at least one GLOWING ORB symbol lands on reel 2 and there is no Any Way™ pays win, there is a chance for the Hit and Win feature to be triggered. WHEEL BONUS Land 3 BONUS symbols to trigger the Wheel Bonus. BONUS symbols are scatter symbols and appear on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. This feature can be awarded during the Hit and Win feature when the reel set contains additional row(s). One wheel spin is awarded. If both the Hit and Win feature and the Wheel Bonus feature are won in a single spin, the Hit and Win feature will play out first. Spin to win one of the following prizes: Six Free Spins with extra GLOWING ORB symbols (40, 60, 80, 100, 150, 200 or 400 GLOWING ORB symbols added to reels 2-5 for all Free Spins) Cash Prize (20x, 100x, 200x or 1000x total bet) The size of the segments on the bonus wheel have no correlation with the chance of winning a segment. FREE SPINS This feature is awarded from the Wheel Bonus. Free Spins use the same awards and ways as the triggering spin. The Hit and Win feature can be awarded in Free Spins by landing 1, 2 or 3 GLOWING ORB symbols in reel 1. The Hit and Win: Second Chance feature is not available in Free Spins. Free Spins are played automatically. Free Spins will end when there are no more spins remaining. It is not possible to retrigger the Wheel Bonus during Free Spins. TURBO MODE The Turbo Mode button is displayed on the bottom right of the reels with an "ON" and "OFF" option. Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 96.00%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/22/2023