Joker Gems Game Rules Joker Gems is a 5 reel, 5 row slot with cluster based payouts and Jackpots. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. A valid Cluster is a group that consists of at least 3 identical symbols connected by any of the four cardinal directions (up, right, down, left). A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency, except for Jackpot wins which are always presented in currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Joker Gems is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with respins. If a Cluster is created in Normal mode, it becomes sticky and the Bonus mode respins start. The respins in Bonus mode continue as long as an existing Cluster expands or a new Cluster is created. The Light Chaser feature can only be triggered at the beginning of a spin in Normal mode. A Light Chaser randomly appears between spins. It creates a cluster of 4 to 5 identical symbols resulting in a win when it stops. The Cluster created by the Light Chaser is automatically applicable for entering the Bonus mode respins. This means the Light Chaser always awards at least one subsequent respin. If identical symbols fill all the positions in a Jackpot pattern the corresponding Jackpot is awarded. The value of the Jackpots are independent of bet level, but the probability to fulfill them is higher at higher bet levels. The Jackpot patterns are: the center 3x3 reel positions for the bronze Jackpot, the surrounding 16 reel positions for the silver Jackpot, and the whole reel grid for the gold Jackpot. If identical symbols fill the whole grid, only the gold Jackpot is awarded. If identical symbols fill the center 3x3 reel positions, and other identical symbols fill the surrounding 16 reel positions, both the bronze and the silver Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Joker Gems is 96.3% for all bet levels. The game has a maximum win of 700 times the bet plus the value of the gold Jackpot. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020