Jelly Jillions Help File JELLY JILLIONS™ JELLY JILLIONS™ is an innovative slot game with new mechanics. It is a 6 reel, 6 row, cluster-pays game, with the following features: BONUS PRIZES BONUS RESPINS The average theoretical return to player (RTP) is:96.05% Rules WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Any symbol win with one or more WILD symbols is multiplied by 4. SCATTER Bonus Respins are triggered when 5 or more SCATTER symbols appear. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 5 or more SCATTER symbols appear. Bonus Respins are triggered only after all symbol wins have been finalized. All SCATTER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SCATTER symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Upon completion of respins, each SCATTER symbol awards a prize or bonus prize. Grand bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Only SCATTER and BLANK symbols appear in respins. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. All wins (except SCATTER) are achieved when 5 or more matching symbols are grouped in adjacent (horizontal or vertical) positions. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Bonus (Grand/Major/Minor/Mini) prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols are multiplied by the total bet amount if won. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Any symbol win with one or more WILD symbols is multiplied by 4. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Bonus Meters Show Bonus amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins Last modification date: 2/14/2024