Jewel Boom Super Drop How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Holding down the space bar will result in continued turbo spins. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Jewel Boom Super Drop is a 1x3 EZ-Reel™ video slot featuring instant wins, super spins, win multipliers and 5 fixed jackpots. If a coin lands in view, the player wins the value displayed on the coin. If a collector symbol lands, one or more super spins are awarded. Any diamond symbol in view is collected into the Jackpot Chest. Collecting a diamond symbol may trigger the jackpot round. COIN Symbol Rules: Coin symbols exist on all reels. Coin symbols pay anywhere on the reel. Coin symbols contain instant wins of 0.1x, 0.2x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 5x & 10x the players regular bet. COLLECTOR Symbol Rules: Collector symbols exist on reel 2 only. Collector symbols contain multipliers. The possible collector multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x & 100x. Gold Collectors award 3 super spins. Silver Collectors award 2 super spins. Bronze Collectors award 1 super spin. DIAMOND Symbol Rules: Diamond symbols exist on all reels. Any Diamond symbol in view is collected into the Jackpot Chest. Collecting a Diamond symbol may trigger the jackpot round. Diamond symbols do not pay. MULTIPLIER Symbol Rules: Multiplier symbols exist on reels 1 & 3 during super spins. If a multiplier symbol lands, its value is added to the current collector multiplier value. The maximum value a collector multiplier can reach is 100x. Super Spin Rules: If a Collector symbol lands, one or more super spins are awarded. A super spin continues for as long as new prizes land on the reels. When all super spins have been completed, the total win is boosted by the final collector multiplier value. Super spin round total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the super spins. Jackpot Round Rules: When the jackpot round begins, all 3 reels spin. Reels 1 & 3 stop and if they do not contain matching jackpot symbols, reel 1 nudges down and reel 3 nudges up until they match. Once reels 1 & 3 match, reel 2 stops. If a diamond collector lands on reel 2, the player wins the matching jackpot. If reel 2 does not contain a diamond collector, all 3 reels begin to spin again and the process is repeated until a jackpot is won. Diamond collectors only exist on reel 2 in the jackpot round. There are 5 fixed jackpots to be won. The jackpot values are 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x & 1000x the players regular bet. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.45%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. © copyright 2025 Atlantic Digital – all rights reserved. Last modification date: 10/22/2025