Jin Chan's Pond of Riches Note: The Jin Chan’s Pond of Riches video slot is referred to as Jin Chan’s Pond of Riches, The Game, or Game. 1. Jin Chan’s Pond of Riches is a 3x5 video slot with 15 fixed pay lines, multiplier Wilds and a Bonus game with a Sticky win feature. The theoretical return to player is 94.27%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. Auto Play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the Auto Play page. 4. All game pay-outs and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 5. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 6. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 7. Only the longest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the pay table. 8. The Wild symbol substitute for any other symbol except the Scatter symbol. Any pay line including a Wild symbol will have a multiplier based on the landing reel number. Wild symbols multiply with each other on the same pay line. For example: 1 Wild symbol in a pay line on reel number 1 grants a 1x Wild multiplier. 1 Wild symbol in a pay line on reel number 2 grant a 2x Wild multiplier and so on. 1 Wild symbol on reel 2 and 1 Wild symbol on reel 4 grant a Wild multiplier of 2x4. 1 Wild symbol on reel 2 and 1 Wild symbol on reel 3 and 1 Wild symbol on reel 4 grant a Wild multiplier of 2x3x4. 9. 3 (or more) Scatter symbols trigger the Bonus Game consisting of free spins. The amount of free spins awarded depends on the number of Scatters that triggered the Bonus Game according to the pay table. 10. In the Bonus game any win triggers a Sticky Respin feature; during the respin feature any winning symbols in a win line will be locked and the remainder of the symbols will respin. The respin feature continues until no additional winning symbols are locked. 11. In the Bonus game Scatter symbols are collected and each Scatter symbol grant 1 extra free spin. When 3 Scatter symbols have been collected, 1 Wild symbol is injected for each spin apart from respins. When 6 Scatter symbols have been collected, 2 Wild symbols are injected for each spin apart from respins. When 9 Scatter symbols have been collected, 3 Wild symbols are injected for each spin apart from respins. After 9 Scatter symbols have been collected, additional Scatter symbols only grant 1 free spin each. 12. The Bonus Game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus Game. 13. No bets can be altered during a game round. 14. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are discharged. 15. The maximum total bet multiplier for one game round is 10000. If this limit is reached the game round will be terminated and no additional wins will be paid out. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. This is the action button. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000 Last modification date: 9/16/2020