KokeshiPop About KokeshiPop™ is a win-all-ways game with up to 33614 ways to win. It features the exciting PopWins™ mechanic Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game Select your bet size on the Bet Level interface Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable) The game panel will display your current bet size, current win, and current balance The Ante Bet increases the chance of triggering the Bonus game. It costs 25% extra per spin. HOW TO CALCULATE WINS WITH "WIN ALL WAYS" To calculate your total WIN ALL WAYS win, add all your symbol wins together To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of subsequent reels that contain the symbol, starting from the left or the right If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from the left, find the corresponding win amount in the paytable, otherwise, if the symbol was not present on three subsequent reels counting from the left, count from the right If the number of subsequent reels containing the symbol is three or greater counting from the right, find the corresponding win amount in the paytable If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 2 symbols, the second reel 3 symbols, and the third reel 2 symbols, the paytable value is multiplied in the following manner: 2*3*2=12 (total multiplier) 5 of a kind wins only pay from one side During gameplay, different way wins are added together PopWins™ feature Winning symbols 'Pop' and 2 new symbols appear in their place Each reel can reach a maximum of up to the 6 symbols in the base game and 7 in Free Spins PopWins™ ends when there are no more wins in the panel PopWins™ are played with the same bet as the base game Base game Multiplier Unlocking the reels during base game rewards a random Multiplier of x5, x10 or x20 The Multiplier doubles on each subsequent win Multiplier resets between spins When the reels are unlocked all symbols on reels drops and are replaced with new ones Getting into Free Spins Landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols during Base Game triggers the Free Spins Mode You get 5 Free Spins when landing 3 Scatter symbols You get 8 Free Spins when landing 4 Scatter symbols You get 12 Free Spins when landing 5 Scatter symbols You can buy the Free Spins Mode for 60 x Bet by pressing the "Buy Bonus" button You can also buy the maxed-out Free Spins Mode with 12 Free Spins for 240 x Bet by pressing the "MAX BUY" button Free Spins Gamble Before playing Free Spins you'll have the option to gamble into more free spins Winning the gamble gives you more free spins. Losing the gamble takes you back to the base game without playing the free spins The starting Free Spins amount is 5 spins You can spin the gamble wheel twice Win one gamble and increase your free spins to 8 spins Win the second gamble and increase your free spins to 12 spinsGamble 1: Win probability - 0.50Gamble 2: Win probability - 0.50 Free Spins Free Spin reels start at 4 symbols tall and can increase up to 7 symbols tall Free Spins are played with the same bet as the activating spin Playing Free Spins The free spins start with a x1 multiplier Each pop-win during a spin cycle doubles the multiplier At the end of a spin cycle the multiplier resets If a player unlock all reels (they all reach 7 symbols high) a random multiplier is applied - 5, 10 or 20 The multiplier is multiplied by the current multiplier (e.g. If the current Multiplier is x16 during the moment of unlocking, and the drawn random multiplier will be x10, then the total new multiplier will be x160 - x10 multiplied by x16.) In addition, fully unlocking the reels in Free Spins gives +2 Free Spins The reels reset after each spin to the base reel size - 5x4 Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 96.08% Ante bet (availability depends on jurisdiction) RTP 96.06% Buy bonus (availability depends on jurisdiction) RTP 95.99% Buy bonus MAX (availability depends on jurisdiction) RTP 96.03% Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator The maximum win is limited to 10000x bet. If the maximum win of the round reaches 10000x bet, the round immediately ends and the win is awarded up to the cap and all the remaining features are discontinued Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may replay the game round after restarting the game within 24 hour/hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. If the player chooses to skip the replay, the win will be added to the player's balance immediately In any situation where the replay functionality is not sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support team In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. If a bet has been placed and remains unsettled after 90 days, it will become void and be forfeited to charity. Last modification date: 5/6/2025