King of Cats Introducing the game King of Cats is a six reel video slot with PLAYERSELECT™ featuring Big Time Gaming's Megaways™ with up to 117,649 ways to win. PLAYERSELECT™ gives players the choice play the Lion Game or the Puma Game. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select LION START or PUMA START to commence playing the LION GAME or PUMA GAME When Auto play is on, the Play button of the active game will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. The Play button of the inactive game becomes a Switch button. The player can switch to play the inactive game by clicking the Switch button. If the Switch button is clicked a second time before the next spin has commenced, the action is cancelled. If the Free Spins are triggered in the current spin, any Switch action is cancelled. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press LION Play button to start the spin of the LION GAME at the stake displayed. Press PUMA Play button to start the spin of the PUMA GAME at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Payout are multiplied by stake. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wilds Wilds substitute every symbol except Scatter. Wilds occur on Reels 2 to 5 only. Scatter Scatter can appear on any reel in LION GAME and PUMA GAME. 3 or more Scatters in any position awards Lion Free Spins with playing LION GAME or Puma Free Spins when playing PUMA GAME. PLAYERSELECT Choose to play the LION GAME or the PUMA GAME. Playing LION GAME activates 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 Lion Wilds. Playing PUMA GAME activates up to 3 full reel Puma Wilds. Lion Game The Lion Wild appears as a 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 Wild. 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 Lion Wilds display x4, x9 and x16 multipliers, respectively. 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatters in any position award 8, 12, 16 or 20 Lion Free Spins, respectively. Lion Free Spins 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 Lion Wilds begin with x2, x5 and x8 multipliers, respectively. Every time any Lion Wild appears, the Lion Wild multipliers increase by 2, 5 and 8. 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatters in any position in the Free Spins award an additional 4, 8, 12 or 16 Lion Free Spins, respectively. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Puma Game Up to 3 full reel Puma Wilds may appear per spin. Every Puma Wild will reveal a x2, x3 or x4 multiplier. 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatters in any position award 15, 18, 21 or 24 Puma Free Spins, respectively. Puma Free Spins The first time a Puma Wild occurs on any reel, it will reveal a x2, x4 or x6 multiplier. Every subsequent time that a Puma Wild occurs on the same reel, the three multipliers increase by 1, 2 and 3, respectively. 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatters in any position in the Free Spins award an additional 6, 9, 12 or 15 Puma Free Spins respectively. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game when playing the Lion Game has an RTP of 96.72%. The game when playing the Puma Game has an RTP of 96.70%. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. 2021-04-23 Last modification date: 1/18/2022