Katmandu Gold Game description: Katmandu Gold is an exciting game that takes place somewhere on a mountaintop in Tibet. The main character Kane has discovered a map in an ancient scroll that he found while exploring the area. The map is said to lead to the Temple of Heaven. Kane had heard stories about the mythical temple from his childhood. The temple is said to contain wisdom and treasure that would make any adventurer want to hunt it. It was said that everything was a myth, it turns out that it is real. We find our hero outside the gates. The game has 6 columns, 4 rows and has 4 096 ways to win. There are three core features, one of which is called Ice Climber, which is a symbol available in sizes 1x1 and 2x2. When triggered, the function replaces the Ice Climber symbol, and all symbols above. The other core feature is Expanding Win, which is available in the size 1x1. When triggered, it replaces all symbols in the direction of the arrows, which can be up, down or both directions. Each win generates a new line up to 8 lines, but with the possibility of getting a 9 line under certain conditions. The third core feature is when three or more bonus symbols trigger the Multiplier Fee Drops bonus game. Each bonus symbol in the bonus game, increases a multiplier by 1x. This multiplier applies to all future winnings during the bonus game. Three bonus symbols within the bonus game trigger a refill of free drops. Game view: Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode. Symbol clarification: Symbol image 6 of a kind (coins) 5 of a kind (coins) 4 of a kind (coins) 3 of a kind (coins) 500 250 200 150 360 180 140 120 340 170 120 100 300 150 100 80 160 80 60 50 160 80 60 50 120 60 40 30 120 60 40 30 50 30 20 10 50 30 20 10 50 30 20 10 50 30 20 10 Paylines: Katmandu Gold has up to 531 441 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in Game Rule # 34. Special symbols: Symbol image Function The Wild symbol replaces all other symbols except the bonus symbol and the Ice Climber symbol. A payline of only wild symbols pays out as the most valuable symbol. The expanding symbol is a version of value-based symbols and wild-symboled. Only one symbol type can be selected in a drop. The expanding symbol replaces all other symbols in the same column, except bonus symbols, the Ice Climber symbol and wild symbols in the direction it expands. Two or more Ice Climber symbols trigger the feature. The function replaces the Ice Climber symbol and all symbols above in the column. If the Ice Climber feature is activated on the 8th row, it will add another 9th row of symbols. Three or more bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with Free Drops. Three or more bonus symbols in the bonus game increase the number of free drops. Game features: Bonus Game: A combination of three or more bonus symbols in normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins. The bonus game can be triggered again. Each bonus symbol in the bonus game, increases a multiplier by 1x. This multiplier applies to all future winnings during the bonus game. Betting strategies: Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected%. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Button clarifications: Game rules : Katmandu Gold is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with dropping The columns may expand upwards to a maximum of 9 rows. The game oﬀers several bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in The player can change preference in Settings. Katmandu Gold is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops. All symbol drops in Normal mode start with 4 rows and 4 096 ways to win. All low, mid and high value and wild symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, super 2x2, mega 3x3 and epic All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol and the Ice Climber symbol. Empty spaces below paying big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state. Empty spaces below a big Ice Climber symbol are filled with 1x1 sized wild symbols. Ice Climber symbols of size 1x1 and 2x2 may drop down in any symbol drop. Two or more Ice Climber symbols anywhere in view in Normal and Bonus mode trigger a replacement of symbols when there are no additional wins. The Ice Climber symbol itself, and all symbols straight above it, are replaced by individual instances of paying symbols. In case an Ice Climber feature passes through a big symbol, the big symbol will be replaced by a given symbol of the same size. In case an Ice Climber feature passes through an Expanding Win symbol, the expansion function will remain in its position and apply on the new symbol instead. In case an Ice Climber feature is activated on the 8th row, it will add an additional 9th row of symbols. Bonus symbols are not aﬀected by the Ice Climber feature. Wild symbols are not aﬀected by the 1x1 Ice Climber In case an 2x2 Ice Climber feature passes through a Wild symbol, it will be replaced by the applicable symbol in the given symbol combination of the same size. Any paying or Wild symbol of size 1x1 can drop down as an Expanding Win symbol. Arrows indicate in which direction the symbol will expand when it is part of a All symbols along the direction of an arrow will be replaced by the Expanding Win symbol. The expansion occurs after other potential wins have been paid out. In case an expansion feature passes through a big symbol, the big symbol will be replaced by an expansion symbol of the same size. The Expanding Win feature does not aﬀect Ice Climber symbols, bonus symbols or wild symbols. The wins in current symbol drop are collected, and then all symbols which are part of a winning combination explode and give space for additional symbols to drop down from This next symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols at the top (up to the maximum 9 rows), resulting in an increased number of ways to win. The new result is paid out accordingly and the avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows 4 rows: 4 096 ways to win rows: 15 625 ways to win rows: 46 656 ways to win rows: 117 649 ways to win rows: 262 144 ways to win rows: 531 441 ways to win A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free drops bonus symbols: 10 free drops bonus symbols: 15 free drops bonus symbols: 20 free drops bonus symbols: 25 free Every free drop starts at 4 rows and 4 096 ways to win. Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when initially retriggering the bonus game. Every bonus symbol in Bonus mode increases the multiplier one step prior to the payout of the current symbol The multiplier is persistent between drops and is applied for all subsequent free drops in the ongoing bonus game. The free drops bonus game always starts with the active multiplier set to An achieved multiplier never decreases during an ongoing free drops bonus game. The Free Drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. No bets can be changed during an ongoing symbol drop or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Katmandu Gold is 96.20%. The game has a maximum win of 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/30/2020