King Kong King Kong is a 5 reel slot game. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.142%. Game Rule Play 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win only on each selected payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except Scattered Logo All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels King Kong appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except Scattered Logo Malfunction voids all pays and plays KING KONG SMASH FEATURE The King Kong Smash Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Logos appear left to right Select planes for King Kong to smash Keep smashing planes until King Kong misses 3 times Win up to 150 Free Games with all prizes doubled Once Free Games are awarded, the player may choose to take a mystery credit prize instead of Free Games If the mystery credit prize is selected, all Free Games are forfeit If the Feature is retriggered during Free Games, the same number of Free Games are awarded without repeating the Feature Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the triggering game The mystery credit prize is multiplied by the triggering bet King Kong Smash Feature wins are added to payline and scatter wins The King Kong Goes Ape Feature cannot be triggered during Free Games KING KONG GOES APE FEATURE The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is awarded when King Kong appears on Reel 3 All positions on reel 3 become substitutes Extra WILDS may be revealed on Reels 2 and 4 Payouts are calculated and awarded The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is played at the lines and bet of the triggering game Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the number of lines being played. Last modification date: 5/16/2018