King of Charms 1 Introduction: King of Charms is a 5 reel slot game with 10 win-lines, featuring the Hot Spins feature. 2 How to Play: Spin the reels by pressing the ‘SPIN’ button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind across adjacent reels to achieve wins. Select the ‘CHANGE STAKE’ button to increase or decrease the size of bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 3 Game Rules: All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. All wins pay adjacent 3, 4 and 5 of a kind from left to right and right to left. Middle 3 symbols pay 3 of a kind. 5 of a kind prizes paid only once. 4 Hot Spins Feature: 4.1 Hot Spins Any win of 4X stake or more in the base game triggers the Hot Spins feature. A single Hot Spin is played across 4 reel sets. The player can play a single Hot Spin, or multiple Hot Spins by pressing the ‘auto play’ button. Hot Spins are played with the money in the winnings meter. The Hot Spins meter shows the maximum number of Hot Spins that can be played at the currently selected stake. The minimum Hot Spin value is 4x the original bet that triggered the Hot Spins feature. If the value in the winnings meter falls below this value, any money in the winnings meter will be collected and the Hot Spins feature will end, and exit back to the base game. The King of Charms mystery symbol is available in Hot Spins but not in the base game. Any King of Charms symbols will all swap to a mystery symbol for that reel set. Hot Spins are played at 100% RTP. 5 General Information: 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.51% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Copyright © Inspired Entertainment Incorporated 2007-2020 Applicable date from: 04/09/20 Last modification date: 10/19/2020