Kaiju Game Description Kaiju is a futuristic 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. It brings a unique mix of free spins, wilds and expanding reels. Generous paylines generate up to 7 776 ways to win and a chance to win as much as 130 440 coins. The base game has paylines from left to right. Any combination of three identical symbols or more on the reels from left to right generates a win. Three identical symbols, which are vertically connected, generate a vertical laser which reveals a wild symbol on the row above. The laser is activated prior to the payout, and the wild only stays for the current spin. Three HA-42 symbols on the three middle reels trigger the free spins bonus game. Kaiju Battle Free Spins starts o with 7 free spins. A random Kaiju opponent is selected among the red, green and blue. Each Kaiju has its individual pattern of hot spots which have to be activated by vertical lasers to be defeated. The hot spots are located on the 3 rows above the normal 5x3 reels. Vertical lasers revealing wilds make the reels expand upwards. A reel cannot expand above a hot spot. Three or more identical symbols, which are vertically connected, generate a vertical laser which in turn reveals a wild and expands the reel upwards. The expanded reel stays for the remaining free spins. The laser is activated prior to the payout, and the wilds only stay for the current spin. All reels can expand up to its hot spot. Each expansion generates 1 extra free spin. A Kaiju is defeated when all its hot spots are activated by vertical lasers. The last vertical laser, the one which nally defeats the Kaiju, turns all the symbols in the vertical combination to sticky wilds. All the sticky wilds stay for the remaining free spins. Key Features Feature Value Lines Up to 7776 paylines Reels 5 reels Rows Up to 6 rows Hit frequency 19% Name Kaiju Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Kaiju is a 5 reel, 3 rows slot with up to 7776 paylines. The reels expand upwards in up to three rows, resulting in a total of 6 rows. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Kaiju is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. Identical symbols in a vertical connecting line reveal a wild symbol on the row above in Normal mode. The wild symbol is included in the evaluation of the result of the current spin but disappears as the next spin starts. Vertical lasers can reveal one additional wild per reel on row 4 in Normal mode. The HA-42 symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on reel 2, 3 and 4. Three HA-42 symbols trigger Bonus mode with 7 free spins - the Kaiju Battle Free Spins bonus game. When entering Bonus mode, one opponent Kaiju is randomly selected among the red, green and blue. All three Kaiju have individual patterns of 5 hot spot symbol positions initially hidden on row 4, 5 and 6 which have to be activated to defeat them. The hot spot patterns are described in the Paytable. Both the symbol positions between the normal reels and the hot spots, and the hot spots themselves are activated by vertical lasers. Three or more identical symbols, which are vertically connected, generate a vertical laser which in turn expand the reel upwards in Bonus mode. The expansion stays for the remaining free spins. No reel can expand above a hot spot. The expansion of a reel reveals a wild symbol which is included in the evaluation of the result of the current spin but disappears as the next free spin starts. A vertical laser appearing during Bonus mode generates 1 extra free spin in case it expands the reel. All the symbols in the vertical connecting line turn into wild in case its vertical laser activates a hot spot. The wilds are included in the evaluation of the result of the urrent spin but disappear as the next free spin starts. All the symbols in the vertical connecting line turn into sticky wild in case its vertical laser activates the last remaining hot spot. The Kaiju is defeated and the generated wild symbols stay sticky for the remaining free spins. When no more free spins remain, the Kaiju Battle Free Spins bonus game ends. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Kaiju is 96.3% The game has a maximum win of 130,440 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 6/8/2020