King's Honour How to Play Game Introduction This is a Colossal Reels game that contains 10 bonus features. The game has 100 win lines in both the standard and Big Bet games. Transferring Wild Bonus Stacked wild symbols appearing on the standard reels transfer to the corresponding position on the Colossal Reels. Wild symbols that transfer to the Colossal Reels, expand to cover the entire reel. King's Charge Bonus This is a mystery bonus that can occur during any spin. This bonus selects a random symbol and forces instances of these on to the reels to create a win. The selected symbols can be oversized, covering multiple positions horizontally and vertically. Siege Spin Bonus This is a mystery re-spin bonus that can occur in specific scenarios. If there are 2 bonus symbols in view at the end of a spin, there is a chance of a bonus respin with the bonus reels locked in place. If there is a single stack of 4 wild symbols on a reel, there is a chance of a bonus respin with the wild reel stack locked in place. Both scenarios offer a chance of a bonus re-spin. Reel of Honour 3, 4, 5 or 6 bonus symbols in view will trigger the Reel of Honour. Spin the Reel of Honour to determine whether a number of Free Spins or one of the Pot Multiplier Bonus values is awarded. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is awarded via the Reel of Honour. During Free Spins, if 1 or more shield symbols are in view at the end of a spin, the Colossal Reels Bonus is awarded. Colossal Reels Bonus The Colossal Reels Bonus offers a single pick from 5 shields to reveal a bonus that will be applied to the Colossal Reels set. A number of bonuses can be revealed during the Colossal Reels Bonus shield selection. Each bonus has standard, super and mega feature awards that are triggered by 1, 2 or 3 shield symbols respectively. Wild Arrows Bonus "This bonus fires arrows toward the Colossal Reels. " The arrows will transform any symbols on which they land, to wild symbols for the duration of that spin. Flaming Wild Arrows Bonus "Like the Wild Arrows Bonus, this bonus also fires arrows toward the Colossal Reels. " Flaming Wild Arrows will transform any symbols on which they land, to wild symbols for the duration of that spin and lock in place for any subsequent re-spins that are awarded. Wild Reels Bonus This bonus will transform up to 4 of the Colossal Reels into wild reels. Extra Free Spins Bonus This bonus will award upto 25 extra Free Spins. Black Knight Bonus This bonus will transform all suit symbols on the reels to higher paying symbols. White Knight Bonus An upgrade on the Black Knight Bonus, this bonus will transform all suit symbols on the reels to one of the 3 highest paying symbols. Colossal Win Multiplier Bonus This bonus will multiply all Colossal Reel wins by the selected multiplier. Pot Multiplier Bonus This bonus multiplies the total bet by the selected Pot multiplier. Big Bet The Big Bet game activates Mega Nudging Wilds and offers potentially more ways to win with increases in stake. Additional benefits are available at the various stakes and include: Any wild symbol on the standard reel set expands to fill the reel and transfers to the Colossal Reels. Bonus symbols appear on all reels. Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN Button to initiate the game. Win lines The game contains 100 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96% Last modification date: 12/29/2021