Katmandu X Game rules Katmandu X is a 6 reel, 6 row slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The minimum bet is 0.20, and the maximum bet is 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Katmandu X is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols. The multiplier wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols. The exploding wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except other wild symbols, the bonus, free drops and super bonus symbols. The exploding wild symbol explodes symbols around it potentially generating chains of explosions. Remaining exploding wild symbols explode at the end of the game round when there are no more wins and generate a redrop. Non-winning wild symbols and bonus symbols are not affected. All multiplier wild symbols that contribute to winning clusters multiply the winning amount of their respective clusters before the total multiplier is applied. The total multiplier applies to all winning clusters. Each winning symbol and symbols removed by an exploding wild symbol increases the total multiplier by one after the payout of the current result. The total multiplier remains active throughout the Avalanche feature and can never reset during an ongoing game round. Each winning cluster generates a wild symbol that appears in one of the empty spaces created after the explosion of the winning symbols. The multiplier values of the wild symbols are added together and applied to the generated wild symbol if several wild symbols contribute to the same winning cluster. Normal wild symbols and exploding wild symbols are counted as having a multiplier value of 1. All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear. All low, mid and high value symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols. Re-dropped Big symbols will crush 1x1 symbols on their way downwards. Symbols of the same kind as the crushing Big symbol will stay unaffected together with Wild symbols, bonus symbols and free drop symbols. Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state. The Wild Strike feature replaces symbols in view with wild symbols, exploding wild symbols or multiplier wild symbols and can occur in any drop. Bonus, free drop, super bonus, wild, exploding wild or multiplier symbols can not be replaced. The Super Wild Strike feature replaces symbols with only exploding or multiplier wild symbols. 3 bonus symbols anywhere in view during normal mode trigger the bonus mode with free drops. The total multiplier is persistent between free drops in bonus mode. A free drops symbol in combination with 3 bonus symbols in normal mode awards additional free drops. Landing individual free drops symbols in bonus mode awards additional free drops. 1 Super bonus symbol and 2 bonus symbols trigger the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the beginning of each free drop. A Super bonus symbol during a regular bonus game turns the ongoing bonus game into a Super bonus game. Bonus mode ends when no free drops remain. Winnings are paid out when all triggered features have ended. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached. The game has a maximum win of 25 000x the placed bet. In the event of a malfunction, all bets and wins are void. X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers several different game modes. Super Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the Super bonus game with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the beginning of each free drop at the cost of 500x the selected bet. Bonus: Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game with free drops at the cost of 100x the selected bet. Super Wild Strike: A symbol drop with a guaranteed Super Wild Strike at the cost of 25x the selected bet. Exploding Wild: A symbol drop with a guaranteed exploding Wild symbol at the cost of 10x the selected bet. Bonus Hunt: A symbol drop with more than double the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of 2x the selected bet. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/16/2024