King Maker Introducing the gameKingmaker is a five-reel video slot featuring Big Time Gaming's Megaways™. A Megaways™ slot can have up to 7 icons per reel and each spin can have up to 16,807 MEGAWAYS™ to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button.This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or seta win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancelAutoplaybyclickingtheStopbutton. Autoplaywillstopautomaticallyifanyofthelimitssetisreachedoranythingoccursthatrequiresplayer intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 5 reels will spin and then come to a stop, displaying the result. Gem Multipliers Each Gem Multipliers starts at x1 and increments with each 5 of a kind Gem win. Gem Multipliers are only present in the base game and Gem Multipliersare reset when Free Spins triggered. Symbols Wins All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatter. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Wilds substitute for allsymbols except Scatter. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter and appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter Scatter pays any. 3, 4 and 5 Scatters award 7, 12 and 20 Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins, 3, 4 and 5 Scatters award 7, 12 and 20 additional Free Spins respectively. Free Spins Feature During Free Spins there is an Free Spin Win Multiplier which starts at the combined total of all 4 Gem Multipliers and is increased by 1 by each 5 of akind Gem win. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular playthen resumes. General Information This game has a RTP of 96.65%In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when thegame is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity Last modification date: 12/29/2021