Klowns ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to the most thrilling show in town with Klowns - Lester and Jester is about to start the show! Enter a world of spine-chilling klowns, twisted balloons, and unexpected turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Take your place in this 6-reel, 5-row drop cascades game with all-scatter wins, where every spin is a new surprise. The max win is 10,000 times your bet and can be achieved in all game modes! Let the nightmare fun begin! FEATURES TOTAL WIN BARAll wins are collected in the Total Win Bar outside the grid during each round. Any activated Klown Multipliers are added to the Total Win Bar at the end of a spin in sequence and the result of all multipliers are then applied to the collected win amount. NEEDLE BOXES Landed Needle Box symbols activate once the current grid is settled and all wins have been awarded, and trigger a grid-clear that removes symbols corresponding to the type of the Needle Box Low-Symbol Needle Boxes will remove all low-paying symbols on the grid, awarding 0.1 times the bet per removed symbol. High-Symbol Needle Boxes will remove all high-paying symbols on the grid, awarding 0.3 times the bet per removed symbol. KLOWN MULTIPLIERS Klown Multiplier symbols activate at the end of each spin if at least one win occurred during that spin. Adding Klown Multiplier symbols can land with an initial value of 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, or 500x. The multiplier is added to the current multiplier in the Total Win Bar when it is activated. Multiplying Klown Multiplier symbols can land with an initial value of x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, or x20. The multiplier then multiplies the current multiplier in the Total Win Bar when it is activated. LESTER’S CASH CAROUSEL Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the LESTER’S CASH CAROUSEL bonus feature with 10 free spins. This bonus feature retains the mechanics of the base game, and there is an increased chance of landing high multipliers! The bonus feature has a special Bounty Balloon that duplicates all applied multipliers from the total win bar! During the bonus all activated multipliers that are added to the Total Win Bar are also stored in a Bounty Balloon outside the grid. The multiplier amount in the Balloon grows until you pop it by landing an Epic Needle Box! Once popped, the multiplier amount stored in the Balloon will be added to the Total Win Bar multipliers and the Balloon will respawn and start collecting multipliers again! The multiplier value in the Bounty Balloon in LESTER’S CASH CAROUSEL will reset to 0 at respawn, ready to grow again! The bonus game also features Epic Needle Boxes. Landed Epic Needle Boxes clears all lowand high-paying symbols on the grid and pops the Bounty Balloon, instantly combining the effects of both Low- and High-Symbol Needle Boxes and awarding the Bounty Balloon multiplier! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. JESTER’S JACKPOT Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the JESTER’S JACKPOT bonus feature with 10 free spins. This bonus feature retains the mechanics of the LESTER’S CASH CAROUSEL bonus! The Bounty Balloon in JESTER’S JACKPOT will respawn with the previous multiplier value intact, ready to grow again! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.21%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 8 or more symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. RTP: 95.21% GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 11/11/2025