Kiss of the Rose RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 11.5 (BASE GAME), 9.7 (POWERBET 1), 13.0(POWERBET 2) - MEDIUM GAME RULES This game is played at 243 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to ways wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays BASE GAME During the base game Wild Symbol x2, Wild Symbol x3, and Wild Symbol x4 are wild and substitute for all non-wild symbols except Bonus Symbol. Wild Symbol x2, Wild Symbol x3, and Wild Symbol x4 appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. During the base game Wild Symbol x2, Wild Symbol x3, and Wild Symbol x4 appearing in any position on the reels awards a 2x, 3x, or 4x multiplier value. If more than one Wild Symbol x2, Wild Symbol x3, and Wild Symbol x4 appears, the sum of the multiplier values is awarded. FREE GAMES During the base game, 3 Bonus Symbol appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Bonus Select. Awards 1 pick. Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Bonus Select ends when 0 picks remain. The Free Games Bonus begins immediately afterwards The Free Games Bonus is triggered during the Bonus Select. Bonus Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4.The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Wild Multiplier symbols are wild and substitute for all non-wild symbols. Wild Multiplier symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. During the Free Games Bonus Wild Multiplier Symbols appearing in any position on the reels awards a x3, x4, x5, x6, x9, x15, or x24 multiplier value. If more than one Wild Multiplier symbol appears, the sum of the multiplier values is awarded. Power Bet Feature Only one Power Bet may be active at a time. The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. A chance of Wild Symbol symbols may appear on any number of highlighted reels. Any Wild Symbol may replace any symbol on the highlighted reel except for the Bonus Symbol. In the Base game, the values of the multipliers range from 2x, 3x, and 4x. In the Free Games Bonus the selected multipliers chosen in the Bonus Select may appear as a random multiplier, as well as the multipliers ranging from 2x, 3x, and 4x. A chance of Wild Symbol symbols may appear on any number of highlighted reels. Any Wild Symbol may replace any symbol on the highlighted reel except for the Bonus Symbol. In the Base game, the values of the multipliers range from 2x, 3x, and 4x. In the Free Games Bonus the selected multipliers chosen in the Bonus Select may appear as a random multiplier, as well as the multipliers ranging from 2x, 3x, and 4x. On any win, the multiplier reel will spin to a random value of a 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, or 10x multiplier value. After the multiplier value is determined, the multiplier will be applied to the win amount. If a player has this Power Bet feature enabled and triggers the Free Games Bonus, the multiplier reel will spin after exiting the Free Games Bonus. After the multiplier reel determines the winning multiplier value, this multiplier value will be applied to all wins in the Free Games Bonus.