Kalahari Safari Game Title: Kalahari Safari is a Bet 40, 1024 ways 5-reel slot game with Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.10% with any bet. Game Rules: Wild WILD ELEPHANT substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Appears on reels 2,3 and 4 only. Scatter 3, 4, or 5 {Insert image of BONUS} win 8, 15 or 20 Free Games respectively. Free Games 2, 3, 4, or 5 {Insert image of BONUS} retrigger 5, 8, 15 or 20 Free Games respectively. Rules Play bet 40 for 1024 ways. WILD ELEPHANT is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding wins are added. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Free Games can be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1024 ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier, except Scatter which is multiplied by the total bet. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: MENU TAB BUTTONS: LOSS LIMIT Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must select a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. SINGLE WIN LIMIT Sets the limit for a single win. This is a mandatory field and the player must select a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. Last modification date: 12/29/2021