Kronos Unleashed How to Play Game Introduction Kronos Unleashed is a slot game with multiple features such as Free Spins, Lightning Re-Spins and Jackpots. There are 5 reels and 8 rows in this game (up to 12 rows in the Lightning Re-Spins Feature) 3 or more scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins Bonus. is WILD for all symbols, except the scatter symbol. The wild symbol is only available in base game and freespins. The wild symbols are on reels 2,3 and 4. pays both ways. From left-to-right and from right-to-left in all game modes. All other symbols pay left to right. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. If there are wins on multiple paylines, the sum of all wins will be paid. Base Game Boxing Feature The amount of Free Spins is calculated through groups determined beginning with the leftmost reel. Each group contains 1 or more reels. Each scatter is part of exactly 1 group. Reels are grouped together if the scatter fully covers a position on the same row as a scatter 1 reel to the right. Each group will be surrounded by a box. 3, 4 or 5 scatter symbols award 1, 2 or 5 free spins for every boxed symbol . Boxed symbols are determined after a spin lands 3 scatter symbols. Free Spins Bonus uses an alternate set of reels with identical winning combinations. Free Spins Freespins has an increased chance to trigger Lightning Re-Spins Entering freespins instantly wins 5x the total bet Lightning Re-Spins If 6 or more Gold Kronos symbols land on reel 1, then the Lightning Re-Spin Bonus is triggered immediately. During the Re-Spin Bonus reel 1 is completely covered with symbols. 3 Lightning Re-Spins are awarded. Throughout the bonus, a minimum of 4 symbols will be awarded. Symbols that land during a Re-Spin are held for the duration of the Re-Spin Bonus. Only Kronos and Power Up symbols appear on the reels. Only one colour of Kronos symbols may be active at a time and will be similar to the colour the Kronos symbol covering reel 1. If at least 1 additional Non-blank symbol lands onscreen during a Re-Spin, 1 additional Re-Spin will be awarded. If Power Up lands onscreen, it will transform into 1 of 4 special symbols . Active Kronos symbols will fill all open positions surrounding this symbol . Up to a maximum of 4 Power Up symbols may transform into this symbol during the bonus. Jackpot Bonus will trigger at the end of the current spin and will award 1 spin of the Jackpot Reels for each of these symbols appearing onscreen that spin. After the Jackpot Bonus ends, each Lightning symbol is replaced by a symbol displaying the amount awarded on the Jackpot Reels. A maximum of 4 Power Up symbols may transform into this symbol during the bonus. 1 additional row will be added at the bottom of the grid, where each position is covered by the active Kronos symbol. 10 additional lines are added with each grid expansion. Up to a maximum of 4 Power Up symbols may transform into this special symbol during the bonus. The grid reverts to 8 rows and 60 lines after the Re-Spin Bonus ends. All Kronos pays are based on the current colour of Kronos. The values they represent are avaliable in the in-game paytable. Any winning combination of Kronos symbols of any colour are paying from left to right and from right to left. When Kronos pays are increased with the special symbol, the previous Kronos pays become unavailable for the duration of the Re-Spin Bonus. Up to a maximum of 2 Power Up symbols may transform into special symbols that increase Kronos pays. If all onscreen positions are replaced by a non-blank symbol, no additional Lightning Re-Spins will be played. Before the pays are evaluated, any of the following Special symbols will transform inactive Kronos symbols. This symbol is WILD for active Kronos symbols. All line pays are evaluated at the completion of the Re-Spin Bonus Re-Spin Bonus uses an alternate set of reels with identical winning combinations as in the base game, except otherwise specified. Jackpot For each spin of the jackpot reels, each of the 2 reels will award a prize. Jackpots are awarded after both reels stop spinning. The symbols on the reels are KRONOS, MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI. These correspond with stake multipliers of 500000, 50000, 10000, 3000 and 1000. A win is guaranteed in Jackpot. Bonus Guarantee The Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 5x total bet. Entering freespins will award 5x total bet on top of all other winnings. The Re-Spin Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 1x total bet. A bonus ending with less than 1x total bet has 1x total bet automatically added to the winnings at the end of the Re-Spin Bonus. Stake Select your stake: To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Press the SPIN Button to initiate the game. Win lines The game contains 60 win lines in the Base Game and free spins, and up to 100 win lines in the Lightning Re-Spins feature. All line configurations are shown in the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the ? button. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected return for this game is 95.86% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays.Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2018 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/29/2021