Lightning Blaze Lightning Blaze Lightning Blaze is a Bet 40, 40-line 3x5 Reel slot game with a Lightning Respin. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.07% with any bet. Game Rules Rules Play bet 40 for 40 Lines. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pay any All wins shown at 1 credit bet and multiplied by the bet multiplier. WILD 77 and Wild 777 multiply wins up to 12x! Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Highest win only on each selected payline. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Lightning Bolt prizes are only collected once Lightning Respin is triggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Lightning Respin 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 or 15 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Lightning Respin. 3 initial Respins are awarded. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Lightning Respin. Lightning Respin is played at the triggering bet. Lightning Jackpot Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Jackpot prizes are collected when a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Lightning Bolt lands on a Lightning Respin triggering spin or within an active reel/s during Lightning Respin. Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Lightning Jackpots. Mini, Minor, Major and Grand Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Lightning Respin. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 12/15/2022