Lake's Five Game Description Lake’s Five is a 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. It mixes the disco fever of the 70s with a high tempo scatter respin feature and a free spins bonus game loaded with walking, sticky and climbing wilds. Connecting paylines generate 178 ways to win and a chance to win up to 216,000 coins. Two scatter symbols trigger the respins feature where Mr. Lake appears to turn the scatters into respin wilds. The reels with the wilds move one step downwards for every respin. The respins continue until the bonus game is triggered or only one scatter remain on the reels. Three scatter symbols trigger the free spins bonus game where Mr. Lake and his team enter Mr. Romano's highly secured office. The aim is to collect golden keys to unlock the cascading wild features and to get additional free spins. Three keys on reel one unlock the walking wild feature, three keys on reel three unlock the sticky wild feature and three keys on reel five unlock the climbing wild feature. Once a feature is unlocked, it is available during the remaining free spins. All remaining walking and climbing wilds complete their paths leaving a trace of wilds in the last free spin. Wilds that cross each other’s paths result in multiplier wilds for one spin. If all three features are unlocked the captured monkey is released from his cage to participate in a disco fever ending of the bonus game. Key Features Feature Value Lines 178 connecting paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~18% Name Lake’s Five Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Lake's Five is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Lake's Five is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. The scatter symbol is a bonus trigger appearing on reel 1, 3 and 5. 2 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the respins. During respins the scatters turn to wilds. The 2 reels with the wilds move jointly one step downwards for every respin. The other reels spin as normal. Respins can only be trigged in Normal mode. The respins end as soon as only one wild remain, or when a third scatter appears. 3 scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus mode with 10 free spins. In Bonus mode a key symbol adds 1 extra free spin. The walking wild feature in Bonus mode is unlocked on all reels, as soon as 3 keys have been collected on reel 1. Walking wilds move rightwards one reel for every free spin. The sticky wild feature in Bonus mode is unlocked on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5, as soon as 3 keys have been collected on reel 3. Sticky wilds stay in place for the remaining free spins. The climbing wild feature in Bonus mode is unlocked on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 as soon as 3 keys have been collected on reel 5. Climbing wilds move upwards one position for every free spin. Wilds that cross paths will stack on top of each other and generate multipliers for that spin. 2 wilds on the same position generate a X2 multiplier. 3 wilds on the same position generate a X3 multiplier. Paylines passing through a stacked wild multiplier are multiplied accordingly. Before evaluating the payouts for the last spin of the bonus game, all remaining walking and climbing wilds complete their paths leaving a trace of wilds behind. These wilds do not generate any multipliers. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. The bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Lake's Five is 96.3%. The game has a maximum win of 216,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020