Lightning Viking 1 Introduction Lightning Viking is a random slot game played on 6x4 reels, with 50 win lines in play on every spin. Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols in view triggers the Lightning Viking Free Spins bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 50 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except scatter, starting from the leftmost reel. The scatter win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind scatter feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wild Symbols The ‘WILD’ symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter. Appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the base game and Free Spins. The ‘Viking Helmet’ symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter. Appears on reel 1 in Free Spins only. The ‘Hammer’ symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter. Appears on reel 6 in Free Spins only. Line wins containing all wild symbols pay the same as the highest symbol. 5 Bonus Trigger The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on all reels in the base game only. 3, 4, 5 or 6 scatter symbols landing anywhere in view awards 10, 12, 15 and 20 Free Spins respectively, and starts the Lightning Viking Free Spins bonus. 6 Lightning Viking Free Spins bonus During Free Spins when a wild symbol lands on reel 2, 3, 4 or 5 that reel position is highlighted for the rest of the Free Spins. Whenever the Viking Helmet symbol and the Hammer symbol both land in view, all symbols in the highlighted reel positions turn to wild for that Free Spin. Free Spins prizes are the same as the trigger bet. 7 Lightning Spin If all 16 positions across reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 become highlighted by the end of the Free Spins, 1 Lightning Spin is awarded. On a Lightning Spin the Viking Helmet and Hammer wild symbols are guaranteed to land in view, meaning all highlighted positions will turn to wild. 8 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 20 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 9 General Information 9.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 9.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.04%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 95.04%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/5/2023