Lucky Wu 1 Introduction Lucky Wu is a Megaways slot game with up to 117649 ways to win, featuring a reel modifier, a Free Spins bonus, Fortune Bet and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with up to 117649 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The Extra Reel adds an extra symbol to reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. Wild symbols only appear on the extra reel. 4 Features 4.1 Cascade Every winning symbol is part of a cascade. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. 4.2 Reel Modifiers At random during any spin, the Mystery Symbols reel modifier can be delivered. The Mystery Symbols reel modifier will deliver Mystery Symbols onto the reels. All Mystery Symbols in view change into another reel symbol, at random. 4.3 Free Spins During the base game 4 or more scatters anywhere in view awards the bonus. 4 bonus symbols awards a Free Spins bonus with 12 Free Spins. Every extra bonus symbol adds +2 Free Spins up to a maximum of 80. Free Spins base prizes are the same as the trigger bet. Each winning cascade increases the unlimited multiplier by +1. Winning symbol combination pays are multiplied by the current multiplier at the start of the cascade. During Free Spins scatter symbols only appear in the Extra Reel. 3 Scatters landing in view during the Free Spins awards 5 additional Free Spins. 4 Scatters landing in view during the Free Spins awards 10 additional Free Spins. 4.4 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. Activating Fortune Bet increases the current stake by 50%. When Fortune Bet is active the chance of winning Free Spins is increased. More bonus symbols are present in the base game when Fortune Bet is active. The awards remain the same as the base stake awards. 4.5 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the base game is 95.50%. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the Fortune Bet mode is 95.50%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/15/2021