Le Pharaoh ABOUT THE GAME When he’s not lurking in the back-streets of Paris, he’s pulling tricks on tourists at the Great Pyramid! Smokey got smoked, so now he has moved on and assumed a new identity as Le Pharaoh™! Join us on this new adventure in the sands of Egypt, still on the hunt for the riches at the end of the rainbow. Le Pharaoh™ is a 6-reel, 5-row paylines game with a familiar face in a new place and a maximum win of 15,000 times your bet! The maximum win can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES STICKY RE-DROPS When a winning combination lands, the symbols in that combination will stick and a re-drop will be awarded. All paying symbols that stick in this way create Golden Squares on their positions. During the re-drop, paying symbols that either extend existing or create new winning combinations will also stick and another re-drop will be awarded. This continues until no further extensions or new winning combinations are created. Once no further re-drops are awarded, all wins will be paid out. Rainbow symbols and FS symbols that land together with a sticky winning combination will also stick but do not create Golden Squares. Sticky paying symbols are removed at the start of the next spin or when the Golden Riches feature activates. Golden Squares, sticky Rainbow symbols and sticky FS symbols are all removed at the start of the next spin. GOLDEN RICHES If there is a Rainbow symbol on the grid at the end of the Sticky Re-drops feature, it will activate the Golden Riches feature. When this happens, all Golden Squares on the grid will activate and reveal either Bronze, Silver or Gold Coins, and have a chance to show special Pot Of Gold, Green Clover or Golden Clover symbols. All Coins are cash prizes that are paid as a multiple of your bet. Bronze Coins can have the following values: 0.2x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x Silver Coins can have the following values: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x Gold Coins can have the following values: 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x After all Coins and special symbols have been revealed, Clover symbols will activate. There are two types of Clover symbols: Green Clover and Golden Clover. Green Clover symbols multiply Coins or Pot Of Gold symbols on adjacent squares with one of the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 Golden Clover symbols multiply all Coins or Pot Of Gold symbols on the grid with one of the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 After all Clover symbols have awarded their multipliers, Pot Of Gold symbols will activate. Pot Of Gold symbols collect the values of all Coins and other Pot Of Gold symbols on the grid and store their total value. Pot Of Gold symbols activate top-to-bottom, left-to-right. When all values from Coins and Pot Of Gold symbols have been collected, all other Golden Squares will activate again to reveal new symbols and the process above repeats. Once all reveals and activations have been completed, all Coins and Pot Of Gold symbol values will be added together and multiplied with your bet amount to determine the final awarded win. Coins and special symbols are removed at the start of the next spin. BONUS CHOICE Landing 3 or 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game brings you into the Bonus Choice menu, where you are able to choose between two bonus game options depending on the number of landed FS symbols. With 3 FS symbols, you may choose either the LUCK OF THE PHARAOH or the LOST TREASURES bonus games. With 4 FS symbols, you may choose either the SUPER LUCK OF THE PHARAOH or the SUPER LOST TREASURES bonus games. LUCK OF THE PHARAOH When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will be awarded 10 free spins. This bonus retains the Sticky Re-drops and Golden Riches mechanics from the base game. In this bonus all Golden Squares remain highlighted until the end of the feature, even after being activated by a Rainbow symbol. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins; 3 FS awards +4 free spins. SUPER LUCK OF THE PHARAOH When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will be awarded a variant of the LUCK OF THE PHARAOH bonus with an increased number of free spins! In this variant, 12 free spins will be awarded and there are better chances of landing the higher-value Coins and Pot Of Gold symbols. This variant guarantees that a Clover symbol is revealed whenever the Golden Riches mechanic activates! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins; 3 FS awards +4 free spins. LOST TREASURES When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will enter the bonus with 3 refilling lives. The following symbols appear in this bonus: dead symbols, Coins, Green and Golden Clover, Pot Of Gold, and two different Stone Tablet symbols. Normal paying symbols do not appear. Dead symbols are non-paying and have no other effect. Each spin in the bonus consumes 1 life. Whenever any non-dead symbol lands, your lives are refilled to 3. After 3 spins without a refill, the bonus will end. All Coin symbols and Pot of Gold symbols that land become sticky until collected by a Pot Of Gold or the end of the feature. Stone Tablet symbols that land also become sticky until the end of the feature. There are two types of Stone Tablet symbols: Adding Stone Tablet and Multiplying Stone Tablet. The Adding Stone Tablet symbol adds a value to one random Coin on each spin, from one of the following values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x The Multiplying Stone Tablet symbol multiplies the value of one random Coin on each spin, with one of the following multiplier values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 If the grid fills completely with Coins, Pot Of Gold, or Stone Tablet symbols, the bonus ends. At the end of the bonus game, all Coin and Pot Of Gold symbol values will be added together and multiplied with your bet amount to determine the final awarded win. SUPER LOST TREASURES When you choose this bonus game from the Bonus Choice menu, you will be awarded a variant of the LOST TREASURES bonus. This variant guarantees that an Adding Stone Tablet symbol lands on the first spin. And there are better chances of landing higher-value Coins and Pot Of Gold symbols. RAINBOW OVER THE PYRAMIDS Landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game awards the RAINBOW OVER THE PYRAMIDS Epic Bonus with 12 free spins! This bonus retains the Sticky Re-drops and Golden Riches mechanics from the base game. During this bonus, all Golden Squares remain highlighted until the end of the feature, even after being activated by a Rainbow symbol! In addition, a Rainbow symbol is guaranteed to land on every spin! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins; 3 FS awards +4 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game depends on the bonus choice if a bonus game is triggered organically. If you always choose either LUCK OF THE PHARAOH or SUPER LUCK OF THE PHARAOH, the RTP is 95.22%. If you always choose either LOST TREASURES or SUPER LOST TREASURES, the RTP is 95.23%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. The FS symbol does not appear in the LOST TREASURES or SUPER LOST TREASURES bonus games. The symbols in the paytable do not appear in the LOST TREASURES or SUPER LOST TREASURES bonus games. Stone Tablet symbols and dead symbols can only appear in the LOST TREASURES and SUPER LOST TREASURES bonus games. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 15,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 4/30/2025