Le Bandit GAME INFO - LE BANDIT ABOUT THE GAME Meet Smokey Le Bandit, a charming racoon who won’t hesitate to fleece you for all you’re worth by using every trick in the book and then some! But if you do manage to get on his good side he may instead be persuaded to share some of his ill-gotten gains and show you the road to riches in this 6-reel, 5-row slot with cluster wins and a maximum win of 10,000 times your bet. The max win can be reached in the base game and in the Luck of the Bandit, All That Glitters Is Gold and Treasure At the End of the Rainbow game modes. FEATURES SUPER CASCADE Any time a winning combination occurs, all regular paying symbols of the type that were part of the winning combination will also be removed from the grid and new ones will drop down to fill the empty spaces. WIN TO WIN After a winning combination occurs, the squares behind the winning symbols will be highlighted as Golden Squares. If there is a Rainbow symbol on the grid it will activate any Golden Squares after all winning combinations have been awarded. Activated Golden Squares reveal either Bronze, Silver or Gold Coins, and have a chance to show Pot of Gold or Four-Leaf Clover symbols. All Coins are cash prizes that are paid as a multiple of your bet. Bronze Coins can have the following values: 0.2x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x Silver Coins can have the following values: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x Gold Coins can have the following values: 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x After all Coins and special symbols have been revealed, Four-Leaf Clover symbols will activate and multiply all Coins and Pot of Gold symbols on adjacent squares with one of the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 Pot of Gold symbols will activate after all Four-Leaf Clover symbols have activated. Pot of Gold symbols collect the values of all Coins and other Pot of Gold symbols and store their total value. Pot of Gold symbols activate top-to-bottom, left-to-right. After the last Pot of Gold on the current grid has activated, all other Golden Squares will activate again to reveal new symbols and the process above repeats until no new Pot of Gold symbols appear. All Golden Squares are then removed. At the end of the spin all Coins and Pot of Gold symbols will be added together and multiplied with your bet amount to determine the final awarded win. LUCK OF THE BANDIT Activate this bonus game with 8 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus all Golden Squares remain highlighted between spins until they are activated by the Rainbow symbol. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus game awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins, 3 FS awards +4 free spins. Landing 4 FS symbols at the same time upgrades the bonus to the All That Glitters Is Gold bonus and awards +4 free spins. ALL THAT GLITTERS IS GOLD Activate this bonus game with 12 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus all Golden Squares remain highlighted throughout the whole bonus, even after being activated by the Rainbow symbol. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus game awards extra free spins: 2 FS awards +2 free spins, 3 FS awards +4 free spins. TREASURE AT THE END OF THE RAINBOW Activate this bonus game with 12 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus all Golden Squares remain highlighted throughout the whole bonus, even after being activated by the Rainbow symbol. A Rainbow symbol is guaranteed to land on every spin in this bonus. In addition, Bronze Coins do not appear in this bonus. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 5 or more connecting symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 9/20/2024