Lucky Lil Leprechaun Win Calculations To calculate the total win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the leftmost reel. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of winning symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 1 symbol, the second reel 2 symbols and the third reel 3 symbols, the total multiplier is: 1 x 2 x 3 = 6. Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the win display and then credited to the appropriate balance. All ways are active at all times. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.93%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Pot of Gold Pick Game The Pot of Gold Pick Game is triggered when the rainbow reaches the Pick Games Pot . Progress of the rainbow is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the probability of subsequent wagers if you continue to play. Gameplay speed has no bearing on the outcome of each round of play. The player picks Pots until a Leprechaun is revealed, ending the Pot of Gold Pick Game. Each and awards credit values of: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, or 20x the total bet. Bonus Games The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 symbols award 8, 15, or 25 Bonus Games, respectively. Upon entering Bonus Games, the player is awarded 2x the total bet. During Bonus Games, each symbol converts to a symbol. Each will multiply all wins on that spin by 2x or 3x, respectively. During Bonus Games, the appearance of 2, 3, 4, or 5 symbols award 5, 8, 15, or 25 additional Bonus Games, respectively. Alternate reels are used during the Bonus Games feature. The bet, ways played, and pays during the Bonus Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. The maximum amount of Bonus Games is 1000. After the limit is reached, Bonus Games will end. Last modification date: 3/25/2026