Lightning Leopard Lightning Leopard is a Bet 40, 40 line 3x5 Reel slot game with bonuses: Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger with Lightning Jackpots. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.52% with any bet. The Win field displays winnings in credits. All 40 lines always played for 40 credits. Spacebar can be used to spin. Select “Credit Value” (Bet Multiplier) x 40 bet for lines stake. Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger wins are added to wins displayed in the WIN meter. Game Rules LIGHTNING RESPIN 6, 7, 8, 9,10,11,12 or 13 Lightning Bolts triggers Lightning Respin. 3 Respins are awarded. Triggering Lightning Bolts are held throughout respins. All positions not containing a Lightning Bolt will respin. Any subsequent Lightning Bolts symbols are held and respins reset to 3. Completion of Respins flips Lightning Bolts into prizes. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Lightning Respin. The player is awarded all the shown prizes. FLIPPIN’ RETRIGGER 15 Lightning Bolts collected during Lightning Respin triggers Flippin' Retrigger. All Lightning Bolts are reflipped! All positions are guaranteed to land an award. The player is awarded all the shown prizes. LIGHTNING JACKPOT Jackpots may be won randomly at the end of Lightning Respin OR Flippin’ Retrigger Bonus. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Jackpot prizes are awarded when a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand appears after flipping a Lightning Bolt at the end of the Lightning Respin or Flippin’ Retrigger. Mini, Minor and Major Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Bonus. Grand Jackpot may only be won once in every Bonus. RULES is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except scatter . Play bet 40 for 40 Lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except scatter Lightning Bolt. Highest win only on each selected payline. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only except scatter . Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger Bonus are played at the triggering lines and bet. Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger Bonus cannot be retriggered. All symbols are disabled during Lightning Respin except scatter . Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked MAIN GAME BUTTONS: BET Adjusts the BET staked. (+) button raises your BET, (-) button lowers your BET. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SOUND, HOW TO PLAY, HOME, CASH OUT tabs. MENU TAB BUTTONS: HOME Accesses Casino menu. CASH OUT Cash out all money. PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the base stake. SOUND View available sound settings. HOW TO PLAY View the ‘How to Play’ instructions. RETURN Closes MENU and returns to the game. Last modification date: 4/5/2021