Le Cowboy ABOUT THE GAME There’s a new sheriff in town, and his name is Smokey Le Cowboy. He’s all hat and no cattle. The Bandit has entered his Cowboy era, where hats and spurs are the latest fashion accessory, and eating BBQ rattlesnakes is apparently normal behavior…? With nimble paws and a silver tongue, he’ll charm every lawman he meets and vanish before they can say “draw”! Saddle up with Le Cowboy, we ride at dawn! In this 6-reel, 5-row game with Cluster wins, every shot counts. A max win of 25 000 times your bet is available in every game mode! FEATURES SUPER CASCADES When a winning combination occurs, all regular paying symbols of the type that were part of the winning combination are removed from the grid, and new ones drop down to fill the empty spaces. REVOLVER REVEALS When a winning Cluster occurs with a Wild symbol, the Wild symbol will transform into a Revolver Cylinder scatter symbol. The Revolver Cylinder will have between 2 and 6 available shots. The Revolver Cylinder will activate after all wins and cascades have been settled. When the Revolver Cylinder fires, it will hit as many symbols on the grid as there are shots in the Revolver Cylinder. If there is more than one Revolver Cylinder on the grid, they will activate in order, from top to bottom, left to right. Revolver Cylinders can shoot the same position more than once. Once the Wild symbol has transformed into a Revolver Cylinder, it is no longer Wild. The symbols that the Revolver Cylinder hits will reveal Special symbols: Coin scatter symbols, Diamond scatter symbols, Clover scatter symbols, Loot Bag scatter symbols, and Reload scatter symbols. After all shots have been fired, if a Reload symbol appears on the grid, it will activate and reload all the Revolver Cylinders with between 2 and 6 shots, revealing new Special symbols. If a Coin symbol gets shot again by a Revolver Cylinder, that Coin symbol will be upgraded to the next Coin type. If a Green Clover symbol gets shot again by a Revolver Cylinder, it will be upgraded to a Gold Clover symbol. Diamonds, Gold Clovers, Loot Bags, and Reload symbols cannot be shot again. Only one Reload symbol can be on the grid at the same time. When all the shots have been fired and no new Reload symbols are revealed, the Coin and Diamond symbols will reveal their values. All Coins and Diamonds are cash prizes that are paid as a multiple of your bet. Bronze Coins can have the following values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x Silver Coins can have the following values: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x Gold Coins can have the following values: 25x, 50x, 100x Diamonds can have the following values: 150x, 250x, 500x After all Coin and Diamond symbols have revealed their values, the Clover symbols will activate. Green Clover symbols will multiply all Coins and Diamonds or existing Loot Bags on adjacent squares with one of the following Multipliers: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20. Gold Clover symbols will multiply all Coins and Diamonds or existing Loot Bags on the grid with one of the following Multipliers: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20. Once all Clover symbols have applied their Multipliers, Loot Bag symbols will activate. Loot Bags collect the values of all Coins, Diamonds, and other activated Loot Bags and store their total value. Loot Bags activate top to bottom, left to right. When each Loot Bag has activated, Clover and Reload symbols disappear, and all shot positions will activate again to reveal new Coin symbols, Diamond symbols, Clover symbols, and Loot Bag symbols, and the reveal process above repeats. Once all reveals and activations have been completed, all Coins and Loot Bags will be added together and multiplied by your bet amount to determine the final awarded win. BONUS GAME - HIGH NOON SALOON Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This brings you into a Bonus Gamble, where you have a choice to either play the HIGH NOON SALOON bonus game or to Gamble. You may Gamble once per bonus and once after a Bonus Upgrade. The HIGH NOON SALOON bonus keeps the base game's mechanics with an increased chance of triggering Revolver Cylinders! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. If you choose to Gamble, a revolver will shoot and land on 1 of 4 outcomes: Outcome 1 will immediately award a Bonus Upgrade to the TRAIL OF TRICKERY bonus. By entering TRAIL OF TRICKERY you get the choice again to either play the bonus game or to Gamble. Outcome 2 awards an immediate Cash Prize of 1x, 2x, 3x, or 4x. Outcome 3 awards an immediate Cash Prize of 5x, 10x, 15x, or 20x. Outcome 4 awards an immediate Cash Prize of 25x, 50x, or 100x. Once an outcome has been awarded, the HIGH NOON SALOON Bonus Gamble will end. BONUS GAME - TRAIL OF TRICKERY Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This brings you into a Bonus Gamble, where you have a choice to either play the TRAIL OF TRICKERY bonus game or to Gamble. This bonus keeps the mechanics of the HIGH NOON SALOON bonus. In addition, there will be a Bullet Collector displayed outside the grid. Each win will add 1 bullet to the Bullet Collector. On the last free spin, the Bullet Collector will activate after all Revolver Cylinders and Reload symbols have activated. When the Bullet Collector activates, Smokey will shoot all the collected bullets. The positions on the grid that are hit will reveal Coin, Diamond, Clover, and Loot Bag symbols. When all bullets have been fired, the Revolver Reveal process continues as normal. FS symbols cannot land when the Bullet Collector activates. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. If you choose to Gamble, a revolver will shoot and land on 1 of 8 outcomes: Outcome 1 will immediately award a Bonus Upgrade to the PISTOLS AT DAWN bonus. Outcomes 2 and 3 award an immediate Cash Prize of 5x, 10x, 15x, or 20x. Outcomes 4, 5, 6, and 7 award an immediate Cash Prize of 25x, 50x, or 100x. Outcome 8 awards an immediate Cash Prize of 150x, 250x, or 500x. Once an outcome has been awarded, the TRAIL OF TRICKERY Bonus Gamble will end. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - PISTOLS AT DAWN Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the mechanics of the TRAIL OF TRICKERY bonus. In addition the Bullet Collector is progressive and will start at 5 and trigger on every free spin after all Revolver Cylinders and Reload symbols have activated. After the Bullet Collector has activated, it will reset to the last collected value it had before activating. The Bullet Collector will continue to collect wins on the next free spin. Silver Coins are the lowest Coin type that will land in this bonus! FS symbols cannot land in this bonus. SYMBOL PAYOUTS 14+ 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 12- 13 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 20.00 10- 11 4.00 4.00 4.00 4.00 4.00 8- 9 1.20 1.20 1.20 1.20 1.20 6- 7 0.80 0.80 0.80 0.80 0.80 5 0.40 0.40 0.40 0.40 0.40 14+ 150.00 150.00 200.00 200.00 400.00 12- 13 30.00 30.00 40.00 40.00 100.00 10- 11 6.00 6.00 10.00 10.00 20.00 8- 9 2.00 2.00 4.00 4.00 6.00 6- 7 1.20 1.20 2.00 2.00 2.80 5 0.80 0.80 1.20 1.20 2.00 The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.28%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. The RTP in a bonus round won from the base game is 96.40% when never gambling, 96.37% when always gambling once, and 96.28% when always gambling twice. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. FS symbols cannot land at the same time as Revolver Cylinders. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. Land 5 or more connecting symbols of the same kind anywhere on the grid to get a winning combination. After every win the winning symbols are removed and new ones drop in. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP in a bonus round won from BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.24% when never gambling, 96.15% when always gambling once, and 96.06% when always gambling twice. For full information about this feature, see section above. The RTP when buying WILD WEST FEATURESPINS™ is 96.26%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. FS symbols cannot land in this game mode. The RTP in a HIGH NOON SALOON bonus buy round is 96.33% when never gambling, 96.20% when always gambling once, and 96.10% when always gambling twice. For full information about this feature, see section above. The RTP in a TRAIL OF TRICKERY bonus buy round is 96.33% when never gambling, 96.20% when always gambling once. For full information about this feature, see section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.05 and 20.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 25 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + B or F - Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page - SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 - Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 - FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + ENTER - Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 2/17/2026