Legend of the Pharaohs The objective of the game is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE Click the " – " to decrease the Stake. Click the " + " to increase the Stake. LINES This meter displays the number of lines being played. All lines are always in play. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the SPIN (the button showing an arrow) button to start your game. If the game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play, select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click the same button to cancel Autoplay. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. GAME AWARDS All wins pay for 3 or more adjacent symbols of the same type from the leftmost reel. All awards shown are per winning line. All awards shown are multiples of stake/Line. WILD symbol substitutes all other symbols except BLUE PYRAMID and RED PYRAMID. Wild symbol appears on Reels 1, 2 and 3 only. FREE SPINS BONUS 3 or more scattered BLUE PYRAMID symbols trigger the Free Spins Bonus. BLUE PYRAMID appear on all 5 reels. 5 x BLUE PYRAMID awards 10 Free Spins with 3 Bonuses Active. 4 x BLUE PYRAMID awards 10 Free Spins with 2 Bonuses Active. 3 x BLUE PYRAMID awards 10 Free Spins with 1 Bonus Active. The Free Spins Bonus use the same win schedule as the initiating bet. Free Spins are played on all 5 reels with 20 active win lines. All wins achieved during Free Spins are accumulated and paid at the end of the bonus. During the Free Spins Bonus there is always at least one Bonus active. FREE SPINS WILD REELS BONUS Wild Reels will turn all of the positions on the reel to Wilds. The reels will spin as normal and any wins achieved will be added to the winnings display. The reel will remain as wild until the end of the Free Spins Bonus or if other Bonuses are awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one reel into wilds. FREE SPINS WIN ELIMINATORS BONUS Win Eliminators will eliminate the shown symbols from the reels and win schedule. Any eliminated symbols will remain eliminated until the end of the free spins bonus or until a new bonus is awarded. It will always eliminate the wins from the bottom upwards, starting with 10’s, J’s then Q’s and so on. Up to 5 Win Eliminators can be awarded from a single bonus round. FREE SPINS WILD SYMBOLS BONUS Wild Symbols will turn all of the awarded symbols on the reels to Wilds. The reels will spin as normal and any wins achieved will be added to the winnings display. The symbols will remain as wild until end of the Free Spins Bonus or if another Bonus is awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one symbol wild. WILD LOGO, WILD ANKH, WILD MASK, WILD EYE, WILD BEETLE, WILD ACE, WILD KING, WILD QUEEN, WILD JACK, WILD TEN substitute for all other symbols except RED PYRAMID. Wild symbol appears on all reels during free spins. FREE SPINS COLOSSAL SYMBOL BONUS Colossal symbol will turn one chosen symbol to be colossal across reels 2, 3 and 4. The Colossal symbol will initially cover 9 positions across the three reels. The symbol will remain Colossal until the end of the Free Spins Bonus or if another Bonus is awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one reel symbol in to Colossal. FREE SPINS RE-TRIGGER Each time a RED PYRAMID symbol stops on the reel during the Free Spins Bonus a re-trigger will be offered. If 1 RED PYRAMID symbol stop on the reel it will award a number of free spins & 1 Bonus,if 2 RED PYRAMID symbol stops on the reels it will award 2 Bonuses and if 3 RED PYRAMID symbol stops on the reels it awards 3 bonuses. It will award a new number of free spins along with a different bonus to what is currently active. A choice will be given to continue with the current number of Free Spins and active bonus, or exchange it for the new number of Free Spins and new Bonus. Choosing to continue will discard the new offer and continue with the current set up. Choosing to exchange will discard the remaining Free Spins and Bonus but will activate the new Bonus and play off the new number of Free Spins. All wins achieved during the Free Spins Bonus are accumulated. If you exchange to a new set of Free Spins & Bonus you do not lose any winnings that you already have accumulated. If a RED PYRAMID symbol spins in on the final free spin then it will automatically change to the new bonus and number of free spins awarded. BEST STRATEGY Pressing the best strategy button will highlight the best option. Selecting the highlighted bonus is statistically more likely to give a higher return. The button can be pressed at any time during the bonus swap process. Choosing the best strategy does not guarantee a higher return. WIN LINES All awards pay for 3 or more adjacent left to right combinations beginning with the leftmost reel. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. All line wins are multiplied by the stake per line. Highest win only paid, per active line, Scatter symbols Pay at any position on the reels. Scatter wins pay in addition to line wins. Malfunction voids pays and plays. BIG BET Each set of Big Bet spins consists of 5 spins of the reels. Each spin operates using 5 reels with 20 win lines. All wins pay for 3 or more adjacent symbols of the same type from the leftmost reel. Highest win per line only. WILD symbol substitute for all other symbols except BLUE PYRAMID and RED PYRAMID. BIG BET SPINS During the Big Bet game any BLUE PYRAMID symbol that spin into view will hold over at the top of the screen. At the end of the 5 Big Bet Spins if 3 or more BLUE PYRAMID symbols have been collected a Free Spins Bonus will be awarded. Every BLUE PYRAMID over 5 collected will award 5 additional Free Spins. Bet per line for Big Bet is always 10 credits. Free spins awarded through Big Bet are always played with 10 credits. Free Spins features played through Big Bet remain same as free spins features played through Base game. PHARAOH's BONUS At the end of the 5 Big Bet Spins, if 2 BLUE PYRAMID symbol have held the PHARAOH’s Bonus is awarded. The PHARAOH’s Bonus offers a second chance to win the Free Spins Bonus when there are not enough BLUE PYRAMID Symbols collected from the 5 Big Bet Spins. A Dial will be shown in the bottom screen containing four colored sections. The arrow will spin and come to a stop in one of the sections. If the arrow stops in the Blue section, it will start the Free Spins. If the arrow stops in one of the two Green sections, it will award the cash value displayed on the section. If the arrow stops in the Red section, the Big Bet game is over. The cash values will also increase playing on higher stakes. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 98.1%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021