Lucky Link Beats How to Play Game Introduction Lucky Link Beats™ is a 5x4 slot game which has an exciting Free Games bonus, where the player can choose the number of free spins and get a randomly chosen wild multiplier! Jackpots are available during the Lucky Link Feature, which can be triggered by landing 4 or more LUCKY LINK symbols. Collect further LUCKY LINK symbols to unlock up to 4 extra rows! Cash amounts that are collected will be awarded at the end of the feature, with a top prize of x2000 total bet. Bets Selecting your bet: To adjust the BET, touch/click on the bet values in the Menu to increase or decrease the Total Bet. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. Free Games Bonus Land three or more FREE GAMES symbols to trigger the Free Games Bonus and be awarded an initial x2 total bet. You are given a choice of number of Free Games and wild multipliers. This feature awards between 5 and 20 Free Games and a Wild Multiplier of between x2 and x25. The number of Free Games can be chosen at the start of the bonus. The wild multiplier will be randomly chosen for each Free Game from the selection of wild multipliers chosen. The Wild Multiplier is only awarded for pay lines that contain a Wild symbol. Lucky Link Feature Land 4 or more LUCKY LINK symbols to trigger the Lucky Link Bonus Feature. Whenever a LUCKY LINK symbol lands on a row, the symbol will LOCK into place. If the row is unlocked or the row becomes unlocked, the symbol will be ‘collected’ and the number of Free Spins remaining will replenish to 3. Paylines The game contains 50 paylines. All payline win amounts and configurations are shown in the game's paytable. The Lucky Link Feature does not use paylines, Instead, cash amounts and/or jackpots on ‘collected’ symbols are paid out at the end of the feature. Jackpots The jackpots available in this game are MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND. The value of each jackpot is dependent on the initial bet. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected return for this game is 96.09% Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021