Legend of Triton Contents: Getting Started How to play How do you win? Auto Play Turbo Mode FREE SPINS Bonus Feature Game Recovery General Information Getting Started: Legend Of Triton is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a FREE SPINS bonus round with special expanding symbols. (Back to top) How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, or the FREE SPINS bonus feature. Set your bet Legend Of Triton has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. (Back to top) How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line, except for the top four paying symbols which also pay for 2 of a kind. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. FREE SPINS Bonus FREE SPINS wins are awarded when 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere in view on the reels during any one spin. A special symbol is initially chosen which may spread across the reels during the feature. Wilds Any SCATTER symbols landing in view during the reel game substitute for all symbols. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. (Back to top) Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. (Back to top) Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. (Back to top) FREE SPINS Bonus Feature: When the FREE SPINS bonus is triggered you are awarded 10 free spins. 10 extra free spins are awarded if three or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the feature. At the start of the feature, a special expanding symbol is chosen at random. The selected symbol will expand vertically if there is enough of that type of symbol visible on the reels for a win according to the paytable. These will then pay on all win lines (even on non adjacent reels). The number of free spins remaining is displayed below the reels. The feature will end once all free spins have finished. (Back to top) Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. (Back to top) General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. The FREE SPINS games will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020