Let it Ride Overview Let It Ride is a five-card poker game. Players start out by making three bets of equal size. They receive three cards. Two community cards are dealt face down. The objective of the game is to combine the player's three card hand with the two community cards to form a five-card poker hand of a pair of 10s or better. Before each community card is revealed, players have the option to withdraw one of their bets or keep it in action. If the player wins, all bets left in action are paid according to a pay table. There is also an optional 3 Card Bonus side bet which is based on the player's initial three cards and pays on a pair or better. How to Play 1. The game uses one 52-card deck which is shuffled at the conclusion of each hand. 2. To begin the game, the player must make three equal bets in the circles marked ($), (2) and (1). 3. The player receives three starting cards. Two community cards are dealt face down. 4. The player has a choice: a. The player can Pull, withdrawing the (2) bet, or; b. Let It Ride and keep the bet in action. 5. The first community card is revealed. 6. The player has a final choice: a. Pull, withdrawing the (1) bet, or; b. Let It Ride and keep the bet in action. 7. The second community card is revealed. 8. If the player has less than a pair of 10s, all bets left in action lose. 9. If the player has a pair of 10s or better, all bets left in action are paid according to the All 3 bets – ($)/(2)/(1) pay table posted within the game. 10. The optional 3 Card Bonus side bet is based on the player's initial three cards only. Players are paid according to the 3 Card Bonus pay table posted within the game. Hand Rankings In Let It Ride, hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows: Royal Flush (contains the following cards of the same suit: A, K, Q, J, 10) Straight Flush (all cards are in sequential rank and of the same suit) Four of a Kind (contains four cards of the same rank) Full House (contains three matching cards of one rank and two matching cards of another rank) Flush (all cards are of the same suit) Straight (all cards are of sequential rank in at least two different suits) Three of a Kind (contains three cards of the same rank) Two Pair (contains two cards of the same rank, plus two more of another matching rank) Pair of Tens or Better (contains two cards of the same rank) Note that the value of a card ascends sequentially from 2-10, and then according to the following: Jack (denoted by a J) Queen (denoted by a Q) King (denoted by a K) Ace (denoted by an A) When evaluating a hand, only the highest possible rank within the player's cards is considered (while a Straight Flush contains both a Straight and a Flush, it is calculated solely as a Straight Flush). Ace is high except in 5-4-3-2-Ace sequence. Note that side bets are paid according to the pay table. Theoretical Return To Player The RTPs listed are based on the optimal strategy for Let it Ride. Let It Ride : 97.14% Three Card Bonus : 95.62% Disclaimer Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. The maximum win for the $ bet is $100,100.00. The maximum win for the 1 bet is $100,100.00. The maximum win for the 2 bet is $100,100.00. The maximum win for the 3 Card Bonus is $20,100.00. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/31/2021