Lucky Otter TO PLAY THE GAME: Choose a Bet Level. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. The Fast Play increases the reel spin speed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings toactivate/deactivate the Fast Play. Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets andpayouts are in the user's currency. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings. Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not beavailable in certain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting withthe game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spinsyou want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Confi rm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of theset spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not infl uence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Lucky Otter is a 3-row, 5-reel ways game featuring Win Both Ways, Avalanche, Increasing Multiplier, Crab Respin and FreeSpins. The additional 3 rows on top of the reels display special symbols that will fall during the Avalanche. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.65%. WIN BOTH WAYS A win combination is matching consecutive symbols on 3 or more reels, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel orfrom right to left starting from the rightmost reel. A win combination of a regular symbol must contain at least one appearance of the regular symbol. A win combination of the Wild symbol contains only Wild symbols. For one symbol kind, only the longest win combinations are paid. Five-of-a-kind win combinations are not calculated twice from two directions. All win combinations are added together. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. The Paytable refl ects the current bet confi guration and changes in accordance with the total bet. All bets and payouts are in currency. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Bonus symbol can land on all reels in the Base Game and Free Spins. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Wild symbols can fall down from the rows on top of the reels in the Avalanche and substitute for all regular symbols duringwin evaluation. The Crab symbols can land on all reels in the Base Game and Free Spins. The Crab symbol is a scatter symbol. AVALANCHE Any win activates the Avalanche. All symbols in winning combinations pay out and disappear, and new symbols fall creating additional win opportunities. Bonus symbols do not activate the Avalanche. INCREASING MULTIPLIER The multiplier starts at x1 in the Base Game. All wins are multiplied by the current multiplier. The multiplier increases by 1 after each Avalanche. The multiplier does not carry into the Free Spins. The multiplier resets between spins in the Base Game. The multiplier is capped at x50 in both the Base Game and Free Spins. CRAB RESPIN The Crab symbol appearing on the reels activate the Crab Respin Feature when there are no more winning combinations. The Crab symbol removes itself and random regular symbols from the reels, and then the Avalanche is activated. This Avalanche contributes to the increasing multiplier. FREE SPINS 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game activate Free Spins after the Base Game wins are paidout. 3 Bonus symbols awards 10 Free Spins. Each additional Bonus symbol awards 5 additional Free Spins. The multiplier starts at x2 in the Free Spins. The multiplier increase by 2 after each Avalanche. The multiplier does not reset between spins in the Free Spins. 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Free Spins re-activate the Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols awards 10 additional Free Spins. Any additional Bonus symbol adds 5 extra Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and the same Bet confi guration as the round that activated the FreeSpins. BUY "FREE SPINS"Buy "Free Spins" will cost 70x the reference bet size, and starts a round with a guaranteed Free Spins activation. Buy "Free Spins" can only be done in the Base Game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the buy feature is 94.84% The Payout is based on the bet per spin value. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 7/2/2024