Luchadora Game Rules Note: The Luchadora video slot is referred to as Luchadora, The Game or Game. Luchadora is a video slot with 5 reels and 30 fixed pay lines. The game features wrestler wilds, scatters, underdog, Lucha Smackdown and a Lucha Bonus Game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96.2%. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. The Lucha Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol that can appear on any reel. 3 or more Lucha Bonus symbols will trigger the Lucha Bonus Game with a number of free spins according to the pay table. Wrestler Symbols: There are 4 wrestler symbols in the game; El Toro, El Rayo, El Serpiente and El Pantera. Corner positions: The 4 corner positions starts unclaimed and become claimed when a wrestler symbol stops on them. The corner positions are the top and bottom positions of reel 1 and 5. Ring Corner Feature: When a wrestler symbol stops on an unclaimed corner position, this wrestler symbol is replaced by a corresponding wild symbol. If in the Lucha Bonus Game this transformation remain for the rest of the game round. Underdog/La Luchadora symbol: When all wrestler symbols have been transformed in the Lucha Bonus Game by the Ring Corner Feature, the Underdog symbol will be replaced by the La Luchadora symbol for the remainder of the Lucha Bonus Game. The Lucha Smackdown symbol is a symbol that can appear on reel 5. During the main game the Lucha Smackdown symbol grants one of the following wins: (1) a bet multiply win, or (2) trigger the Lucha Bonus Game with a granted number of free spins. During the Lucha Bonus Game the Lucha Smackdown symbol grants one of the following: (1) a bet multiply win, (2) an additional number of free spins or (3) claiming a random unclaimed corner and triggering the Ring Corner Feature. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. The wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol, if and only if the wild symbol combined with at least one more symbol it substitutes for form a winning pay line. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Last modification date: 5/10/2017