Liyu Tiao Long Men EXPANDING WILD FEATURE is wild and substitutes for all symbols except . A reel landing with 1 position out of view may shift all symbols on that reel 1 position to instead land that in view. landing on any reel will expand to cover all other positions on that reel. Positions covered by an expanding may also gain , , or . Positions covered by an expanding may only gain if fewer than 5 or are currently present. Positions with also count as for purposes of activating the Free Spins Feature. Positions with or multiply the value of all line wins including those positions by 2x or 3x, respectively. If a win includes more than one multiplier position, then the win is multiplied by the sum of those multipliers. Positions with are still considered . Positions with , , or are still considered , in addition to their other properties WILD POWER FEATURE landing on reel 1 will activate the Wild Power Feature. The leftmost reel without a will spin a special reel overlaid on top of the symbols already present on that reel. The special reels consist only of and blank spaces. If a new lands as a result of this special reel spin, the process repeats with the next leftmost reel. The Wild Power Feature ends only once a special reel spin does not result in a new , or once all 5 reels have a on them. Positions where are replaced with as a result of this feature automatically gain . and are evaluated for activating the Free Spins Feature only after any spins from the Wild Power Feature are complete. JACKPOT FEATURE If all 5 reels have a on them, a jackpot pay of 200 times the total amount bet is awarded in addition to all other wins. FREE SPINS FEATURE 3 or more activates the Free Spins Feature. 3 awards 7 free spins. 4 awards 10 free spins. 5 awards 15 free spins. is a scatter symbol. The free spins play automatically at the same bet multiplier and on the same lines as the spin that awarded them. The free spins are played on different reels. During the Free Spins Feature 3 or more awards additional free spins. 3 awards 7 additional free spins. 4 awards 10 additional free spins. 5 awards 15 additional free spins. The Free Spins Feature ends when 0 free spins remain. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The minimum bet is 30 credits. All 30 lines are always in play. Line wins for each line are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line wins pay from left to right, in adjacent reels only, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will automatically complete after 21 days. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before playing. Last modification date: 8/12/2025