Lady Robin Hood Game Help BULLSEYE BONUS FEATURE 3 SCATTER symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 start the Bullseye Bonus Feature 10 free spins and 3 arrows are awarded in addition to 2× the total credits bet. Before each spin, awarded arrows are randomly fired at the target. During the Bullseye Bonus Feature, each TARGET appearing on the reels awards 1 additional arrow. The initial 3 arrows awarded when the feature is started cannot land on the bullseye. An arrow landing on Reel 2 Ring, Reel 3 Ring, Reel 4 Ring or Reel 5 Ring awards one quarter of the METER (Empty) for the corresponding reel. When all four quarters of the METER (Full) are collected, the corresponding reel becomes WILD for all subsequent free spins, and the corresponding ring on the target becomes locked. An arrow landing on the Bullseye randomly awards a WILD reel on reel 2, 3, 4 or 5, and the ring on the target corresponding to the awarded WILD reel becomes locked. If a Reel Ring becomes locked, no arrows will land on the locked Reel Ring. If all Reel Rings become locked, no additional arrows are awarded or fired. TARGET appearing on the final spin of the Bullseye Bonus Feature are not counted. Reel 1 cannot become a WILD reel. During the free spins, one or more WILD in a winning combination on an active payline is WILD and substitutes for all available symbols except TARGET. WILD reels substitute for all symbols except TARGET. All free spins are played with the line bets that were in play when the free spins were started. The free spins use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. SCATTER is not available during the Bullseye Bonus Feature. Additional free games are not awarded during the Bullseye Bonus Feature. The Bullseye Bonus Feature ends when no free games remain. During the free games, there is no pay associated with the TARGET. All other symbols pay as described in the paytable. TARGET and WILD reels are available during the Bullseye Bonus Feature only. During the free games, WILD is available on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. During the base game, SCATTER is available on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. GAME RULES Play 40 lines. All pays except SCATTER pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except SCATTER pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. SCATTER pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest win paid per line played. SCATTER pays are paid in addition to line pays. Line pays are multiplied by the number of credits bet on the payline. SCATTER pays are multiplied by the total credits bet. All pays in credits. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. DISCLAIMERS In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. All awards shown are per symbol, per winning line. Free Spins uses the same award card as the base game spin that triggered the Free Spins. HOW TO PLAY Select your stake. To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. RTP: 95.42% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020