Lil Devil Lil ' Devil is a six-wheel video slot with 4096 ways to win. How to play Select your bet by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the top of the bet. The BET value is displayed on the bet screen. All payouts are multiplied by each spinner's bet. Auto play Press the Auto button to set up auto play. This indicates the Auto Play panel that the player can use to change the number of spins, create a loss or gain limit. When a loss limit is set, the player can select Start to start autoplay. When Auto playback is on, the Play button will change with the Stop button. The remaining Auto plays are displayed on the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto playback by clicking on the Stop button. Auto playback stops automatically when any of the limit settings are reached or if anything requires player intervention. Start dialing Press the Play button to start the spin on The shown bet. When the wheels turn and stop, it shows the result. Symbol Gains The win is the equivalent of the leftmost wheel to the right, except for scatters that pay any amount. All winning combinations are added together. See payments for more information. Wilds Wilds replaces all icons except Scatters. Devil Wilds appear on Wheels 2 to 5. Angel Wilds is seen on wheels 3 and 4. All wins when an Angel Wild is substituted are multiplied by x4, x6, A8, x10 or x12. Up to 2 Angel Wilds can appear in every rotation for a combined multiplier up to x144. Scatters The Scatter symbol can appear on any reel. 3 or more Scatters reward you with a feature. Choose my angel free spin or Dynamite Lover free spin. The feature plays automatically after selection is made. The bet amount used to start the feature will be used for the duration of the feature. Scatter wins are added to wins. Pick 1 - Become My Angel Free Spins He was awarded 7 Free Spins. A random symbol is chosen to be Sticky Wild during free spin times in wheel 2, 3, 4, and 5. Four Sticky Wilds earn 3 extra Free Spins on a wheel. Up to 12 extra free games are available. Four Sticky Wilds in wheel 3 or 4 Turn Into An Angel Wild. The Angel Wild multiplier starts at x4 and increases 2 to X12 with each rotation. Scatter doesn't appear in my Angel Free Spins. Choice 2-Dynamite Lover Free Spins He was awarded 12 Free Spins. All winning symbols except Scatters are part of a reaction and replaced with symbols from above. Dynamite Wild appears in wheel 3 and 4. The Dynamite Wild Factor starts at 1 and increases by 1 each time a reaction contains any Dynamite Wild. Dynamite Wilds multiply each other on different wheels and gather on the same wheel. 3 Scatters with 6 extra free spins, while additional Scatters reward each with an extra 6 Free Spins. Heartstopper Enhanced Free Spins With just 2 Scatters, each basic game spin gives you a Heart award. Hearts are saved separately for each bet. 40 Heart triggers the Heartstopper advanced Free Rotation. The Purple Heart symbol becomes an additional Sticky Wild in the evolved Angel Ol spins. In advanced Dynamite Lover Free Spins, The Dynamite Wild multiplier starts with x5. General Information The game has an RTP rate of 96.43% when free spins are selected. The game has an RTP rate of 96.31% when Dynamite Lover Free Spins are selected. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/23/2022