Lightning Horseman Lightning Horseman is a Bet 40, 40 line 3x5 Reel slot game with bonuses: Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger with Lightning Jackpots. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.52% with any bet. The Won field displays winnings in credits. All 40 lines always played for 40 credits. Spacebar can be used to spin. Select “Credit Value” (Bet Multiplier) x 40 bet for lines stake. Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. Game Rules LIGHTNING RESPIN 6, 7, 8, 9,10,11,12 or 13 Lightning Bolts triggers Lightning Respin. 3 initial spins are awarded. Triggering Lightning Bolts are held throughout respins. All positions not containing a Lightning Bolt will spin. Any subsequent Lightning Bolts symbols are held and respins reset to 3. Completion of Respins flips Lightning Bolts into prizes. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Lightning Respin. The player is awarded all the shown prizes. FLIPPIN’ RETRIGGER 15 Lightning Bolts collected during Lightning Respin triggers Flippin' Retrigger. All Lightning Bolts are reflipped! All positions are guaranteed to land an award. The player is awarded all the shown prizes. LIGHTNING JACKPOT Jackpots may be won randomly at the end of Lightning Respin OR Flippin’ Retrigger Bonus. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Jackpot prizes are awarded when a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand appears after flipping a Lightning Bolt at the end of the Lightning Respin or Flippin’ Retrigger. Mini, Minor and Major Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Bonus. Grand Jackpot may only be won once in every Bonus. RULES is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except scatter . Play bet 40 for 40 Lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except scatter Lightning Bolt. Highest win only on each selected payline. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only except scatter . Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger Bonus are played at the triggering lines and bet. Lightning Respin and Flippin’ Retrigger Bonus cannot be retriggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All symbols are disabled during Lightning Respin except scatter . How to Play Choose your BET SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: BET: The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons. The Max Bet button (coin icon) will automatically select the maximum bet. SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: This allow player to set the autoplay settings AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. STOP: Stop allows players to stop the reel spin immediately to see the final results. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. CONTINUE: During Lightning Respin and Flippin Retrigger, this button appears to allow players to skip to the next respin. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: LINES: This game is fixed for 40 lines. BET: Adjusts the BET. The slider adjusts the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The slider increases or decreases the number of autoplays. The available of autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95 and 100. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by 40 Credits. Last modification date: 12/29/2021