Lucky 8 Golden Dragon Lucky 8™ Golden Dragon How to Play Introduction Pixiu’s legendary Golden Dragon is back in action in this enchanting and exciting game. The fierce and beautiful world of Lucky 8™ Golden Dragon is a 20 payline slot featuring expanded wilds, a free spins bonus with locked wild reels, a special Dragon Blessing feature and Golden Dragon Wild reel with 8x win multipliers. How to Play Lucky 8™ Golden Dragon is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines that only pay from left to right. Select your desired bet using the stake menu window. Your ‘line bet’ is calculated by taking your total stake and dividing it by 20. Once ready, click PLAY to start the game. Winning Payouts The Paytable, showing payouts for winning symbol combinations, is accessed by clicking the ‘i’ symbol on the main interface. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be on consecutive reels along a payline. Winning combination prize is calculated by multiplying the winning combination payout as shown in the Paytable by your line bet. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings from all paylines are added together to give your total win amount. Only the highest winning combination is paid in awinning payline. Total win amounts, and all individual payline wins, are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total win of the spin. Wild Symbols The Green Dragon symbol is a wild symbol and can appear on reel 2 and 4 only. The Golden Dragon symbol is a wild symbol and can appear on reel 3 only. The Green Dragon symbol and the Golden Dragon Symbol turn the entire reel wild and substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus symbol. Winning paylines with the Golden Dragon wild symbol are paid with an 8x multiplier. The Green Dragon wild symbol does not substitute the Golden Dragon wild symbol. The Green and Golden Dragon Wild symbols will only turn the reel WILD if there is a payline win. Free Spins Bonus Round The Free Spins Bonus Round is triggered if you hit 3, 4 or 5 scattered Bonus symbols. 3 x Bonus symbols awards 8 Free Spins. 4 x Bonus symbols awards 12 Free Spins. 5 x Bonus symbols awards 16 Free Spins. It is not possible to retrigger Free Spins during the Free Spins Bonus Round. Wild symbols appearing during Free Spins will lock the whole reel as a Wild reel for the entire bonus round. Free Spins are played with the same stake value of the game that triggered the Free Spins Bonus Round. Dragon Blessing The Golden Dragon may appear randomly after a non-winning game, to give you 1 free game with Reel 3 as a Wild reel with an 8x multiplier. The Dragon Blessing feature can only occur only during the base game. Double Chance The Double Chance feature cost is 25% of your base game stake and double the chance to trigger the Free Spins Bonus Round. The Double Chance cost does not count towards the line bet. For example, if your bet is $1.00, the Double Chance feature cost is $0.25. If you choose to enable the Double Chance feature, your total bet is $1.25 and your line bet is $0.05 which is $1.00 divide by 20. Terms and Return to Player In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior game losses do not influence or change future games in any way. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.06% when the Double Chance feature is NOT enabled. The RTP is 95.09% when the Double Chance feature IS enabled. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/22/2025