Lightning Shenlong 2 Maximum Boltage Lightning Shenlong 2 Maximum Boltage™ Lightning Shenlong 2 Maximum Boltage™ is a Bet 50, 243 ways 3x5 Reel slot game with a Lightning Respin feature, Free Games, and a Maximum Boltage Wheel. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.37% with any bet. Game Rules Wild Shenlong Substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. Scatter Lightning Bolt 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers the Lightning Respin. 20, 40, 80, 120, 160, 200, 300, 400, 600, 800, 1200, 2000 and 4000 credits are available at min bet. Any triggering Lightning Bolts awards prize values at the end of Lightning Respin. Scatter Dragon 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Dragon triggers 8, 15 or 30 free games respectively. Appears in Base Game & Free Games. Maximum Boltage Bolt Any {Maximum Boltage Bolt} will zap a {Rectangular Lightning Bolt} onto the Maximum Boltage Wheel. {Maximum Boltage Bolt} will reveal the same {Lightning Bolt} on the reels. Appears in Base Game only. Maximum Boltage Wheel Fill up the Maximum Boltage Wheel with {Rectangular Lightning Bolt} to trigger it. Maximum Boltage Wheel Feature can only be triggered during the Base Game. Lightning Respin Symbol Lightning Respin Symbol awards Lightning Respin. Appears on the Maximum Boltage Wheel only. Colossal Symbols 2x2 and 3x3 symbols split into multiple jackpots and prizes. Colossal symbols that randomly appear and split are: {Lightning jackpot}, {Lightning Bolt}, {Wild Shenlong}, {Golden Ox}, {Tiger}, {Horse}, {Fan} & {Snake}. Appears in Lightning Respin & Free Games. For example: Active Reels Active reels within respins are indicated by being surrounded by electricity. Dimmed reels are non-active reels. Lightning Respin 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Lightning Respin. 3 initial Respins are awarded. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Lightning Respin. Lightning Respin is played at the triggering bet. Maximum Boltage Wheel Each {Maximum Boltage Bolt} which lands reveals a {Lightning bolt}, which may form part of a Lightning Respin trigger. {Maximum Boltage Bolt} increases Maximum Boltage Wheel collection indicator value by 1. Maximum Boltage Wheel prizes shown during base games do not reflect order or likelihood of prizes during feature. Maximum Boltage Wheel feature is triggered when Maximum Boltage Wheel collection indicator level reaches 20. Once triggered, Maximum Boltage Wheel spins for the chance to land {Rectangular Lightning Bolt}, {Jackpot} or {Lightning Respin Symbol}. Any {Rectangular Lightning Bolt} or {Jackpot} which lands is collected, and the Maximum Boltage Wheel is then respun. {Jackpot} awards either a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or GRAND jackpot prize. After every spin, empty positions may be added to the Maximum Boltage Wheel. {Lightning Respin Symbol} will award Lightning Respin feature, to be played immediately. Upon completion of Lightning Respin triggered by Maximum Boltage Wheel, Maximum Boltage Wheel is spun again. Maximum Boltage Wheel feature concludes when spin lands on an empty position. At the conclusion of Maximum Boltage all collected prizes are paid. Maximum Boltage Wheel feature is played at the triggering bet. After Maximum Boltage Wheel feature concludes, the Maximum Boltage Wheel collection indicator is reset, and is randomly assigned a value between 4 and 10. When changing to a new bet level for the first time, the Maximum Boltage Wheel collection level will be randomly assigned to a value between 4 and 10. Maximum Boltage Wheel collection indicator value will be saved should play return to a previously played bet level. Lightning Jackpot Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Jackpot prizes are collected when a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Lightning Bolt lands on a Lightning Respin triggering spin or within an active reel/s during Lightning Respin. Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Lightning Jackpots. Mini, Minor, Major and Grand Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Lightning Respin and/or Maximum Boltage Wheel feature. Free Games 3, 4 or 5 {Scatter Dragon} triggers 8, 15 or 30 Free Games respectively. Colossal symbols may land on any spin and splits into individual symbols. Colossal symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Lightning Respin. At the conclusion of Lightning Respins, the game returns to any Free Games remaining. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Free Games can be retriggered with 3 or 4 Scatter Dragon only. Lightning Shenlong 2 Rules Play bet 50 for 243 Ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by bet multiplier. WILD Shenlong is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. WILD Shenlong appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatters. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Lightning Bolt prizes are only collected once Respins are triggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields. Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Respins. Lightning Respins: Displays the number of respins left to play. Maximum Boltage Wheel Indicator: Displays the Maximum Boltage Wheel collection value for the current bet level. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. This is game rules version 3, dated July 29, 2025 Last modification date: 2/17/2026