Lucha Kitty LUCHA KITTY PAYS Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the total bet. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. CASH CAPTURE FEATURE Coin symbol displays 0.25-32.5x, Mini or Minor. During the base game, when Coin symbol lands on a position not already framed by Frame element, the next wager at the same bet option and denomination will have Frame element framed over that position. Frame element is held between wagers at the same bet option and denomination. During the Free Games Bonus, when Coin symbol lands on a position not already framed by Frame element, the next free game spin will have Frame element framed over that position. Frame element is held between free game spins. When one or more Coin symbol land on positions framed by Frame element, the values displayed on Coin symbol on a group of adjacent Frame element are summed and displayed on all Frame element in that group. Those positions will award the values displayed, and Frame element will be removed from them on the next spin. The distribution of prizes in the feature changes with bet option. Symbols covered by Coin symbol during the Cash Capture Feature are still evaluated. WHEEL BONUS Scattered FG on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Wheel Bonus, and 1 spin of the wheel is awarded. The wheel will award free games, MAJOR, or MEGA. The possible free game awards are listed in the table below. FREE GAME AWARDS 7 free games with 2 Frame element added every spin 7 free games with 3 Frame element added every spin 7 free games with 5 Frame element added every spin 10 free games with 2 Frame element added every spin 15 free games with 2 Frame element added every spin If free games are awarded, then 1x total bet is also awarded. The distribution of prizes on the wheel changes with bet option. FREE GAMES BONUS Before every free game spin, a number of Frame element are added to random positions on the grid. Frame element from the base game do not appear in the Free Game Bonus. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Games Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except FG does not appear. Frame element remaining at the end of the Free Games Bonus do not appear in future wagers. PAY LINES If MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or MEGA is awarded, then the value in the corresponding meter is awarded. The amount wagered times the odds of winning the MAJOR and MEGA meters respectively are equivalent for all available denominations. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94% Last modification date: 1/6/2026