Legend of Fortune How to Play Game Introduction Legend of Fortune™ is a slot game which has three exciting bonus features, in addition to an in-reel element which features walls caving in on the reels! Land 3 or more scatter symbols to trigger the Bonus Feature Selector. Choose one of the three passages to play a bonus feature. Bets Selecting your bet: To adjust the BET, use the "+" and ‘-’ buttons (desktop) or slide the betting options (mobile) to increase or decrease the Total Bet. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays are paid from left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest winner is paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click STOP AUTOPLAY to cancel the autoplay. Autoplay is stopped when a bonus event occurs. Base Game During each play the following symbols appear: is WILD for all symbols except the scatter symbol is a scatter symbol and is the feature trigger. This symbol is present in the base game only and appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild Walls At any point during the base game, walls may crush one or more reel, turning the entire reel WILD. This begins with reel 5, then may continue to affect reels 1, 4 and 2 (in this order). The walls will crush the reels one-by-one until there is a win. Bonus Features The Bonus Feature Selector is triggered by landing 3 scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4. Choose a numbered passage to reveal a Bonus Feature. There are three available Bonus Features in this game - Temple Escape Free Spins, Tumbling Free Spins and Stepping Stones Bonus. Only one Bonus Feature can be triggered at a time. It is not possible to trigger a bonus feature within a bonus feature. Temple Escape Free Spins This feature will begin with 8 Free Spins. Traps and additional free spins will be awarded if collected on the map above the reels. Traps: To progress along the map, you must find a symbol on reel 5. You can only move along the map one space per spin. The traps that can be awarded are shown in the following table. The table below shows the outcome of each trap: Trap Outcome Wild Darts Darts are shot at the symbols randomly, turning symbols WILD. Crushing Spikes After each spin, spikes fall and transform entire reels into Wild symbols. Pit of Wealth After each spin, symbols will fall into the pit, and the empty space will be filled with a random giant symbol. Additional free spins will be awarded if collected. These are shown on the map above the reel set. The feature ends when all Free Spins have been used. Tumbling Free Spins Once the feature starts, you will be awarded with 10 Free Spins. During this feature, the symbols on the reels land as ‘blocks’ which fall into the game area. Symbols on winning lines may explode, and any above symbols will fall into the gaps that are created by the disappearing symbols. The symbols will be replaced entirely when there are no winning lines. Stepping Stones Bonus The aim of this feature is to choose a path across the stepping stones to reach the final glowing stone, which awards a spin of the Bonus Wheel. Each tile that is successfully passed and will award a random multiplier. Bonus tiles (which are marked by symbols) will award greater multipliers Landing on a bonus stone may resurrect fallen stones. If you reach the final stone, you will be awarded a spin of the Bonus Wheel, which awards win multipliers of up to 1000x total bet in the feature. Win Lines The game contains 20 win lines. All line configurations are shown on the paylines page of the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the ? button. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected return for this game is 95.9% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries.