Lock it Link Diamonds BASE GAME WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS, HEART, and GOLD HEART symbols. Any winning combination with 1 or more WILD that is part of the winning combination pays double. BONUS only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Values shown on HEART on any individual spin can be awarded only if the LOCK IT FEATURE is triggered on that spin. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the bet per line. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. FEATURE SELECTION 3 scattered BONUS symbols award 5x total bet and a choice of a feature. Select to play the FREE SPINS BONUS or the LOCK IT FEATURE. If the LOCK IT FEATURE is selected, 1 spin is awarded on an alternate reel set which guarantees 3, 4, or 5 HEART symbols on a random row to trigger the feature. HEART symbol is the only symbol evaluated during the feature triggering spin. FREE SPINS BONUS BONUS symbol only appears on reels 2,3 and 4. HEART symbols do not appear in free spins. If FREE SPINS BONUS is selected on the Feature Selection screen, 6 free spins are awarded. During free spins, 3 scattered BONUS symbols award an additional 6 free spins and 5x total bet. During FREE SPINS BONUS, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. The bet per line and the active payline remains the same as the spin that triggered the Bonus. All BONUS symbols monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet. BONUS symbol pays are added to the payline wins. On each of the free spins, all wins are multiplied by a multiplier based on the number of WILD appearing on screen. 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 WILD awards a multiplier of 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 respectively. The Feature Selection cannot be awarded during free games. Any WILD in a winning combination does not double the pay. LOCK IT FEATURE A monetary award up to 100x total bet appears on each HEART in Base Game. During reel spin, a few HEARTS can be randomly replaced with GOLD HEART. GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI may appear on each GOLD HEART on reel 3. MINOR or MINI may appear on each GOLD HEARTS on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. Any combination of 3, 4, or 5 HEART symbols on the same row triggers the LOCK IT FEATURE and awards 3, 4, or 5 spins respectively. At the start of the LOCK IT FEATURE, 1x total bet will be placed on each GOLD HEART appearing on the triggering row. All feature symbols that triggered the feature will be joined together, surrounded by a border, and locked in place. During each LOCK IT Spin: Any additional HEART that lands will be held for the remainder of the feature. HEART landing during the feature will not have an initial cash prize appearing on it. When HEART lands adjacent to a border, the border will expand to surround it. If 3 or more HEARTS land adjacent to each other, a border will surround them. If the number of surrounded HEART symbols increases, then 1x total bet will be added to each surrounded HEART and the number of heart spins remaining is reset to the number awarded to start the feature. At the end of the feature, the value on all HEART symbols is awarded. If all 15 positions are covered by feature symbols, the value on each HEART symbol increases by an additional 2x total bet and the feature ends. All multiplier values on linked HEART symbols are added together and multiplied by the total bet. The LOCK IT FEATURE uses an alternate set of reels. All symbols other than HEART appearing on these reels will be grayed out and are not evaluated. On the spin that triggers the feature, feature symbols that are not part of the triggering row are not evaluated. LOCK IT FEATURE spins do not award additional features. LEGAL PAGE In accordance with fair play gaming practices, the outcome of each game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The expected return for this game is 96.02%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Last modification date: 12/9/2022