Liberty CashSpins Introduction Liberty Cash Spins is a 25 win line slot game, featuring expanding wilds, bonus chance, a Cash Spins bonus and Spin Chance. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay' s to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 25 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except Bonus, starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Any wild symbol that lands in view will expand vertically to fill the reel. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the base game only. Features Cash Spins Bonus Entry Bonus symbols appear on all reels. 6 bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the Cash Spins bonus. Bonus Chance 4-5 bonus symbols landing in view forming a complete 2x2 square will award a Bonus Chance. After base game wins have been paid, the 2x2 square will merge into a Bonus Chance wheel. If the Bonus Chance wheel stops with the pointer in the green bonus section, then additional bonus symbols will be added to trigger the Cash Spins bonus. Cash Spins Bonus The Cash Spins bonus starts with 3 spins. Each time a spin is used, all positions that do not contain a bonus symbol re-spin. If a new bonus symbol lands in view, the spins remaining are reset to 3. After each respin, the bonus wheels will merge to form the largest possible wheel size. The possible wheel sizes are: 1x1, 2x2, 3x3 and 5x3. Once all spins have been used, or all positions contain bonus symbols, the cash wheels will be spun one at a time. For each wheel, the player will be awarded the value indicated by the pointer. The values displayed on the wheels are multiples of the player’s stake. MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA prizes will award the stake multiple shown above the reels. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Liberty Cash Spins is a 25 win line slot game, featuring expanding wilds, bonus chance, a Cash Spins bonus and Spin Chance. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction Voids all plays and pays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.70% Last modification date: 6/29/2021