Legends of Troy The Siege RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 12.8 - HIGH GAME RULES Only the highest win is paid for scatter symbol combination. Scatter symbols award in any position in the play area. Scatter symbol wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and play. BASE GAME The base game has 9 distinct play areas, each consisting of 4 symbol positions across 2 reels. When all 4 symbol positions in a given play area are filled with the same symbol, those 4 symbols fuse together to form a large version of that symbol. Only large symbols can form winning combinations. If any of the 9 play areas was not charged or part of a winning combination for 20 consecutive base game spins then that play area becomes charged for the next 4 base game spins. A play area that was not charged or part of a winning combination for 15 or fewer consecutive base game spins and is not currently charged may randomly become charged. If a charged play area is part of a winning combination that awards credits then that winning combination receives a multiplier depending on the number of charged play areas in that winning combination. When placing a bet with a different bet multiplier than the previous bet multiplier, all charged play areas become uncharged and all progress towards earning a charged play area is reset. FREE GAMES During the base game, 3 or more large Treasure Chest Symbols appearing in any position on the reels starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 large Treasure Chest Symbols awards 7 free games. 4 large Treasure Chest Symbols awards 10 free games. Treasure Chest Symbols are scatter symbols. At the start of each free game a random number of reels become charged for that free game. If a charged reel is part of a winning combination that awards credits, that winning combination receives a multiplier depending on the number of charged reels in that winning combination. The Free Games Bonus is played on 9 reels and uses different reels than the base game. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 9/7/2022