Lightning Box Keno Lightning Box Keno is a Bet 50 Keno game with 80 numbers in base game & 3x5 Reel screen matrix for the feature. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) ranges between 96.00% and 96.19% Keno Rules Play bet 50 for Keno round and eligibility for Lightning Respin. Pick 3 to 10 numbers to win Keno prizes and jackpots. 20 Keno numbers are randomly drawn and shown on the board. Match your picked Keno numbers to the drawn numbers to win prizes based on the Keno prize table. Keno Prizes are multiplied by the total bet. “ Picks” displays the total number of picked numbers. “ Hits” displays the total number of drawn numbers matching a picked number. “ Bolt” displays the total number of Lightning Balls drawn. Lightning Balls may be randomly drawn. Drawing is complete when 20 drawn numbers have been shown on the board. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Scatter Lightning Ball Draw 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12 Lightning balls to trigger Lightning Respin. Lightning balls become prizes and are collected at the start of the Lightning Respin. Colossal Symbols 2x2 and 3x3 symbols split into multiple jackpots and prizes. Colossal symbols that randomly appear and split are: {Lightning jackpot} & {lightning bolt}. For example: Appears in Lightning Respin. Active Reels Active reels within respins are indicated by being surrounded by electricity. Dimmed reels are non-active reels. Lightning Respin Draw 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12 Lightning Balls to trigger Lightning Respin. When triggered, Lightning Balls become prizes and are collected at the start of the Lightning Respin. 25, 50, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 600, 800, 1200, 2000 or 4000 credits are available at min bet. All Scatter wins shown at 1 credit bet and multiplied by the bet multiplier. 3 initial Respins are awarded. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Lightning Respin. Lightning Respin is played at the triggering bet. Lightning Jackpot Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Jackpot prizes are collected when a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Lightning Bolt lands on a Lightning Respin trigger or within an active reel/s during Lightning Respin. Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Lightning Jackpots. Mini, Minor, Major and Grand Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Lightning Respin. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Lightning Respins. Lightning Respin: Displays the number of respins left to play