Lightning Tiger Lightning Tiger is a Bet 40, 243 ways 3x5 Reel slot game with a Lightning Respin feature and Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. Game Rules Rules Play bet 40 for 243 Ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by bet multiplier except SCATTER Ruby which is multiplied by total bet. WILD Tiger is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERS. WILD Tiger appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTERS. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Lightning Bolt prizes are only collected once Lightning Respin is triggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Lightning Respin 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Lightning Respin. 3 initial Respins are awarded. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Lightning Respin. Lightning Respin is played at the triggering bet. Lightning Jackpot Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Jackpot prizes are collected when a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Lightning Bolt lands on a Lightning Respin triggering spin or within an active reel/s during Lightning Respin. Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Lightning Jackpots. Mini, Minor, Major and Grand Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Lightning Respin. Free Games 3, 4 or 5 {Scatter Ruby} triggers 8, 15 or 30 Free Games respectively. Colossal symbols may land on any spin and splits into individual symbols. Colossal symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Lightning Respin. At the conclusion of Lightning Respins, the game returns to any Free Games remaining. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Free Games can be retriggered with 3 or 4 Scatter Ruby only. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Lightning Respins and free games. Lightning Respin: Displays the number of respins left to play. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY. View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOPAUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. Menu Tab Buttons PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 3/26/2024