Legends of the Tomb RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: LOW GAME RULES The game automatically plays max lines times the bet multiplier. All 6 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. FREE GAMES BONUS The Free Games Bonus is awarded during the Wheel Bonus. The number of free games awarded is determined by the number of Pyramids that started the Wheel Bonus. 3 Pyramids awards 7 free games. 4 Pyramids awards 15 free games. During the base game, 3 or more Pyramids appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 starts the Wheel Bonus. Awards 1 wheel spin. If the Wheel Bonus was started with 3 Pyramids, the wheel has the following options, one of which will be awarded: 7 free games in the Free Games Bonus. Credit values between 60 and 400 times the bet multiplier If the Wheel Bonus was started with 4 Pyramids, the wheel has the following options, one of which will be awarded: 15 free games in the Free Games Bonus. Credit values between 250 and 1250 times the bet multiplier Pyramids appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Pyramids are scatter symbols. 200 free games have been played. Beetles are wild and substitutes for all symbols. Beetles expand left and substitutes for all symbols in the same position on each reel from the initial Beetle, up to and including reel 2. Wins are evaluated after Beetles expand. Beetles appear only on reels 3, 4, and 5. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play. Last modification date: 11/9/2022