Lock It Link Night Life BASE GAME WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS, HEART, and GOLD HEART. Any winning combination with 1 or more WILD that is part of the winning combination pays double. BONUS only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Values shown on HEART on any inidual spin can be awarded only if a bonus is triggered on that spin. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the bet per line. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. FEATURE SELECTION 3 scattered BONUS award 5x total bet and a choice of a feature. Select to play the Free Spin Bonus or the Lock It Feature. If the Lock It Feature is selected, 1 spin is awarded on an alternate reel set which guarantees 3, 4, or 5 HEART on a random row to trigger the feature. HEART is the only symbol evaluated during the feature triggering spin. GOLD HEART is not available. FREE SPIN FEATURE If Free Spin Bonus is selected on the Feature Selection screen, 6 free spins are awarded. During free spins, 3 scattered BONUS awards an additional 6 free spins and 5x total bet. 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 WILD awards a multiplier of 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 respectively. BONUS only appears on reels 2,3 and 4. Heart and GOLD HEART symbols do not appear in free spins. The Feature Selection cannot be awarded during free games. WILD in a winning combination does not double the pay. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. All line pays are multiplied by the bet per line and the spin multiplier. All scatter pay monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet and spin multiplier. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. LOCK IT FEATURE During reel spin a number of HEART can be randomly replaced with GOLD HEART. A monetary award up to 100x total bet appears on each HEART in Base Game. GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI may appear on each GOLD HEART on reel 3. MINOR or MINI may appear on each GOLD HEART on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. Any combination of 3, 4, or 5 HEART OR/AND GOLD HEART symbols on the same row triggers the Lock It feature and awards 3, 4, or 5 heart spins respectively. For GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI appearing on the row that triggered the Lock It feature, the Grand Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Minor jackpot, Mini Jackpot are awarded respectively at the end of Lock it feature. At the start of the Lock It feature, 1x total bet will be placed on each GOLD HEART appearing on the triggering row. All feature symbols that triggered the feature will be joined together, surrounded by a border, and locked in place. During each heart spin: Any additional HEART that lands will be held for the remainder of the feature. HEART landing during the feature will not have an initial cash prize appearing on it. When HEART lands adjacent to a border, the border will expand to surround it. If 3 or more HEART land adjacent to each other, a border will surround them. If the number of surrounded HEART increases, then 1x total bet will be added to each surrounded HEART and GOLD HEART, and the number of heart spins remaining is reset to the number awarded to start the feature. At the end of the feature, the value on all feature symbols is awarded. If all 15 positions are covered by feature symbols, the value on each feature symbol increases by an additional 2x total bet and the feature ends. Monetary award appearing on HEART and GOLD HEART have already been multiplied by the total bet. The heart spins use an alternate set of reels. All symbols other than HEART appearing on these reels will be grayed out and are not evaluated. On the spin that triggers the feature, feature symbols that are not part of the triggering row are not evaluated. Heart spins do not award additional features. PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be ided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021