Lion Link Horse Welcome to LION LINKHORSE featuring MYSTERY SYMBOLS, LION LINK, and FREE GAMES. MYSTERY SYMBOLS Before each spin, a number of Mystery Symbol on screen may open to reveal Wilds, Highs, Lows or Pearls. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. LION LINKFEATURE Each Pearl displays MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI, or a credit value of 1 - 75 x stake. Landing 6 or more Pearls during the base game will trigger the Lion Link Feature where 3 spins are awarded. All triggering Pearls lock into place and remain locked for the remainder of the feature. If any Pearls land on screen during the feature, additional spins are awarded to bring the remaining spins to 3. All Pearls that land during the feature are held for the remainder of the feature. If all positions are held, then the GRAND jackpot is awarded and no additional spins will be played. After all spins are complete, the value displayed on each Pearl is awarded. Any Pearl containing MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI awards the value displayed in the corresponding meter. Mystery Symbols and Scatters do not appear during the feature. Line pays are not evaluated during the Lion Link Feature. The Lion Link Feature cannot be retriggered during the Lion Link Feature. FREE GAMES 3 bonus symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 2x total bet and 8 free games. During the Free Games Bonus, Mystery Symbol becomes locked and moves to the left on each spin. On each spine, all Mystery Symbols on screen will open to reveal Wilds, Highs and Lows. Pearls and bonus symbols do not appear during Free Games. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. All symbol payouts are calculated using the base bet. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. LEGAL In the event of disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 94%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94% Last modification date: 2/3/2026