Le Viking ABOUT THE GAME After a long journey at sea, our sneaky raccoon has finally set foot on solid ground again. The question now is not so much where, but when? Smokey is back once more - back in time, that is - and this time he is going exploring in the Viking Age! Join Smokey on his journey and bring out your inner norseman to make Oden proud! Le Viking™ is a 6-reel, 5-row game with Ways wins where a max win of 10 000 times your bet is up for grabs in a grand total of four bonus games and an extra re-spins mode! The max win can be reached in all game modes including Raid Spins. FEATURES RAID SPINS RE-SPIN MODE Land 6 Coins of any kind at the same time in the base game and you will enter the Raid Spins re-spin mode. This re-spin mode gives you 3 refilling lives and contains only dead symbols, Coins, Diamonds and Clover symbols. During the re-spin mode, all Coins, Diamonds, and both Green and Gold Clover symbols are sticky until the re-spin mode ends. These symbols are dead symbols that have no effect: During Raid Spins each re-spin consumes 1 life. Land a Coin, Diamond, or Clover of any kind and your lives are refilled to 3. Getting 3 spins in a row with only dead symbols will end the re-spin mode. At the end of the re-spin mode all Coins and Diamonds on the grid reveal a random cash value depending on the symbol type. The revealed values are calculated based on your current bet. If the value of a Coin or Diamond symbol is too large to be fully displayed, it will be shortened to 2 decimal places. The value displayed will always be the minimum amount you may be awarded. The actual awarded amount may be greater than the displayed value, but never less than the displayed value. Bronze Coins can reveal values based on the following bet multipliers: 0.2x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x Silver Coins can reveal values based on the following bet multipliers: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x Gold Coins can reveal values based on the following bet multipliers: 25x, 50x, 100x Diamonds can reveal values based on the following bet multipliers: 150x, 250x, 500x After all Coins and Diamonds have been revealed, any Clover symbols on the grid will activate. There are two types of Clover symbols: Green Clover and Gold Clover. Green Clover symbols multiply Coins and Diamonds on adjacent squares with one of the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 Gold Clover symbols multiply all Coins and Diamonds on the grid with one of the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 Once all reveals and activations have been completed, all Coin and Diamond symbol values will be added together to determine the final win amount for the re-spins mode. BERSERK FREE SPINS Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 3 refilling lives. The following symbols appear in this bonus: dead symbols, Coins, Diamonds, Green and Gold Clovers, Heart symbols, and Magic Cauldron symbols. At the start of the bonus, the positions of the FS scatter symbols that activated the bonus feature will be given Grid Multipliers with x2 multipliers. Grid Multipliers are sticky and stay in place until the end of the bonus feature. When a Magic Cauldron symbol lands all Grid Multipliers and Clover symbols are activated and apply their multipliers to any Coins, Diamonds or previous Magic Cauldrons in their area of effect. Clover symbols behave the same as in Raid Spins and have the same multiplier values (see above), and may affect any adjacent Coins, Diamonds and Magic Cauldron symbols. Grid Multipliers affect any Coins or Diamonds on the corresponding grid position. All Coins, Diamonds, and previous Magic Cauldron symbols are then collected into the newest Magic Cauldron, which remains on the grid until it’s collected or the feature ends. Each Magic Cauldron symbol cannot collect more than once. Each spin in the bonus game consumes 1 life. Whenever any symbol that is not a dead symbol lands, your lives are refilled to the maximum amount. Once all lives are consumed, the bonus will end. Landing a Heart symbol increases your maximum number of lives in the current bonus game by 1, up to a maximum of 5. At the end of the bonus feature all Coins and Diamonds on the grid reveal a random cash value depending on the symbol type. These cash values are the same as in Raid Spins (see above). All Grid Multipliers and Clover symbols will then activate to multiply any Coins, Diamonds, or Magic Cauldron symbols in their area of effect. Finally, all Coins, Diamonds and Magic Cauldron symbol values will be added together to determine the final win amount for the bonus game. VALKYRIE FREE SPINS Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 3 refilling lives. This bonus game retains the mechanics from the BERSERK bonus feature, but with 4 Grid Multipliers at the start (one for each triggering FS symbol), with x3 multipliers. RAGNARÖK FREE SPINS Land 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 3 refilling lives. This bonus game retains the mechanics from the BERSERK and VALKYRIE bonus features, but with 5 Grid Multipliers at the start (one for each triggering FS symbol), with x5 multipliers. JOURNEY TO VALHALLA FREE SPINS Land 6 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 3 refilling lives. This bonus game retains the mechanics from the BERSERK, VALKYRIE and RAGNARÖK bonus features, but with 6 Grid Multipliers at the start (one for each triggering FS symbol), with x10 multipliers. In addition, Bronze and Silver coins don’t appear in this bonus, drastically increasing your chances of getting big wins! SPECIAL SYMBOLS Normal paying symbols do not appear in any bonus game or in Raid Spins. FS symbols do not appear in any bonus game or in Raid Spins. Magic Cauldron symbols cannot land on Grid Multipliers. Once you have reached the maximum number of lives for a bonus game, Heart symbols will no longer appear in the current bonus game round. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Each winning combination of matching symbols creates a winning way. The number of possible ways in this game is 15625. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. RTP: 95.3% Last modification date: 12/10/2025