Montezuma™ Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. WILD only appears on reels 2-4. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Free Spin Feature 3 or more scattered FEATURE trigger the free spin feature. 5 scattered FEATURE pays 10x total bet. 4 scattered FEATURE pays 10x total bet. 3 scattered FEATURE pays 3x total bet. The number of free spins and retrigger spins awarded is determined by a spin of the wheel (3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15 or 25). During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. At the start of each spin, a wheel spins above the reels and reveals a spin multiplier (2x, 3x, 5x or 10x). All line pays are multiplied by the bet per line and the spin multiplier. 2 or more scattered FEATURE award additional free spins to the amount of Free Spins remaining. All additional free spins use the multiplier of the triggering spin. All scatter pay monetary awards have already been multiplied by the total bet and spin multiplier. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Bonus Guarantee Any feature ending with less than 10x total bet is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the feature. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.86%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021