Monopoly 250K HOW TO PLAY Special base game symbols WILD BIG WHEEL BONUS CHANCE MYSTERY Feature only symbols '+2' SYMBOL LAMP SWITCH Game Introduction Monopoly 250K showcases a Big Wheel Bonus which awards cash prizes and four exciting features! Play now for a chance to win the extremely lucrative Super Jackpot! This game contains 25 reels which are displayed in a 5x5 format. WILD substitutes for all symbols except for the Big Wheel Bonus. RTP is 95.49%. Select your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your bet. Press the "SPIN" button to initiate the game. Super Jackpot There is a chance to trigger the Super Jackpot on any base game spin which doesn't result in a line win payout. The Super Jackpot award is listed in the game paytable. Chance and Mystery Features Land CHANCE and MYSTERY symbols in the base game and in the Railroad Bonus. At the end of each spin, all CHANCE and MYSTERY symbols will be replaced with other symbols, as stated in the paytable. Community Chest Bonus This feature can randomly trigger in the base game if the Big Wheel Bonus is not awarded. Pick 1 of 3 cards for a line win multiplier. Potential awards include 2x, 3x, 5x and 10x multipliers, which will be awarded for all line wins for that spin. Big Wheel Bonus Land BIG WHEEL BONUS in positions 1, 13, and 25 to start the Big Wheel Bonus. One wheel spin is awarded for a chance to win a cash prize or one of the following features. Free Parking Bonus Railroad Bonus Electric Company bonus Go to Jail Bonus Free Parking Bonus Select 5 of the 23 cars. Each selected car will reveal and award either a cash prize or a JACKPOT symbol. Cash prizes range from 1x to 7x total bet. Reveal 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 JACKPOT symbols to be awarded 10x, 20x, 40x, 100x or 400x the total bet, respectively. Railroad Bonus Upon entering this feature, 8 free games are awarded. The train above the reel set awards line win multipliers or cash prizes each spin Cash prizes range from 1x to 5x the total bet. Line win multipliers can be between 2x and 10x, and are awarded once the spin has completed. Electric Company Bonus Upon entering this feature, 10 free games are awarded. Land LAMP symbols on the reels, then switch them on by landing a SWITCH on the 25th reel to be awarded cash amounts. Cash awards from 50x to 1000x bet per line are available on each LAMP. Win additional free games by landing "+2" symbols on the 25th reel. Go to Jail Bonus Upon entering this feature, 3 attempts are awarded to roll the dice. The aim is to roll a double to get out of jail. The Bonus will end if a double is rolled. Swipe to roll the dice. Earn larger cash awards for rolling a double in fewer attempts. A prize list is displayed in the game paytable Win lines This game contains 40 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the game paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only active win lines can register wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Legal Information The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment. Other intellectual property, including the look and feel of the game and certain individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. Last modification date: 12/29/2021