Mighty Wild: Jaguar Santa's Jackpots The game has 15 independent reels on a 3x5 grid. There are no regular symbols in the base game and prizes can only be won in the Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. Drawing at least 6 Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus symbols activates the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus symbols include Cash, Cash Infinity™, MINI, MINOR, and MAJOR Jackpot symbols, Collector, Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols. Drawing at least 6 Wild Rampage™ Bonus symbols activates the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. Wild Rampage™ Bonus symbols include Jaguar, Jaguar Mystery, Jaguar Mystery Jackpot and Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ symbols. SPECIAL FEATURES CASH INFINITY™ Cash Infinity™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. All sticky Cash Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. If the Cash Infinity™ symbol is drawn on the reels, it increases the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. Cash Infinity™ symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-10x player's bet. However, the prize will be paid at the end of the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game. STICKY TO INFINITY™ Two types of Jaguar Mystery Jackpot and Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game: symbols that stick to the reels for 5-9 spins, symbols with the Sticky to Infinity™ feature that stick to the reels until the end of the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. All Jaguar Mystery Jackpot and Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. If Jaguar Mystery Jackpot and Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ symbols are drawn on the reels, they increase the chances of activating the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. HOLD THE JACKPOT™ BONUS GAME The game is played on 15 reels. All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. During Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game only Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus symbols can be drawn on the reels. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-5x player's bet. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and multiplies them randomly by 1-10x. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Hold The Jackpot™ Bonus symbol, apart from Cash Infinity™ symbols. Jackpot Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols. Mystery and Jackpot Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR, MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 15 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 750x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. WILD RAMPAGE™ BONUS GAME Drawing at least 6 Wild Rampage™ Bonus symbols activates the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. During Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game only Wild Rampage™ Bonus symbols can be drawn on the reels. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Jaguar Mystery symbol can transform into Jaguar, MINI, MINOR or MAJOR Jaguar Jackpot symbols. Jaguar Mystery Jackpot symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR or MAJOR Jaguar Jackpot symbols. Jaguar Mystery and Jaguar Mystery Jackpot symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. At the end of the Bonus Game, a multiplier ranging from 2-5x is randomly drawn for the Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ symbol. If the Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ symbol is a part of a winning combination, it multiplies the value of that bet line win. MINI, MINOR, and MAJOR Jaguar Jackpot symbols can only be drawn using Jaguar Mystery or Jaguar Mystery Jackpot symbols and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. When the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Jaguar symbols bet line wins from leftmost to right, on consecutive reels, including Jaguar Mystery Multiplier™ if applicable, and Jaguar Jackpot wins, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Jaguar and Jaguar Jackpot symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 15 Wild Rampage™ Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 750x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Jaguar symbol bet line wins and Jaguar Jackpot wins are not added to it. CHANCE LEVEL™ The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: Chance Level™ x2 – the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you a 2x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x5 - the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you a 5x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. Chance Level™ x10 - the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you a 10x higher chance of activating the Hold the Jackpot™ Bonus Game and the Wild Rampage™ Bonus Game. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet in both the base game and the Bonus Game. Sticky symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing Chance Level™ and only appear on the Chance Level™ they were obtained on. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.14% Player Return Percentage (% RTP – Percentage Return to Player) is the expected percentage of bets that a particular Game will return to the Player in the long run. It is equal to the total amount of contributions to the total returns. STANDARD BET VALUES Minimum bet per spin: USD 0.10 Maximum bet per spin: USD 100 MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. [S][space] Autoplay Settings (if available) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: [A] Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. [+ / - ][up arrow key / down arrow key] Click and hold the minus or plus buttons to set the bet value to min or max. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. [+ / - ][up arrow key / down arrow key] Click and hold the minus or plus buttons to set the bet value to min or max. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. [G] To Credit Claim your win without next spin. [T] Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast (if available) play modes. [F] Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. [K] Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. [R] The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. [F11] Volatility Levels™ Choose your favorite game style [left arrow key / right arrow key] Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. Each draw is independent of the previous one and has the same probability of winning. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: USD 75,000 Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 12/16/2025