Monopoly Electric Wins PAYTABLE: WILD Symbol substitutes for any other symbol except for the ELECTRIC BULB symbol. WILD Symbol only appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. Any ELECTRIC BULB symbol appearing on reel 6 will turn every Wild symbol displayed on the reels into Wild X2. ELECTRIC BULB Symbol only appears on reel 6. Any combination containing a Wild X2 will be multiplied by 2 x the number of wilds in the winning combination. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. If a WILD X2 symbol appears in a winning combination, it will multiply the pay by 2. If multiple WILD X2 symbols are part of the same winning combination, the multiplier value of each WILD X2 will be added together. For example, if 3 WILD X2 symbols are part of the same winning combination, the pay will be multiplied by 6. When multiple ways of the same symbol are affected by different amounts of WILD X2, the highest WILD X2 multiplier value will be applied. 729 ways combo pay evaluation sample : In the above case, both ways pay will be multiplied by BOARD FEATURE: Each bet level corresponds to a board state. If the bet changes, the board state will change to the corresponding board state for that bet Each time the SPIN button is pressed, the reels spin and 2 dice are The player moves on the board according to the number obtained on the dice. When the player lands on an unowned property, the property is marked as "owned". All properties of the same colour must be owned before any property development can take Developments do not need to be uniform across the property set. For example, a set can have 1 hotel on a property, 1 house on another, Once a player owns all properties in a colour set, they build houses by landing on a property in the owned set. Houses are built one at a time. After 4 houses are built, the subsequent development is a hotel. One (1) hotel is the maximum development for any given Special Tiles Events Free Parking When landing on FREE PARKING, "owned", houses or hotel developments are placed randomly on the board. Free Parking can trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Houses and hotels can be built via Free Parking even if all other properties in the colour set are not owned. Free Parking canbuild multiple houses on a single property. In the event that Free Parking completes more than one hotel set, a single Free Spin trigger is awarded. Depending on the state of the board, the Free Parking feature may not mark properties as owned, or place houses or hotels. Go to Jail When landing on GO TO JAIL, the player is sent to JAIL SQUARE. They will be able to leave JAIL SQUARE on the next spin. Chance When landing on CHANCE, additional CHANCE symbols will be added to the reels. All CHANCE will reveal the same symbol at the end of the spin. The CHANCE feature can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. Community Chest When landing on COMMUNITY CHEST, a 2 x 2 or 3 x 3 CHEST will be placed randomly on the reels which will reveal a symbol at the end of the reel spin. If an ELECTRIC BULB Symbol appears on the 6th reel, the CHEST will always reveal a WILD symbol. The COMMUNITY CHEST feature can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. Railroad When landing on RAILROAD, the player is moved randomly to a different coloured property on the board. By doing so, if the player completes a set of hotels, the Free Spins are triggered. The RAILROAD feature can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. Ring When landing on RING, all low paying symbols are removed from the reels. The RING feature can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. In the event of a win, low symbols will be substituted for high symbols. If there is no win, no substitution will take place. Water Works When landing on WATER WORKS, WILD symbols will be placed randomly on the reels. The WATER WORKS feature can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. Electric Bulb When landing on ELECTRIC BULB, an ELECTRIC BULB symbol is guaranteed to land on the 6th reel. The ELECTRIC BULB can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus. FREE SPINS BONUS: The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when a full set of hotels (2 or 3 depending on the property colour) is developed on a set of coloured properties. In the event that Free Parking completes more than one hotel set, a single Free Spin trigger is awarded. The player is then awarded 4 to 16 Free Spins, according to the number obtained on the thrown dice. If the initial dice roll is less than 5, the dice are rerolled and the result is added to the first roll. The spins during the Free Spins Bonus can trigger all the same features on the board as during normal spins. Free spins can be retriggered by completing additional hotel sets during the Free Spins Bonus. The player is then awarded 4 to 16 Free Spins, according to the number obtained on the thrown dice. If the initial dice roll is less than 5, the dice are rerolled and the result is added to the first roll. During the Free Spins Bonus, an alternate set of reels is used and the player moves on the board according to all standard board rules. The player will be paid when landing on properties with developments. The property pay range depends on the colour of the property as well as the number of developments on the property at the time. At the end of the Free Spins Bonus, all property developments are removed from the board. GAME RULES: 729 Ways to win. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. All way pays are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 20. WILD Symbol substitutes for any other symbol except for the ELECTRIC BULB symbol. WILD Symbol only appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. ELECTRIC BULB Symbol only appears on reel 6. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250.000,00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. DISCLAIMERS: In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. All awards shown are per symbol, per winning line. Free Spin uses the same award card as the base game spin that triggered the Free Spins. LEGAL NOTICES: The expected return for this game is 96.30%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro, Inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. © 1935, 2020 Hasbro. All Rights reserved. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 3/30/2021