Midnight Eclipse RTP 96.0% VOLATILITY: 6.5 GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Double Wild Symbol, Triple Wild Symbol, and Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Double Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 Wild Symbols. 1 Triple Wild Symbol substitutes for 3 Wild Symbols. Wild Symbols appear only on reels 4 and 5. 1 Double High Pay Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay symbol 1 Triple High Pay Symbol 1 substitutes for 3 High Pay 1 symbols Free Games During the base game, 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus Awards 6 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Double Wild symbol and Free Games Triple Wild symbol. 1 Free Games Double Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games Wild symbols. 1 Free Games Triple Wild Symbol substitutes for 4 Free Games Wild symbols. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Free Games Wild symbol appearing in any position on the reels locks that position for the remaining free games. Locked Free Games Wild symbols transforms into Free Games Double Wild symbols for the next free game, and into Free Games Triple Wild symbols for subsequent free games. Free Games Double Wild symbol and Free Games Triple Wild symbol appear only as a result of Free Games Wild symbols transformation. Last modification date: 9/12/2023