Medusa Medusa Medusa is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games, Re-Spin and Bonus Features to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the selectable lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.42%. Game Rules Play 1 to 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered Logo which pays any Medusa appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except scattered Logo and Pegasus Once Bitten Bonus WIN 10 Free Games with all prizes DOUBLED when 3 or more scattered Logo appear Soldier symbol is added to Reel 3 and awards up to 3 SUPER SPINS every time he appears All accumulated SUPER SPINS are played after the Free Games, with all prizes MULTIPLIED BY 5 Free Games and SUPER SPINS can be re-triggered Turned to Stone Respins cannot be won during Free Games or SUPER SPINS Free Games and SUPER SPINS are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Games and SUPER SPINS wins are added to payline and scatter wins Turned to Stone Respins WIN 3 Re-spins with all prizes TRIPLED when 3 Medusa appear Reel 2, 3 or 4 becomes an EXPANDED WILD during the Re-spins Re-spins cannot be re-triggered Once Bitten Bonus and Pegasus Bonus cannot be won during Re-spins Re-spins are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Re-spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins Pegasus Bonus Pegasus Bonus is awarded when 3 scattered Pegasus appear Pick a Pegasus and win the prize revealed - up to 50 times the triggering bet In addition to the prize, a second pick or 'win all' may also be awarded Pegasus Bonus can be won during the Free Games and SUPER SPINS Pegasus Bonus wins are multiplied by 2 or 5 when triggered during the Free Games or SUPER SPINS, respectively Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (-) and (+) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines : Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 3/15/2017