Monopoly Heights BASE GAME WILD substitutes for all symbols except for scatter symbols. WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. HOTEL is a scatter symbol. Land at least 1 HOTEL symbol for a chance to win Jackpots. HOTEL appears on reels 1 and 5 only in the base game. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All Reel Ways pays must occur on adjacent reel, beginning with the far left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. EXPANDING REELS FEATURE When the Expanding Reels Feature is triggered, all symbols on screen will lock into place and remain locked for the duration of the feature. One new row will then be added to the top of the reel set. The number of ways will increase accordingly. The new row of symbols will spin. If any new MR. MONOPOLY symbols land to create new winning combinations or improve existing winning combinations, this row of symbols will lock into place and a new row will be added to the top of the reel set. Pays are evaluated after the feature ends. Any new row of symbols will spin automatically during this feature. Each expansion uses an alternate set of reels. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game, except WILD does not appear on reel 1 during any expansion, WILD does not appear on reel 5 on the 2nd or 3rd expansion row, and WILD does not appear on reel 4 on the 3rd expansion row. JACKPOT FEATURE Land HOTEL on both reel 1 and reel 5 to trigger the Jackpot Feature. Landing HOTEL on either reel 1 OR reel 5 may randomly trigger the Jackpot Feature. The Jackpot Feature is not available on any spin that triggers the Expanding Reels Feature. During the Jackpot Feature, a pick field is displayed with 32 Bonus Cards to pick from. Picks reveal MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND and fill 1 space below the corresponding jackpot meter. Picks are made until all spaces are filled for 1 jackpot according to the following table, and the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. Jackpot Number of Spaces Award GRAND 8 2500x total bet MAJOR 5 125x total bet MINOR 4 25x total bet MINI 3 10x total bet REEL WAYS Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the far left reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. LEGAL Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 95.85%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment. ©1935, 2019 Hasbro. All rights reserved. Used with permission. The look and feel of the game and its inidual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and ©2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020