Majestic Cats RTP: 96.5% Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet Multiplier. Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus and Double Free Games Bonus. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild, High Pay 1, High Pay 2, High Pay 3, High Pay 4, High Pay 5, Double High Pay 1, Double High Pay 2, Double High Pay 3, Double High Pay 4, Double High Pay 5, Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, Low Pay 3, Low Pay 4, or Low Pay 5. All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Free Games bonus During the base game, 5 or more Free Games Bonus Symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 starts the Free Games Bonus. 5 awards 5 free games, 6 awards 7 free games, 7 awards 10 free games, 8 awards 15 free games. 1 Double Free Games Bonus symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games Bonus symbols. Free Games Bonus and Double Free Games Bonus symbols are scatter symbols, and only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically played on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Free Games Double High Pay 1, Free Games Double High Pay 2, Free Games Double High Pay 3, Free Games Double High Pay 4, and Free Games Double High Pay 5. All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Last modification date: 9/28/2021