Monster Wins Untitled Document Game Rules 50 coins plays 1024 ways Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the bet Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added Winning combinations can occur anywhere on all reels Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any WILD appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Malfunction voids all pays and plays Unleash The Boss Monster Feature If BOSS MONSTER lands in all 4 positions on Reel 1, the UNLEASH THE BOSS MONSTER FEATURE is awarded Additional BOSS MONSTER SYMBOLS are revealed Wins are paid after the completion of the UNLEASH THE BOSS MONSTER FEATURE Boss Monster Free Game Feature 3 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more SCATTER appear BOSS MONSTER is held in all 4 positions on Reel 1 for the duration of the free games Free Games can be retriggered Free Games are played at the reels and bet of the trigger game Gamble Features (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. RTP The Theoretical return to player is 97.112%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020