Mississippi Stud Poker Overview Mississippi Stud is a poker game that uses a standard deck of 52 cards, which is reshuffled between each game. Unlike most poker games, the player's hand isn't compared against the house's hand or other player's hands. The player's hand is compared against the paytable. Players start out by placing a bet in the ANTE bet area on the table. Five cards are then dealt face-down. Three of these cards are community cards, the other two cards belong to the player. The player's two cards are revealed. To reveal each of the three community cards, the player must make 3rd, 4th and 5th Street bets. After each bet, one community card is revealed. The player is given a choice for each Street bet - to wager 1x, 2x or 3x the ANTE bet or to FOLD. When prompted to make the 3rd or 4th Street bets, the player can choose to make 3x ANTE bets on all remaining Street bets during game play by selecting MAX BET ALL. Once all the cards have been revealed, the complete hand of five cards is compared with the paytable and paid out accordingly. There is also an optional 3 Card Bonus side bet which pays out based on the three community cards. This side bet can only be made before the cards are dealt. How to Play To begin the game, the player must place a bet in the ANTE bet area. The 3 Card Bonus bet is optional. Five cards are dealt to the table. The player's two cards are revealed. The three community cards remain face down. The player must decide whether to FOLD or BET. Choosing to fold the hand will forfeit the ANTE bet and end the game. If the player chooses to bet, they must decide whether to bet 1x, 2x or 3x the ANTE bet. This is the 3rd Street bet. The first community card is then revealed. The player must choose whether to FOLD or BET. This is the 4th Street bet and must be equal to 1x, 2x or 3x the ANTE bet. The second community card is then revealed. The player must choose whether to FOLD or BET. This is the 5th Street bet and must be equal to 1x, 2x or 3x the ANTE bet. The final community card is then revealed. The player is paid out accordingly for both the Ante and the 3rd, 4th and 5th Street bets, and the 3 Card Bonus. The player's hand and the community cards make up a five-card hand. The Ante and 3rd/4th/5th Street bets are paid out against the paytable for this five-card hand. The three community cards make up a three-card hand. The 3 Card Bonus is paid out against the paytable for this three-card hand. The 3 Card Bonus bet is evaluated even if the player folds their hand during game play. Select NEW GAME to begin a new game. Select REBET & DEAL to begin a new game with the previous selected bet(s) and to deal a new game. Hand Rankings In Mississippi Stud's base bet, 5-card hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows: Royal Flush (contains the following cards of the same suit: A, K, Q, J, 10) Straight Flush (contains five cards in sequential value and of the same suit) Four of a Kind (contains four cards of the same value) Full House (contains three matching cards of one value and two matching cards of another value) Flush (contains five cards of the same suit) Straight (contains five cards of sequential value in at least two different suits) Three of a Kind (contains three cards of the same value) Two Pair (contains two cards of the same value, plus two more of another matching value) Pair of Jacks or Better (contains a single pair of Jacks, Queens, Kings or Aces) Pair of 6s to 10s (contains a single pair of 6s, 7s, 8s, 9s or 10s) In Mississippi Stud’s optional side bet, 3 Card Bonus, 3-card hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows: Royal Flush (contains A-K-Q of the same suit) Straight Flush (all cards are in sequential value and of the same suit) Three of a Kind (contains three cards of the same value) Straight (contains three cards of sequential rank in at least two different suits) Flush (contains three cards of the same suit) Pair (contains two cards of the same value) For all hand rankings, note that the value of a card ascends sequentially from 2-10, and then according to the following: Jack (denoted by a J) Queen (denoted by a Q) King (denoted by a K) Ace (denoted by an A) When evaluating a hand, only the highest possible rank within the Player's cards is considered (while a Straight Flush contains both a Straight and a Flush, it is calculated solely as a Straight Flush). Ace is high except in 5-4-3-2-Ace sequence. Payouts The payouts for the Ante, 3rd, 4th and 5th Street bets are as follows: Royal Flush 500 : 1 Straight Flush 100 : 1 Four of a Kind 40 : 1 Full House 10 : 1 Flush 6 : 1 Straight 4 : 1 Three of a Kind 3 : 1 Two Pair 2 : 1 Pair of Jacks or Better 1 : 1 Pair of 6s to 10s PUSH The payouts for the 3 Card Bonus are as follows: Royal Flush 50 : 1 Straight Flush 40 : 1 Three of a Kind 30 : 1 Straight 6 : 1 Flush 4 : 1 Pair 1 : 1 Limits The maximum bet for the Ante is 50.00 The maximum win for Ante is 25,050.00 The maximum win for 3rd, 4th and 5th Street bets is 75,150.00 each The maximum bet for the 3 Card Bonus is 50.00 The maximum win for the 3 Card Bonus is 2,550.00 Push When a bet is pushed, it is returned to the player with no additional winnings. The expected return for this game is as follows: Mississippi Stud: 98.63% 3 Card Bonus: 97.86% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. These values are based on the optimal strategy, as described by www.wizardofodds.com. Disclaimer Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed: 250,000.00 In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chance of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved.