Moirai Blaze Moirai Blaze is a 7 by 7 match win game, featuring Exploders, Replacers, Wilds, Free Tumbles and Free Spins with the Ganesha Powerball feature awarding an incrementing multiplier. You play a fixed 20 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/20. The spin button ploys the game at the current bet valve. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE and are the same for each of the 7 regular symbols Wins are made when 5 or more identical symbols are adjacently connected to each other (not diagonally). When a win is paid all winning symbols are destroyed and symbols from above will tumble down and replace them, then the game will check for wins again. Wild symbols simultaneously counts as all non-wild/non-feature symbols. An additional special symbol that with be either an Exploder or a Replacer symbol will be awarded after 25 and 50 symbols tumbled 15 Free Spins are awarded upon 100 or more symbols tumbled You can see the number of symbols tumbled so far on the right of the board The feature symbols activate when there are no wins on the board. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 2000 per game round or 40,000 coins. If the payout exceeds these amount for any reason then the payout will be instead reduced to this amount. EXPLODER AND REPLACER FEATURE SYMBOLS during regular game The Exploder symbol can work in one of two ways, EITHER it tumbles all symbols in a cross and diagonal shape (all 8 basic directions) OR all symbols of a certain type. It always leaves a wild behind in its place. Exploder and Replacer can replace Wilds but will not replace Exploder, Replacer or Ganesha Powerball, when selecting a symbol type they can only pick from the basic 7 symbol types. The Replacer symbol works in one of two ways. It EITHER replaces all symbols in a diagonal cross shape with symbols of a randomly selected type OR it replaces all symbols of a one type with another type. In Free Spins it will always replace with wilds instead of a random type. Free Spins 15 Free Spins are awarded by Successive Symbol Tumbles. The Ganesha Powerball symbol is activated during the Free Spins game, which gives a Free Respin and increases the global multiplier. The Global multipler increases any wins earned while it is in effect it does not affect wins that occured prior to the Powerball activation. The feature symbols collected inside Free Spins are recorded on the left panel. At the end of Free Spins, each symbol collected this way will be placed back on the board (maximum of 3 per feature symbol) The Replacer symbol will always replace using Wild symbols inside Free Spins Advanced Autoplay Options To set Advanced Autoplay Options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win o round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will r to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Sound page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music . Toggles background music on or off. Setting page Left handed spin. Swaps Bet and Spin button position. Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Autoplay Page Autoplay. See Advanced Autoplay Options earlier. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode}, click on a row to see all the available details. Bet settings page Display in coins. Toggles between coins and cash, it only affects total balance and winnings, bet is always displayed in cash using the current currency. Home page. Click the Home button to come back to the lobby. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00%. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020