Maximus Payus Introduction Maximus Payus is a 1024 ways, 5 reel slot game featuring 5 of a kind wins, big wins and a Free Spins bonus feature! How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the Free Spins bonus. 3 or more bonus symbols in view during the base game triggers the bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol during the base game and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules Wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a way to win. All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. All games are played with 1024 ways to win. WILDS substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. WILDS are only available on reels 2, 3 & 4. Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Bonus Features 5 of a Kind At random during a spin, Centurion can appear to award one or more 5 of a Kind winning combination(s). The 5 of a kind bonus isn't available during Free Spins and can only occur in the base game. Big Win At random during a spin, Centurion can appear to award a 'Big Win'. The Big Win bonus isn't available during Free Spins and can only occur in the base game. Free Spins Bonus 3 or more bonus symbols landing in view on the reels triggers the Free Spins bonus with multiplying WILDS. When a WILD symbol lands in view during Free Spins, it multiplies the total winnings for that spin by x2. If multiple WILDS land in view, they are multiplied together. For example, 3 WILDS multiply the total winnings for that spin by x8. 2 or more BONUS symbols landing in view during Free Spins awards additional Free Spins, as follows: - 2 bonus symbols awards 5 Free Spins (only during Free Spins). - 3 bonus symbols awards 8 Free Spins. - 4 bonus symbols awards 15 Free Spins. - 5 bonus symbols awards 20 Free Spins. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for this game is 95%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/25/2021