Montezuma Megaways WILD WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol except SCATTER symbol. WILD symbols are available only on the Montezuma Wheel. MEGAWAYS™ Each spin can have up to 117,649 Megaways™ to win! The number of symbols per reel does not affect the payout per symbol. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of the size. At the end of every spin, the number of ways for the spin is displayed under the Megaways™ logo. MEGAWAYS™ REELS The game consists of 6 main reels. Reels 1 and 6 can each have between 2 to 7 symbols per spin. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 each show between 2 to 6 symbols per spin. There is also an additional “Top Reel” which consists of 4 rows that spins horizontally. This “Top Reel” will contribute to winning combinations on the main reel set by acting as an extra row for reels 2-5. MEGAWAYS™ CASCADING REELS™ When there is one or more winning combination, the winning symbols will explode, and new symbols will take their place. Symbols will drop down on the main reels or fill in from the right on the top reel. Symbols do not transfer between the two reel sets. MONTEZUMA RESPIN WHEEL FEATURE After reels stop, on a non-winning spin, the Montezuma Respin Wheel may randomly re-spin and give the Player another chance to win. WILD symbols are available only on the Montezuma Wheel. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE 3 or more SCATTER symbols to trigger Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded is determined by a spin of the wheel. During Free Spins an alternate set of reels is used. During Free Spins, 2 or more SCATTER symbols award the Montezuma Multipliers. Montezuma Multipliers give the Player a spin on the Montezuma Multipliers Wheel. The wheel contains multiplier values and the result of the spin will be added to the current MEGAWAYS™ multiplier applied on subsequent spins. A MEGAWAYS™ win multiplier of x1 is awarded when Free Spins are awarded from a base game spin. The MEGAWAYS™ Multiplier is the Wheel multiplier. The MEGAWAYS™ win multiplier will increase by 1 each time a group of winning combinations is awarded. This is defined as one or more winning combination which causes a single cascade. The Montezuma Respin Wheel Feature is also available in the Free Spins. If the Montezuma Multiplier Wheel is triggered on the last spin of the Free Spins, the total win for the entire Free Spins is multiplied by the multiplier shown on the multiplier wheel. BONUS GUARANTEE If less than 30x total bet is awarded from winning combinations during Free Spins, a Bonus Guarantee of 30x total bet is awarded instead of the lower amount previously won. MONTEZUMA MULTIPLIERS During Free Spins, 2 or more SCATTER symbols award the Montezuma Multipliers. Montezuma Multipliers give the Player a spin on the Montezuma Multipliers Wheel. The wheel contains multiplier values and the result of the spin will be added to the current MEGAWAYS™ multiplier applied on subsequent spins. BUY PASS™ The BUY PASS feature allows direct access to the ‘Free Spins Bonus’. The cost of the BUY PASS Feature is equal to x85 total bet The Free Spins feature is played at the selected coin value when BUY PASS was triggered. No trigger win is awarded when FREE SPINS FEATURE is triggered via BUY PASS. BUY PASS cannot be activated during FREE SPINS. BUY PASS cannot be activated during Autoplay. BONUS BANK The ‘Bonus Bank’ reduces the cost of the Free Spins Bonus. ‘BANK WINS OFF’ adds all wins to balance. ‘BANK ALL WINS’ adds all wins to the ‘Bonus Bank’. ‘BANK SMALL WINS’ adds wins 3x stake or less to the ‘Bonus Bank’. On exiting the game, unused ‘Bonus Bank’ funds are added to balance. Wins can only be banked during the base game. GAME RULES MEGAWAYS™: up to 117, 649 ways to win. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol except SCATTER symbol. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. All awards are multiples of the total stake. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of the size. MEGAWAYS™ is used under license from Big Time Gaming. DISCLAIMERS In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. HOW TO PLAY Select your stake. To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 96.17%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The Theoretical Return to Player with Buy Pass is: 96.51% Last modification date: 9/28/2021