Murphy's Pots Murphy’s Pots is a Bet 25, 25-line 3x5 Reel slot game with a Rainbow Feature and Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.08% with any bet. Game Rules Play bet 25 for 25 lines. WILD Leprechaun substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERS. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER Pot which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Rainbow Feature – Cloud Pick 5 {Scatter Rainbow Cloud} trigger Rainbow Feature. Rainbow Feature triggered during Base Game awards a pick screen of 7 clouds that may reveal either a credit prize or 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x multiplier. Rainbow Feature triggered during Free Games awards a pick screen of 7 clouds that may reveal either a credit prize or 5x, 8x, 10x or 30x multiplier. All wins with Rainbow Feature trigger added to pot. If a credit prize is picked, win from the triggering game, bet amount and chosen prize are added to the pot. If a multiplier is picked, win from the triggering game and bet amount are added to the pot. All pot wins are multiplied by the chosen multiplier once the Leprechaun reaches the pot. Rainbow Feature – Rainbow Spins 7 spins are awarded to get to the pot. Each {Sun} moves Leprechaun forward by 1 position. Each {Cloud} moves Leprechaun backward by 1 position. Each {Boost} moves Leprechaun straight to the pot. {Boost} are possible from 3rd spin onwards. The sun prizes are collected in the pot and awarded once Leprechaun lands on it. Rainbow Feature is complete when Leprechaun lands on the left most or right most sides of the rainbow or when 7 spins are used. Rainbow Feature is part of a single game round. If an interruption occurs during Rainbow Feature, the end result will appear on screen whether it be a credited win amount or a loss. Free Games 3, 4 or 5 {Scatter Pot} trigger 10 Free Games. All wins with Wild substituting are 2x. More chances to win Rainbow Feature during Free games. Free Games can be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 5/4/2022