Monopoly Hot Offer Welcome to MONOPOLY HOT OFFER, with CASH-UP cash on reels, the COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFER gamble and DOUBLE UP free spins! ABOUT THE GAME MONOPOLY HOT OFFER is a 5 x 3 Video Slot, featuring all your Monopoly favourites and a hot twist! Collect CASH and win big with the COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFER gamble feature! Look out for super high HOTEL CASH for wins up to x5000! COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFERS Land 5 or more cash wad symbols on any spin to trigger the COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFER feature. Some wads will have cash values on them, some will be marked with a “?” to indicate that they are mystery values. The COMMUNITY CHEST panel will appear, you must decide to: CASH FROM CHEST: Win the over value shown in the panel (click the button with the CHEST icon) CASH FROM REELS: Reveal the mystery values, and collect all CASH values shown on the reels (click the button with the CASH WAD icon) Mystery values are drawn at random from the available options at the current WAD level. CASH-UP METER All landed CASH WADS also contribute to the CASH-UP METER. Every 25 WADS collected will result in the CASH colour and CASH values being promoted. There are 8 levels. Once you hit level 8 you cannot be promoted again and WAD collection is ignored. Triggering a COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFER will result in the meter being reset at the start of the next spin. CASH WADS landed as part of the COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFER feature are credited to the meter at the start of the next spin after it is reset. WAD collection and meter progress is stored separately for each bet level. WAD values at each level are selected from the following ranges (multiples of current bet): GREY: x0.75 to x10 ORANGE: x1 to x15 BLUE: x1.5 to x20 GREEN: x2 to x25 PURPLE: x2.5 to x50 YELLOW: x3 to x75 GOLD: x4 to x80 RED: x5 to x100 DOUBLE UP FREE SPINS Land 3 BONUS scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 to win 7 free spins. Free spins will begin with WADS at whatever the current WAD level is when the bonus is triggered. All cash positions now land as a “stack” of 2 WADS, doubling the value of each landed position. The value shown on the stack is the combined value of the entire stack. This includes HOTEL CASH. WAD collection is doubled, each WAD stack landed will now contribute 2 positions to the meter. Triggering a COMMUNITY CHEST HOT OFFER will not reset the meter during free spins, unless the feature is on the final free spin. During free spins all line wins pay at x2. Land BONUS scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 during free spins to win 7 additional spins! Free spins are played with the same lines and total stake value as the triggering spin. HOW TO PLAY Select your total bet or use the default. Press the Spin button to start the game. Wins are multiplied by the bet. HOW TO CALCULATE PAY LINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the pay table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. Collection Free Spin wins are rounded to nearest even value (using the bankers rounding algorithm) to avoid showing a fraction of a cent. The total win in the end screen displays the final rounded win. MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. LEGAL NOTES In the event of disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The expected return for this game is 94.06%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 3/18/2025