Mines GAME INFO - MINES MINES is a classic game where the objective of the game is to pick cells from a grid. Behind each cell there can be either a mine or a diamond. For each diamond you find, your win increases, but if you hit a mine you lose it all! Once you have placed your initial bet, each pick is free. Pick cells until you are happy with the win, and then collect it. PAYOUT DISPLAY Above the grid is a bar with numbers. The highlighted number is the payout you will receive if you collect immediately, expressed as a multiplier of your initial bet. The number to the right of the highlighted value is the potential payout if you successfully find another diamond, and so on. Your potential win amount is also displayed in your currency in the dark bar below the game. SETTINGS MENU The size of the grid and the number of mines is configurable in the settings screen. The more mines you configure, the higher the risk, but the larger the potential payout! On the other hand, if you increase the size of the grid, the payout per found diamond will go down, but the risk decreases. You can configure the game to fit your own playstyle! RETURN TO PLAYER The RTP of this game is 98%. The RTP is deterministically calculated by a theoretical probability model. The RTP was verified by running 10,000,000,000 simulations. Please note that if the next pick would cause your potential win to exceed 1,000,000.00 or 10,000 times your bet (whichever is lower), the round will end and your current win will be credited immediately. WAYS TO WIN Pick at least one diamond and collect the potential win. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.20 and 1,000.00. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 7/2/2024