Monopoly Big Event One of Hasbro's most iconic games just got bigger with Monopoly Big Event! This exclusive Barcrest slot title, powered by SG Digital, has a 5x3 20 line reel game, featuring three exciting bonus games that players can access by entering the Big Event Bonus. Pick a Community Chest card to increase your free spins or Guaranteed Wins, or pick your Chance card to gain a choice of Wilds or entry into free spins. Monopoly Big Event Big Bet Game During the Big Bet Game, a progressive win multiplier is applied to the wins on each spin. Starting from x1, the multiplier increments by 1 each spin up to a maximum of x5. At the start of the Super Bet Game, a wheel will spin to reveal one of the three following bonus features: Progressive win multiplier A win multiplier is applied to the wins on each spin. Starting from x1, the multiplier increments by 1 each spin up to a maximum of x5. Epic Spins A win multiplier of x5 is applied to each spin Persisting Wild Big Event The Big Event Bonus symbol is wild and will persist for the duration of the 5 spins. 3 or more big event symbols in view at the end of the 5 spins will trigger the big event bonus. Monopoly Big Event Bonus 3 Big Event symbols activate the big event bonus. 4 Big Event symbols activate the big event bonus with house sneak preview. 5 Big Event symbols activate the big event bonus with hotel sneak preview. Big Event symbols must appear on reels 1,3 and 5, except in the Big Bet game, whilst persistent wilds are active. The House Sneak Preview reveals the chance card positions of the three houses. The Hotel Sneak Preview reveals the chance card positions of the three hotels. The Community Chest and Chance cards are chosen alternately. Community Chest Community Chest cards contain numbers of free spins and guaranteed wins. These are accumulative. Chance Chance cards are turned over to reveal bonus icons. Revealing 3 of the same icon will trigger the corresponding bonus with the number of free spins and guaranteed wins collected up to that point. Monopoly Big Event Wilds Persistent Wilds Any wild that lands in view will persist for the duration of the bonus. Dancing Wilds A reel will be chosen at random on each spin, to become wild. The In Jail symbol anywhere in view during the Big Event Bonus eliminates the current lowest paying symbol from the award card. Best Strategy for Monopoly Big Event During Sneak Preview: Pick 2 of the revealed House symbols, then pick randomly for a symbol other than a House. During Sneak Preview: Pick 2 of the revealed Hotel positions, then pick randomly for a symbol other than a Hotel symbol. Keep picking until 2 Dice symbols and 2 House symbols have been found. Then pick a Hotel symbol. Guaranteed wins Guaranteed wins indicate the minimum number of wins available during the bonus. The guaranteed wins meter is decremented for every winning spin during free spins. At the end of free spins, if any guaranteed wins remain, they will be played on a separate reel set. Each guaranteed win corresponds to the spin of 1 of the cash reels, the prize highlighted on the centre position on each active reel is awarded to the player. Guaranteed wins are awarded on the centre position of each active reel. In the standard game guaranteed wins are a multiple of the total stake. In the Big Bet game guaranteed wins are always a multiple of 1.00. Rules All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on a consecutive reel, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line played. All line wins are multiplied by the stake per line. Wins that occur on all selected lines are added to the total win. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. At best strategy the expected return for this game is 96.00%. At best strategy the expected return for this game is 99.00% when playing the Big Bet game. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021