Mega Money Machine This game has a single payline, and either 3 or 4 active reels, depending upon credits bet. The average theoretical return to player (RTP) is: • 3 Reels (10 credits): 96.04% • 4 Reels (100 credits): 96.23% GAME RULES • Bet 10 credits to play 3 reels. • Bet 100 credits to play 4 reels. • Total Bet is the Base Bet multiplied by the Total Credits. • Total Credits is either 10 credits for 3 reels, or 100 credits for 4 reels. • When betting 10 credits, Reel 1 is inactive, and Reels 2, 3 and 4 are active. • When betting 100 credits, all 4 reels are active. • Reel 1 still spins when betting 10 credits, but does not contribute to winnings. • All wins are shown in credits. • All wins are multiplied by the Base Bet. • The total win is determined by the combination of numbers that appear on the single center payline on active reels. • These numbers are joined together left to right to form the total win in credits. • During each spin, the position of each reel can shift. • If no active reels have yet stopped with a value greater than 0, each active reel that stops with a 0 or 00 will shift to the rightmost position. • Other reels that were previously to the right of this reel, will shift left one position. • Once there has been at least one active reel stop with a value greater than 0, no subsequent reels will shift during the spin. • The value of a reel is the number that appears vertically in the center of it after the reel stops (if any). • Any numbers that appear above or below the vertical center of a reel do not contribute to the value of the reel. • The win is calculated after all reels have stopped spinning and shifting. • At the start of each new spin, each reel shifts back to its original position. • Reel 1 has 0, 00, 10 and blank symbols only. • Reels 2 and 4 have 0, 1, 2, 3, 5, 10 and blank symbols only. • Reel 3 has 0, 1, 2, 3, 5 and blank symbols only. • The reel positions above refer to the original position of each reel before any shifts. • When reels shift it does not change the symbols that can appear on them. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. BET 10/BET 100 • Toggle active credit bet. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Last modification date: 7/30/2024