Monopoly Grand Hotel HOW TO PLAY WILD Substitutes for all symbols except HOUSE, HOTEL and GO. Appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 Only. Scatter Symbols Go Symbol Appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter symbol. HOUSE/HOTEL symbols Both symbols appears on all reels. Scatter symbols. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Scatter wins are paid upon feature triggers only. GO FEATURE Land 3 GO symbols to trigger the GO FEATURE. One reel spin will be awarded on the GO reel. Spin to win a prize. Prizes include: Free Games, Cash Prize, GRAND Jackpot, MAJOR Jackpot, MINOR Jackpot, MINI Jackpot. Free Games will award a set of 6 Free games with a Free Parking bonus ranging from 5x to 20x total bet. Cash prize will range from 2x to 20x total bet If the GO FEATURE is triggered during the free games feature, the GO FEATURE will be instantly awarded. The free games will resume after the GO FEATURE. Jackpot values include MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND, and have the following values: MINI: 10x of total bet MINOR: 25x of total bet MAJOR: 100x of total bet GRAND: 1000x of total bet The jackpot values are shown above the reels in both the base game and freespins. HOTEL AND HOUSE VALUES During the base game and during Free Games, Each HOTEL symbol or HOUSE symbol will display a cash value. Values displayed on HOTEL symbol range from 2x to 25x total bet. Values displayed on HOUSE symbol are 0.4x or 1x total bet. Land 6 or more scattered HOUSE and/or HOTEL symbols to win a set of free games. The values displayed on the HOUSE and HOTEL symbols will only be awarded when a set of free games is triggered. The number of free games awarded is equal to the number of HOUSE/HOTEL symbols which triggered the free games. FREE GAMES FREE PARKING The sum of cash values appearing on all HOUSE/HOTEL symbols which trigger a free games feature will be awarded when the free games session is triggered. This value is also the Free Parking Bonus. During the free games, land a FREE PARKING symbol to be awarded the Free Parking Bonus. This bonus will be awarded for each FREE PARKING symbol that lands. The free games are played automatically. CHANCE CARDS During the free games, land 6 or more HOUSE and/or HOTEL symbols to retrigger the free games feature. Each set of free games uses the Free Parking Bonus from its trigger, unless awarded by the GO FEATURE. A set of free games is shown on the bottom right corner of the screen as a Chance card. A maximum of 15 extra sets of free games can be earned after the feature is triggered. Total bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the free games. The reel set used in the free games is identical to the reel set used in the base game. If both the Free Games and the GO FEATURE are triggered from the same base game spin, both features will be awarded. The player will then be taken to the Free Games screen. The GO FEATURE will be played first, followed by the Free Games. WILD substitutes for Free Parking symbol line win payouts only. WILD does not award Free Parking bonus. WINLINES This game contains 50 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the game paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only active win lines can register wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. The expected return for this game is 95.42%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. LEGAL DISCLAIMERS The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment. ©1935, 2019 Hasbro. All rights reserved. Used with permission. Other intellectual property, including the look and feel of the game and certain individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved Last modification date: 12/29/2021