Megaways Jack Megaways™ Jack is a 6-reel, 2 to 7-row video slot with win ways from 64 to 117649, featuring Wilds, random events, Free Tumbles and Free Spins with incremental multipliers. You play a fixed 20 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet control. The spin button plays the game at the currently shown bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYOUT SCREEN. Wins are calculated by counting the number of consecutive reels with matching symbols and multiplying the relative multipler, shown in the payout values, by the product of the number of matching symbols on each reel. Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols except for Magic Beans. Harp can play after each win in base game and with a bigger chance during Free Spins. Magic Beans help climbing the beanstalk by appearing randomly on tumbles. Harp in Base Game Harp in the base game can award: Up to 4 additional wilds. Up to x5 win multiplier. Up to 3 positions on the beanstalk. Single Re-Spin while holding the beanstalk position. Harp in Free Spins Harp during Free Spins can award Up to 4 additional wilds. Increases up to +3 to the global Free Spins multiplier. Up to 4 additional Free Spins Magic Beans Can only appear as tumbles during base game. Maximum number of Magic Beans symbols appearing at any time is 3. Each symbol adds 1 to 3 positions on your way up the beanstalk. Free Spins Freespins are reached by climbing the 8 leaves on the beanstalk to trigger 8 Free Spins. Each successive win increase 1 position, random events like Harp or Magic Beans can help on your way up the beanstalk. 8 positions award 8 Free Spins. 9 positions award 9 Free Spins. 10 positions award 10 Free Spins, x2 multiplier. 11 positions award 11 Free Spins, x2 multiplier. 12 positions award 12 Free Spins, x3 multiplier. 13 positions award 12 Free Spins, x3 multiplier, bigger Harp chance. During Free Spins, reels with 7 symbols lock at that number of symbols for the entirety of Free Spins feature. When a reel locks it awards 1 additional multiplier. On the last Free Spin, locking reels award 1 additional Free Spin that can also re-trigger., Additional Freespins are also reached by having multiple successive tumbles. A minimum of 4 tumbles is required to trigger additional 2 Free spins. The current multiplier applies to any win earned while that multiplier is in effect, increases will affect all subsequent wins. Sounds Page To access sound settings, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the speaker from the menu Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music Toggles background music on or off. Spin Settings To access Spin Settings, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar(Only for desktop). Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Game History To access Game History, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. You can review the game results from any of your past games through this helpful interface. You can select any bet from your last 100 spins, and drill into each reel result to see a spin or tumble result if you wish to examine any game results Bet Control You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control. The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is Bet value/20. Buy Free Spins This option is not available for every operator and jurisdiction, therefore may not be available in every instance. This menu allows you to pay a fee to access the Free Spins feature. Once you have selected what Free Spins entry level you want, a price will appear for buying the feature. To begin the feature select YES, to exit without buying the feature select No. Advanced Autoplay Options, To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol., On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round., On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified., If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified., If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified., When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered., Note If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game., Note Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player The return to player for the normal game is 96.20% Should the 'Buy Free Spins' be available in your jurisdiction and/or with the operator, the following RTP's will apply The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 6 Spins is 96.00% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 8 Spins is 96.00% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 9 Spins is 96.00% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 10 Spins, x2 multiplier is 96.00% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 11 Spins, x2 multiplier is 96.00% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 12 Spins, x3 multiplier is 96.00% The return to player for the Buy Free Spins game, 12 Spins, x3 multiplier with bigger Harp chance is 96.10% Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website, The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000 Last modification date: 6/12/2020