Monopoly Megaways Introducing the game MONOPOLY Megaways™ is a six-reel video slot with Reel Adventure™ featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megaways™. MONOPOLY Megaways™ can have between 2 and 7 symbols per reel and each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A Reel Adventure™ slot enhances the game, giving the player more chances to win and increasing the feature potential. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each inidual spin. The Reel Adventure™ progress is unique to each stake value. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. If there is a win, MR. MONOPOLY will progress to the space below the right-most reel that contains winning symbols. Reactions Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left-most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Base Game MONOPOLY Board MR. MONOPOLY will move around the MONOPOLY Board every time you win. Some spaces on the board will trigger a bonus. Every time you land on GO, the next spin will be at MAX MEGAWAYS™ with 117,649 ways to win. The first time you land on a TRAIN STATION, you own it and your next Feature will trigger with +1 Free Spin. The first time you land on a UTILITY, you own it and your next Feature will trigger with a higher Win Multiplier. Base Game MONOPOLY Board, Continued Every time you land on COMMUNITY CHEST, a card will send you to a random PROPERTY. The card may also award you between 1 and 4 Houses for the PROPERTY it sends you to. Every time you land on CHANCE, a card will either send you to a random PROPERTY, award you a spin at MAX MEGAWAYS™ or trigger the Feature. If the card sends you to a random PROPERTY, it may also award you between 1 and 4 Houses for the PROPERTY it sends you to. If you land on a PROPERTY on your third reaction, a House is added to it. Every extra reaction awards an additional House. Free Spins Trigger The Feature is triggered whenever a fifth House is added to a PROPERTY. The Feature can also be triggered from a CHANCE card. 8 Free Spins are awarded. Every additional House beyond the fifth, and every owned TRAIN STATION, awards an extra Free Spin. Every additional Feature trigger beyond the first awards an additional 3 Free Spins. When Free Spins are triggered, the starting Win Multiplier is one and is increased by one for each owned UTILITY. Free Spins Feature During Free Spins, the Win Multiplier increases by one for each House on every PROPERTY that is landed on. At the end of the Free Spins Feature you lose ownership of all TRAIN STATIONS and UTILITIES, however all Houses on unvisited PROPERTIES remain in place. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spins MONOPOLY Board During the Free Spins, MR. MONOPOLY will move around the MONOPOLY Board every time you win. Some spaces on the board will trigger a bonus. Every time you land on GO, the next spin will be at MAX MEGAWAYS™ with 117,649 ways to win. Every time you land on a TRAIN STATION that you own, you are awarded +1 Free Spin for each owned TRAIN STATION. Every time you land on a UTILITY that you own, the Win Multiplier increases by 1, or by 2 if you own both UTILITIES. Free Spins MONOPOLY Board, Continued Every time you land on COMMUNITY CHEST, a card will send you to a random PROPERTY. Every time you land on CHANCE, a card will either send you to a random PROPERTY, award you a spin at MAX MEGAWAYS™ or award +5 Free Spins. Every time you land on a PROPERTY, the Win Multiplier increases by one for each House on that PROPERTY. Houses are then removed from that PROPERTY. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.5% System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021