Money Link Egyptian Riches Money Link™ Egyptian Riches is a Bet 20, 40-line 3x5 Reel slot game with Free Spins, the Money Link Feature™, and Hot Zone™. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the bet amount played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.10% with any bet. Game Rules Wild Ankh Substitutes for all symbols except {Scatter Coin}, {Scatter Eye} and {Mystery Symbol}. Appears in Base Game and Free Spins only. Scatter Eye 3 {Scatter Eye} awards Free Spins. 3 {Scatter Eye} pays 2. Appears in Base Game only. Appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Scatter Coin 6 or more awards the Money Link™ Feature. Appears in Base Game and Money Link™ Feature only. Prizes available are 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 10x, 12.5x, 15x, 25x, 75x, Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. Mystery Symbol During Base Game Mystery Symbols reveal to be any other symbol except Scatter Eye. Appears in Base Game and Free Spins only. Free Spins 3 Scatter Eye triggers 8 Free Spins. All Mystery Symbols reveal to be any other symbol except Scatter Coin or Scatter Eye. Every Free Spin, a number of Hot Zone™ {Mystery Symbol} will spin over the reels. These {Mystery Symbol} symbols may land on or off the reels. Symbols underneath {Mystery Symbol} are not evaluated. Every Free Spin, a single new symbol is chosen to reveal behind all Mystery Symbols. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins are played at the triggering lines and bet. Money Link™ Feature 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 or 15 Scatter Coin triggers the Money Link™ Feature. 3 initial spins are awarded. Triggering Scatter Coin are held throughout the Money Link™ Feature. All positions not containing a Scatter Coin will spin. Any subsequent Scatter Coin symbols are held and spins reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Money Link™ Feature. The player is awarded all the shown prizes. The GRAND prize is awarded if all reel window positions are held. The Money Link™ Feature is played at the triggering bet. Rules Play bet 20 for 40 lines. Wild Ankh is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Eye, Scatter Coin and Mystery Symbol. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatter Eye and Scatter Coin which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier except Scatter Eye and Scatter Coin which are multiplied by total bet. Mini, Minor, Major, Mega and GRAND are fixed, are not progressive and are not multiplied by the total bet or bet multiplier. Mini, Minor, Major and Mega prizes may be won more than once in every Money Link™ Feature. All wins on selected paylines only except Scatter Eye and Scatter Coin. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline except Scatter Eye and Scatter Coin win. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields. Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Free Spins. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAY TABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY AUTOPLAY options allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. Last modification date: 11/11/2025