Magic Fruits 4 Deluxe All wins are paid for combinations of the same symbol on active line next to each other. Each new game costs one stake. Combination of 4 JOKER symbols pays only on three horizontal lines. When combination of 4 JOKER symbols occurs, combination of 3 JOKER symbols will also be paid, if placed on active line. The JOKER marker does not occur as a separate symbol – it can appear on other symbols (orange, pear, plum, bell) that take part in the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded Last modification date: 2/28/2024