Merlins Magic Respins Untitled Document Game Rules Play fixed 50 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet (Excluding SUPERBET) Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scatters Scatter appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only All Symbols pay left to right except scattered Cauldron which pays any Wild Respins SuperBet unlocks the WILD RESPINS feature During the WILD RESPINS MERLIN stands beside the reels and will turn symbols on the reels WILD Wilds appear ON ALL REELS during Wild Respins If ANY full stacks of Merlin appear on a reel those reels are held and all other reels are respun During WILD RESPINs any new full stack is held for the remaining respins The number of respins awarded depends on the SUPER BET amount If 5 full stacks of Merlin appear all wins are paid and the reels are respun to the same winning positions again 50 coins SUPERBET OFF WILD RESPINS feature not available 100 coins SUPERBET LVL 1 1 WILD RESPIN 150 coins SUPERBET LVL 2 2 WILD RESPINs 250 coins SUPERBET LVL 3 3 WILD RESPINs 300 coins SUPERBET LVL 4 4 WILD RESPINs 350 coins SUPERBET LVL 5 5 WILD RESPINs Wild respin feature can be triggered during base game and free games Free Games Features 7 Free Games are awarded when 3 SCATTERS appear During the Free Games MERLIN stands beside the reels and will turn symbols on the reels WILD The free game feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Wild respin feature can be won free games Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons. This is a fixed 50 lines game so play lines cannot be adjusted. The Max button for Bet will automatically select the maximum bet. The Superbet button allows you to select your desired additional wager for enhancement to win bigger! Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Super Bet: Displays the extra amount that is staked for playing superbet. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by 50 lines and is inclusive of Superbet (if any). Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP The Theoretical return to player is 94.86%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2020