Marlin Masters ABOUT THE GAME Give a man a fish, and he eats for a day; teach a man to fish, and he eats for a lifetime. Take our word for it and learn the ropes in Marlin Masters, a 5-reel, 4-row game with payline wins and the Lootlines mechanic! The max win of 7,500 times your bet can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES LOOTLINES Marlin symbols are dynamic paying symbols that display cash values. The cash value displayed on the symbol represents the actual payout that will be awarded if the Marlin symbol is collected. Marlin symbols can have values based on the following bet multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x, 1000x. If the value of a Marlin symbol is too large to be fully displayed, it will be shortened to 2 decimal places. The value displayed will always be the minimum amount you may be awarded. The actual awarded amount may be greater than the displayed value, but never less than the displayed value. For example: a value of 10,250,500 may be rounded down and displayed as 10.25M. CATCH THEM ALL! Marlin symbols are collected if 3 or more Marlin symbols land in a winning payline combination. If there is at least one Fisherman symbol on the grid, each Fisherman symbol will also collect each Marlin symbol one time. The Fisherman symbol can land with a multiplier value that affects the value of all the Marlin symbols that it collects. The possible multiplier values are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20. Fisherman symbols do not collect the value of other Fisherman symbols. A maximum of one Fisherman symbol can land on each reel at the same time. REEL IT IN! Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus feature, the Marlin Progress Bar is displayed outside the grid. Each time a Fisherman symbol lands on the grid, the Marlin Progress Bar increases by one step. This increase happens regardless of whether or not the Fisherman symbol collects any Marlin symbols that round. After every fourth Fisherman symbol has landed, a new upgrade level is reached: Upgrade 1 awards 10 additional free spins and guarantees that all subsequent Fisherman symbols land with a multiplier value of at least x2. Upgrade 2 awards 10 additional free spins and guarantees that all subsequent Fisherman symbols land with a multiplier value of at least x4. Upgrade 3 awards 10 additional free spins and guarantees that all subsequent Fisherman symbols land with a multiplier value of at least x10. OFF THE HOOK! Activate this bonus feature with 15 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. This bonus features the Marlin Progress Bar mechanic from REEL IT IN!. However, the upgrade levels in this bonus are even more powerful: From the start, all Fisherman symbols are guaranteed to have a multiplier of at least x2. Upgrade 1 awards 15 additional free spins and guarantees that all subsequent Fisherman symbols land with a multiplier value of at least x4. Upgrade 2 awards 15 additional free spins and guarantees that all subsequent Fisherman symbols land with a multiplier value of at least x10. Upgrade 3 awards 15 additional free spins and guarantees that all subsequent Fisherman symbols land with a multiplier value of at least x15. PLENTY OF FISH IN THE SEA Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus feature, all Marlin symbols are guaranteed to have a value of at least 5x. This bonus also guarantees that at least one Marlin symbol and one Fisherman symbol will land on every spin! SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.27%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 7,500 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 1/20/2026