Who Wants to be a Millionaire Mystery Box Introducing the game Millionaire Mystery Box is a five-reel video slot featuring 243 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 5 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except Scatter. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. x2 WILD Wild appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. All wins are Doubled for every Wild. MYSTERY BOX™ Mystery Box appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4. Mystery Box will open to reveal another symbol. Whenver 2 or 3 Mystery Box symbols appear, they all turn into the same symbol. All wins are determined after the Mystery Box symbols have turned into other symbols. Gamble Feature Every win will enable the GAMBLE button. Press GAMBLE for the opportunity to go DOUBLE OR NOTHING up to 5 times with every win. Scatter Get 3, 4 or 5 Millionaire Scatters to win 7, 12 or 20 Free Spins, respectively. Scatter pays any. Free Spins A Multiplier Ladder with 12 rungs is enabled. Triggering with 3, 4 or 5 Scatters commences the Multiplier Ladder on Rungs 1, 2 or 3, respectively. All wins are multiplied by the highlighted Multiplier. Every Scatter that occurs in the Free Spins increments the Multiplier Ladder by 1 rung. Every rung awards an additional Free Spin except rungs 4, 8 and 12 which award an additional 3 Free Spins. Free Spins, Continued Every Scatter on rung 12 awards an additional free spin. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.642% Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000