Money Mariachi Fiesta Infinity Reels Money Mariachi Fiesta™ is an innovative slot game with Infinity Reels™ mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. The Theoretical Return to Player is: Regular Game : 94.33% BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) : 94.43% The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Rules GUITAR GUITAR substitutes for all symbols except SHRINE. SHRINE LevelUp Respins are triggered when 3 or more SHRINE appear. SYMBOL PAYS Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except SHRINE where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. INFINITY REELS All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. SYMBOL MULTIPLIER The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins except SHRINE. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. INFINITY BONUS A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any game round that results in 12 or more reels being added. This can occur during normal spins or during LevelUp Respins. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. LEVELUP RESPINS LevelUp Respins are triggered when 3 or more SHRINE appear. 3 respins are awarded. All SHRINE symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SHRINE symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Each time a reel is filled with 4 SHRINE/Special symbols, a new reel is added to the right and spun. Each SHRINE symbol starts with a prize of 1x to 5x bet. On each respin, every SHRINE/VIOLINIST/SONGSTRESS gains a skull. When a SHRINE/VIOLINIST/SONGSTRESS accumulates 6 skulls, it levels up and its prize increases by 1x to 5x bet. All skulls are then removed from the symbol, and it will start accumulating skulls again on the next respin. Each time a SHRINE symbol levels up, there is a chance it transforms in to one of 4 special symbols: GUITARIST Levels up on every respin increasing the prize by 1x to 5x bet (no skulls required). TRUMPETER Increases prize value by 10x to 50x total bet, and then transforms back to a SHRINE symbol. VIOLINIST Adds its own prize value to adjacent SHRINE/Special symbols, every time it levels up. SONGSTRESS Adds prizes from adjacent symbols to itself, every time it levels up. Adjacent symbols for VIOLINIST/SONGSTRESS include positions 1 space to the left, right, above and below (up to 4 positions total). Respins are completed when no more respins remain. Upon completion of respins, each SHRINE/Special symbol awards their displayed prize. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to LevelUp Respins wins. LevelUp Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during LevelUp Respins. BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to buy a LevelUp Respins bonus. The cost to buy is 100 x bet per spin. A spin is played that will trigger the LevelUp Respins bonus. The triggering spin will have from 6 to 15 reels. The Infinity Bonus may be triggered from the triggering spin. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except SHRINE where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. GUITAR substitutes for all symbols except SHRINE. GUITAR can only appear on reel 2 and onwards. During the base game, SHRINE can only appear on reel 3 and onwards. During LevelUp Respins, SHRINE can appear on all reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME RECOVERY In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 4/29/2025