Monopoly Lunar New Year WILD SYMBOL WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except LUNAR COIN, CRESCENT MOON or FULL MOON symbols. WILD symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All Any Way™ pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Any Way™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All pays in credits. LUNAR COIN AND CHESTS - BASE GAME Chest prizes will change spin to spin. At the top of reels 1, 3, and 5 there is a Chest which can display a multiplier, Lunar Chest Free Spins, Expanding Reels Free Spins, or the Jackpot Feature. If a Lunar Coin lands on the reels, it will reveal either a Token Value multiplier or a Crescent Moon symbol. In the Base Game, Lunar chests pay from 3x to 188x token value In Lunar Free Spins, Lunar chests pay from 2x to 188x token value If a Token Value multiplier is revealed that amount is awarded. If a Crescent Moon symbol is revealed on reel 2 or 4 no prize is awarded, and play continues. If a Crescent Moon symbol is revealed on reel 1, 3 or 5, it will award the Chest above that reel. Lunar Coins can appear on any reel. Crescent Moon symbol will not appear more than once per reel. In the Base Game, coins pay from 1.5x to 10x token value In Lunar Free Spins, coins pay from 0.5x to 10x token value EXPANDING REELS FREE SPINS The Expanding Reels Free Spins can only be triggered in the Base Game. The Expanding Reels Free Spins is triggered when a Crescent Moon symbol lands on the same reel as an Expand Feature Chest. The player is awarded 8 Free Spins. During Expanding Reels Free Spins, the reels may expand from 3 x 5 to either 4 x 5, 5 x 5 or 6 x 5. Coins in the Expanding Reels Free Spins can award 1 or 2 extra spins. Once the player is awarded 50 or more Free Spins, no additional Free Spins can be awarded. The Expanding Reels Free Spins uses a different reel set. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. The maximum number of ways available during the Expand Feature is 7776. LUNAR CHEST FREE SPINS The Lunar Chest Free Spins can only be triggered in the Base Game. The Lunar Chest Free Spins is triggered when a Crescent Moon symbol lands on the same reel as a Lunar Feature Chest. The player is awarded 8 Free Spins. The only symbol in the Lunar Chest Free Spins is the Coin. Coin in the Lunar Chest Free Spins can award: Token Value multipliers, 1 chest, 5 chests or extra spins. Chests will only show Token Value multipliers. Lunar Coin is either a Full Moon or a Crescent Moon. If a Crescent Moon lands, the chest on the same reel is awarded. If a Full Moon lands, all 5 chests are awarded. All Token Value multipliers from Coins and Chests are tallied, and the total is awarded at the end of the Feature. Once the player is awarded 50 or more Free Spins, no additional Free Spins can be awarded. The Lunar Chest Free Spins uses a different reel set. JACKPOT FEATURE The Jackpot Feature is triggered when a Crescent Moon symbol lands on the same reel as a Jackpot Feature Chest. Player is presented with 15 picks. Selected pick will reveal 1 or 2 cards. The cards may be either Property Cards or Upgrade Cards. If 3 Upgrade Cards are uncovered before a Jackpot is awarded, all Jackpots upgrade to next level and the Grand Jackpot upgrades to a Double Grand Jackpot. Once 4 property cards in any group are uncovered, the associated jackpot or jackpots are awarded and the feature ends. RED ENVELOPE FEATURE Randomly during base game play, the player may be awarded a red envelope mystery prize. For wagers from 22 - 62 credits, the prize is 888 credits. For all other wagers, the prize is 3888 credits. ANY WAY™ PAYS Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination but may create separate winning combinations. All Any Way™ pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. GAME RULES Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Total bet is 20 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier plus associated bonus bet. Coin pays are paid in addition to way pays. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250.000,00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250.000,00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and the playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro, Inc. for its property trading game and game equipment. © 1935, 2021 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2021Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The expected return for this game is 95.95%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/9/2022