Maid Marian 1 Introduction Maid Marian is a 20 win line, 5x4 reel slot game featuring Free Spins, Locked Spins with sticky wilds and Fortune Bet! 1.1 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the Free Spins bonus. Collect 3 bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5 during the base game to trigger 8 Free Spins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 1.2 Fortune Bet Selecting the ‘FORTUNE BET’ button doubles the height of the BONUS symbol during the base game and increases the current bet by 50%. Selecting the button again deactivates Fortune Bet. 1.3 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 1.4 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 2 Game Rules Line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a win line. All wins, pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. All games are played with 20 win lines. BONUS symbols are only available on reels 1, 2 & 3 during the base game. WILD symbols are only available on the following reels: - Reels 3, 4 & 5 during the base game. - Reel 3 during Free Spins. - Reels 3, 4 & 5 during Locked Spins. TARGET symbols are only available during Free Spins on reel 3. 2.1 Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 3 Features 3.1 Free Spins Three BONUS symbols landing in view on reels 1, 3 & 5 during the base game, awards 8 Free Spins. Once started, Free Spins play automatically at no additional cost to the player, until all Free Spins have been played. The TARGET symbol is only available during Free Spins, acts as WILD and triggers Locked Spins when landing in view on reel 3. 3.2 Locked Spins The TARGET symbol landing on reel 3 during Free Spins awards 5 Locked Spins. During Locked Spins, the TARGET symbol and any additional WILDS that land in view become sticky WILDS for the duration of Locked Spins. If Locked Spins aren’t awarded after 8 Free Spins, an additional Free Spin is awarded which guarantees Locked Spins are triggered. 4 Game Recovery 4.1 Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. 5 General Information The RTP for the main game is 95%. The RTP for the Fortune Bet game is 95%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/17/2020