Man Vs Gator Game rules Man vs Gator is a 5 reel, 5 rows slot with spinning reels and 259 connecting paylines. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Man vs Gator is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins. Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. The Man vs Gator wild, Man Up wild and Gator Down wild substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. The Man vs Gator wild symbol is a 5-row tall symbol with two multiplier values. This symbol nudges into the screen until covering all 5 rows. When all reels have landed, one of the two multiplier values is chosen and applied to the wild, showing either the Man or the Gator as the victor. Landing a Man vs Gator wild symbol awards a respin where all Man vs Gator wild symbols currently in view are kept sticky. In the case of multiple Man vs Gator wild symbols landing simultaneously, the respins are stacked and played out one by one. The Man Up wild is a 2-row tall symbol without a multiplier value that nudges upwards, giving respins until off screen. Each nudge upgrades the multiplier value shown on Man vs Gator wilds where the victor is the Man and is currently in view. The Gator Down wild is a 2-row tall symbol without a multiplier value that nudges downwards, giving respins until off screen. Each nudge upgrades the multiplier value shown on Man vs Gator wilds where the victor is the Gator and is currently in view. The increment amount applied to each multiplier on a Man vs Gator wild symbol when a nudge occurs by their respective Man Up or Gator Down wild may differ. A combination of 3 or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode, awarding 5 free spins. 4 bonus symbols award a Man vs Gator wild symbol landing on the first spin, 5 bonus symbols award 2 Man vs Gator wild symbols landing on the first spin. During bonus mode, landing 3 or more bonus symbols award 5 additional free spins; 4 bonus symbols also award a Man vs Gator wild symbol landing on the next free spin; 5 bonus symbols also award 2 Man vs Gator wild symbols landing on the next free spin. All Man vs Gator wild symbols landing in bonus mode are kept sticky throughout the remaining free spins. Free spins are not consumed during respins triggered by Man vs Gator wild symbols or Man Up and Gator Down wild symbols in the bonus game. It is possible to trigger the bonus game during a respin. When this occurs, the state of the game prior to entering the bonus game is saved. After the bonus game is completed, the game resets to the trigger state and the base game respins continue. Man vs Gator wild symbols present within a base game bonus trigger are not brought into the bonus game. It is possible to enter the bonus game multiple times during a game round. The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the game round. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Man vs Gator is 94.1%. The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void Last modification date: 4/16/2025