Molten Hot 7s User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). The overall return to player is 94.84%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been cerfied by an approved test house. Incomplete games will be stored for a minimum of 15 minutes. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the incomplete game round. If a game is incomplete for longer than the stated me period, the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfuncon voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, condions and processes of the gaming site operator. Sapphire Wheel Bonus Feature The appearance of 3, 4 or 5 posioned anywhere in view on the reels triggers the Sapphire Wheel Bonus: 3 triggers 1 spin of the Sapphire Wheel. 4 triggers 2 spins of the Sapphire Wheel. 5 triggers 3 spins of the Sapphire Wheel. The player spins the Wheel and is awarded either currency wins or 1 of 4 progressives. can appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Ruby Wheel Bonus Feature The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 posioned anywhere in view on the reels triggers the Ruby Wheel Bonus: 3 triggers 1 spin of the Ruby Wheel. 4 triggers 2 spins of the Ruby Wheel. 5 triggers 3 spins of the Ruby Wheel. The player spins the Wheel and is awarded either Free Games or 1 of 4 progressives. Progressive Jackpots The Sapphire Wheel Bonus or Ruby Wheel Bonus must be accessed in order to have a chance of winning 1 of 4 Progressive Jackpots. The 4 Progressive Jackpots are: Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. If the Wheel stops on the Mini progressive, the value of the Mini progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Minor progressive, the value of the Minor progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Major progressive, the value of the Major progressive is won. If the Wheel stops on the Mega progressive, the value of the Mega progressive is won. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet mulplier. Contribuons made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet mulplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet mulplier. The following contribuons are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .4% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. .3% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .25% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .2% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet mulplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini: $7.50 Minor: $12.50 Major: $30.00 Mega: $100.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet mulpliers other than 1x are calculated by mulplying the bet mulplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet mulplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 2/28/2023