MGM King About In MGM King you drop blocks to create a tower. The higher the tower, the higher the prize. It features the Blockchain™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the start button to play the game. Select your bet size from the stake options. The information bar will display your current bet size and current balance. The number of blocks remaining and current win are shown on screen. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Blockchain™ Mechanic Each game starts with 10 blocks. A series of 10 randomly selected blocks fall into the playing area and stack on top of each other. Reaching a level with +2 blocks adds an extra 2 blocks to the total blocks which are then dropped on the top of the tower. Reaching a level with a cash prize awards a win. Only the highest prize reached is awarded. The game ends when no blocks remain or the top level is reached. Extra block purchases When all blocks in the base game have been dropped the player can choose to purchase extra blocks to continue the game. All blocks below the top two rows are blocked out for extra block purchases. 1, 2 or 3 blocks can be purchased with the associated prices of each displayed on the buttons. Extra block purchases are only offered where an improved win is possible and where the potential win is greater than the purchase price. The total staked so far is displayed in the information bar. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is 94.36% Extra block purchase theoretical return to player is 94.34% Randomization Blocks are selected randomly from a weighted list of predefined shapes. The same weights are used in the base game and extra block purchases. Blocks always drop into the lowest point possible. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 7/24/2025