Magic Piggy ABOUT THE GAME Prepare to be enchanted by the magic of pigs! Magic Piggy is a 5x5 slot with payline wins and amagical game show theme! The maximum win in this game is 7,500 times your bet!The max win can be achieved in the base game, the Pig Bonus and Epig Bonus game modes. FEATURES Magic Piggy & Magic Hat The Magic Piggy symbol is a revealing symbol that reveals either a Wild symbol or a Bill Stack symbol when activated by the Magic Hat symbol! All Magic Piggy symbols reveal the same type of symbol. When the Magic Hat symbol lands, it first shows what all Magic Piggy symbols will reveal and then transforms into the revealed symbol. Bill Stack scatter symbols are cash prizes based on your current bet. All Bill Stack symbols areadded together and the total amount is multiplied by your current bet to produce the win amount. Bill Stacks can have the following values: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 75, 100, 250, 500, 750, 1000 When revealing Bill Stack symbols, there is a chance that a Magic Piggy symbol instead reveals a Multiplier Coin scatter symbol. Multiplier Coins reveal a multiplier value, and then multiply 1 - 5 Bill Stack symbols with therevealed value. The same Bill Stack symbol can be affected multiple times by the same Multiplier Coin, or by different Multiplier Coins. Multiplier Coins can have the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5 Pig Bonus Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to trigger this feature, which awards 10 free spins! Land Star and Super Star scatter symbols to collect Piggy Points above the reels! Star symbols add 1 - 5 Piggy Points to the meter above the reel where it landed. Super Star symbols add 1 - 5 Piggy Points to all reels! When the Magic Hat symbol lands, an equal amount of Magic Piggy symbols will fill random positions on the corresponding reels. Piggy Points are reset after each Magic Hat trigger. Completely filling the Piggy Points meter above all reels at the same time awards 10 additional free spins! Landing 3 FS symbols at the same time in the feature awards 4 additional free spins. Landing 4 FS symbols at the same time in the feature instantly triggers the Epig Bonus. If the remaining number of free spins is less than 10, the remaining number of free spins will be set to 10. Otherwise, the current number of remaining free spins is unchanged. Epig Bonus Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to trigger this feature, which awards 10 free spins! The Epig Bonus game has progressive Piggy Points that do not reset after a Magic Hat trigger! See description of Pig Bonus above for other rules. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.28%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined winning lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Please consult the paytable forthe number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level.FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the rightof BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current betconfiguration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 7,500 multiplied with the current bet level. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number ofspins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount beton the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 30 days, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game's random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 2/3/2026