Magic Spins The game is played on 29 reels A win is awarded for drawing at least 10 symbols of a kind anywhere on the reels. Only the highest win is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. When two symbol combinations of the same value are drawn, the win will be paid only for the combination with the symbol that has the higher position on the paytable. SPECIAL FEATURES BONUS SYMBOLS Drawing at least 6 Bonus symbols of any type activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. Special Bonus symbols drawn on the big and mega reels stick to the reels for up to 10 Re-Spins, increasing the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. These symbols may have additional features, which are active during the base game, e.g. increase their value or collect prizes from other symbols. However, all Bonus symbols pay only in the Bonus Game. HOLD THE JACKPOT BONUS GAME All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stick to the reels. Cash symbols can only appear on the small reels. Collector, Jackpot, Mystery and Increasing Value Cash symbols can only appear on four big corner reels. 3 re-spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of re-spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-5x player's bet. Increasing Value Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 3x-7x player's bet, while Mega Increasing Value Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 5x-10x player's bet. When drawn, these symbols are assigned a random countdown value from 1 to 10 and their value increases by the bet with every Re-Spin, until the countdown reaches 0. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. The MAGIC Jackpot can only be drawn on the Magic Mystery symbol. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol. Magic Mystery symbol can only transform into MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MAGIC Jackpot symbols or the Mystery and Magic Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When a Collector or Mega Collector symbol is drawn, it is assigned a random countdown value from 1 to 10. With each spin, the Collector and Mega Collector symbols accumulate all values from Cash symbols drawn on the small adjacent reels, until their countdown reaches 0. Collector and Mega Collector symbols may also appear with the Collect to InfinityTM feature and accumulate all values from Cash symbols drawn on the small adjacent reels to infinity. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR, MAJOR Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 29 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 2500x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game is played at the same bet level and Volatility LevelTM as the spin that activated the bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. VOLATILITY SETTINGS Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style Max Bet Set the bet to max value Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value Decrease Bet Value Click to decreade bet value Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days