Nitropolis Game description: Nitropolis is an exciting game which takes place in the city of Nitropolis where the four gangs Dirty Dawgs, Gritty Kitty, Pug Thugs and Rogue Rats are all chasing the rare but valuable nitro. It has 6 reels and 4 rows and 4 096 ways to win. The core feature is the Nitro Reels which are 1x2 size big and may contain either 4, 6, 8, 10 or even 12 1x1 identical symbol instances. The Nitro Reels increase the number of ways to win considerably, and brings it all the way up to amazing 85 155 840 ways to win. Every win generates a respin of all symbols and Nitro Reels contributing to the win. Three bonus symbols or more trigger the free spins bonus game. A symbol is randomly selected for scatter wins in the bonus game. All Nitro Reels lock in place in the bonus game and remain in play for the remaining free spins. Game view: Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode. Symbol clarification: Paylines: Nitropolis has up to 85 155 840 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in Game Rule Special symbols: Game features: Bonus Game: Three or more bonus symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. The bonus game can be retriggered. A symbol is randomly selected for scatter wins in the bonus game. All Nitro Reels lock in place in the bonus game and remain in play for the remaining free spins. Betting strategies: Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Buttons Clarification: Game rules: Nitropolis is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with up to 85 155 840 ways to win. The game oﬀers several bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Nitropolis is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. All spins in Normal mode and Bonus mode start with 6 reels, 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. In free spins wilds will substitute for the scatter paying symbol in a scatter win. A Nitro Reel always covers two symbol places and can be of size 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12. The size represents the number of identical 1x1 symbol instances it contains, e.g. size 8 consists of 8 standard 1x1 symbols. A bonus symbol can appear within a Nitro Reel but will only be counted as one no matter of the Nitro Reel's size and the number of ways to win is reduced. The size of the Nitro Reel remains when the bonus symbol spins out, and the number of ways to win increases again. The wins in the current spin are collected and then all symbols and Nitro Reels which are part of a winning combination respin individually. The new result is paid out accordingly and the respin feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear. The number of ways to win increase as the number of Nitro Reels and the size of the Nitro Reels increase. It starts with 4,096 and may grow up to a maximum 85 155 840ways. A Nitro Reel can appear in an initial spin and randomly when two symbols vertically next to each other respin after a win. One or more Nitro Reels in view can randomly increase in size during a respin or between free spins. One or more Nitro Reels in view can randomly respin at the end of a spin when there are no additional wins. A combination of three or more bonus symbols during Normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free spins. 3 bonus symbols: 10 free spins 4 bonus symbols: 15 free spins 5 bonus symbols: 20 free spins 6 bonus symbols: 25 free spins Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. An additional symbol is selected for the scatter wins up to a maximum of 3 scatter paying symbols. All Nitro Reels lock in place in the bonus game and remain in play for the remaining free spins. When entering Bonus mode, one paying symbol is randomly selected for scatter wins during the bonus game. Three or more scatter paying symbols on three diﬀerent reels in view are needed to generate a win. A Nitro Reel containing the scatter paying symbol is only counted as one symbol instance when triggering the feature but represents its actual size in the potential payout. Only the scatter win will pay out in case a symbol selected for scatter win in the bonus game appears in a normal win as well. The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis is 96.1% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The game has a maximum win of 1,000,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 10/30/2020