New York Knicks Super Swish User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Respin Feature If at least 5 appear on the grid, then the Respin Feature is triggered. All will be locked in place and a "Spins Remain" meter will appear above the grid, awarding 3 Respins. During the Respin Feature, each cell on the grid spins independently. Any time 1 or more additional land on the grid during a Respin, all lock in place and the Spins Remain meter is reset to 3. If no additional lands on the grid for 3 consecutive spins, or if all 15 cells on the grid are filled with , the Respin Feature ends, and wins are awarded based on each that landed. Each that contains a numeric value awards the value shown. If one is present on the grid, the Major Progressive Jackpot is awarded. If more than one is present on the grid, the Major Progressive Jackpot is awarded for one , and the start-up Major Progressive Jackpot value is awarded for every other remaining . If all 15 cells on the grid are filled with , the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. Free Games Bonus 12 Free Games are triggered by the appearance of 3 . During Free Games, 3 are required to retrigger 12 more Free Games. The Respin Feature is not active during Free Games. Free Games end when 0 Free Games remain or after 1000 Free Games have been played. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, lines played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Progressive Jackpots It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .12% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. .2% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mega: $100.00 Major: $15.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. When the Progressive Jackpot is awarded and a re-trigger of the jackpot occurs, the patron is awarded a static amount. Last modification date: 10/18/2023