Nitropolis 5 Game rules Nitropolis 5 is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 8 rows. Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases. The number of ways to win also increases as the number of Nitro Reels and the quantity of symbols inside the Nitro Reels increase. A Nitro Reel may spin or drop into the game grid and trigger a row increase in order to accommodate its size on its landed position. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 50.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Nitropolis 5 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins. Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. In case of Both Ways being active, the wins can also begin with the rightmost reel and pay right-to-left only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. A Nitro Reel covers two symbol positions and contains 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols. A big Nitro Reel always covers six symbol positions and contains 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical 2x2 payout symbols. A Nitro Reel can contain a super bonus symbol and is then only counted as one 1x1 symbol regardless of the size indicator of the Nitro Reel. The number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the super bonus symbol spins out. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and the super bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. The wild symbol and all low, mid and high value symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols. Empty spaces occurring below big symbols and below big Nitro Reels are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol. A Nitro Multiplier is a blocker that can appear in a Nitro Reel, and holds a value of x4, x6, x8, x10 or x12. It multiplies all wins in view and is multiplicative in case there are several Nitro Multipliers in view. The Nitro Multiplier is only counted as one 1x1 symbol regardless of the size indicator of the Nitro Reel. The number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the Nitro Multiplier symbol spins out. Nitro Reels and Nitro Multipliers that are part of a winning combination are kept and respin during the symbol refill. All wins in the current symbol spin/drop except NPD Holding Cell feature wins are collected and thereafter all symbols which were part of a winning combination explode except for the Nitro Reels. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position, an additional row is added at the top and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear. Each additional symbol drop adds an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 8 rows. The NPD Holding Cell feature triggers randomly during a spin, respin or free spin. A symbol type is randomly chosen. If the symbols of the chosen symbol type are part of a win, they are locked-in and kept together with bonus symbols and Nitro Multipliers during a respin that also expands the main symbol grid. The cycle continues as long as additional symbols of the selected type contribute to the NPD Holding Cell winning combination, or if another NPD Holding Cell feature is triggered. Thereafter the feature ends and locked-in symbols pay out if they generate a win, and the game returns to normal. NPD Holding Cell may be triggered multiple times during a game round, and may also trigger within an ongoing NPD Holding Cell feature, increasing the amount of symbol types that have a holding cell applied. The Nitro Booster consists of three flippers which may award features prior to the main reels stop, after the main reels stop, and after the win evaluation. There are 11 Nitro Booster features; 6 affect the main reels and 5 affect the Nitro Reels. The Nitro Booster features affecting the main reels are Max Rows, Both Ways, Police Report features - Dirty Dawgs and Gritty Kitty, Respin and Boss Battle. The Nitro Booster features affecting the Nitro Reels are Nitro Wild, Nitro Upgrade, Nitro Match and Police Report features - Rogue Rats and Pug Thugs. The Max Rows feature activates when it lands, expanding the reels up to maximum 8 rows. Only 1 Max Rows feature can be triggered in normal mode and bonus mode respectively. The Both Ways feature activates when it lands. All subsequent ways connections then pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and from right to left starting from the rightmost reel. The Both Ways feature then remains active until the bonus mode is triggered or the game round ends. The Both Ways feature remains active for the remaining free spins when activated in bonus mode. Only 1 Both Ways feature can be triggered in normal mode and bonus mode respectively. The NPD Police Report feature Dirty Dawgs replaces a random number of high value symbol types with the Dirty Dawgs high value symbol type. The NPD Police Report feature Gritty Kitty selects a random symbol for scatter pay evaluation. A scatter pay win may begin on any reel but the symbol has to appear on 3 different main reels. The scatter pay win is paid both from left to right and from right to left if the Both Ways feature is active. The Respin feature is activated when there are no more wins. Bonus symbols, wild symbols, Nitro Multiplier and Nitro Reels remain during the Respin. The Nitro Reels respin and new symbols drop in from above to fill up the current active number of rows. Only 1 Respin feature can trigger at a time. The Boss Battle feature is triggered by 3 Boss Battle coins in the Nitro Booster, and it activates at the end of the current spin or free spin. The main reels and Nitro Booster are temporarily replaced by a new grid of 7x8 positions during the Boss Battle feature. Each position is either empty or contains a coin value, or MAX WIN. 3 shots are awarded. Each hit on a coin is collected, the position is emptied and the number of shots is reset to 3. The Boss Battle feature ends when no shots remain or the MAX WIN is awarded. The collected value times the current active bet level is paid out, the main reels and the Nitro Booster return and the game continues. The Nitro Wild feature fills all Nitro Reels straight below the Nitro Wild trigger in the Nitro Booster above with wild symbols. If there are no Nitro Reels on the relevant main reels, the Nitro Wild trigger is kept pending in the Nitro Booster until it can be used or the game round ends. Nitro Reels containing the super bonus symbol or a multiplier are not affected, and do not activate the feature. The Nitro Upgrade feature increases the size indicator and amount of ways of all the Nitro Reels straight below the Nitro Upgrade trigger in the Nitro Booster. Upgrading Nitro Reels with a multiplier increases the multiplier value within the Nitro Reel. If there are no Nitro Reels on the relevant main reels, the Nitro Upgrade trigger is kept pending in the Nitro Booster until it can be used or the game round ends. Nitro Reels containing the super bonus symbol are not affected, and do not activate the feature. The Nitro Match feature fills all Nitro Reels straight below the Nitro Match trigger in the Nitro Booster above with a symbol on the same reel as the Nitro Reel or an adjacent reel to try and create a win. If there are no Nitro Reels on the relevant main reels, the Nitro Match trigger is kept pending in the Nitro Booster until it can be used or the game round ends. Nitro Reels containing the super bonus symbol are not affected, and do not activate the feature. The Police Report feature Pug Thugs moves a randomly selected Nitro Reel to a different position to try and create a win or extend an existing win. Then gravity is applied and additional symbols drop in to fill the empty positions. The NPD Police Report feature Rogue Rats places a random number of Nitro Reels to the main reels. The Nitro Reels replace the existing symbols on the selected positions. A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins. The Super Bonus Game will be triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol. 3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins 4 bonus symbols: 12 free spins 5 bonus symbols: 16 free spins 6 bonus symbols: 20 free spins Super bonus symbols can only appear in a Nitro Reel. A super bonus symbol is only counted as one no matter the Nitro Reel's size indicator. The number of ways to win resets to the previous number when the super bonus symbol spins out. During free spins, all Nitro Reels are kept and remain in play for the remaining free spins. The Both Ways and Max Rows features become deactivated in case they are active when bonus mode is triggered. The Super Bonus game is played with Max Rows and Both Ways activated, and NPD Holding Cell triggering every free spin. The free spins bonus game starts with the safety level set to 4 rows. Every winning free spin advances the safety level one row. Nitro Reels and Big Nitro Reels may advance the safety level several rows at once if they are stacked above the level that a regular win provides. The advancement of the safety level occurs after a winning free spin. The next free spin starts from the new safety level. The safety level can at most advance 4 rows resulting in a total of 8 rows. Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode award additional free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. The Super Bonus Game is triggered in case at least one of the bonus symbols is a super bonus symbol. The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis 5 is 94.0%. The game will be capped at 50 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 9/23/2025