Ninja Monkey Contents: Getting Started How to Play How to Win Bonus Features AUTOPLAY Turbo Mode Game Recovery General Information Getting started Ninja Monkey is a 10 win line, 5 reel slot game featuring expanding reels and a Free Spins Bonus. How to Play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the Free Spins Bonus. Set your bet Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the 'FORTUNE BET' button to double the height of the bonus symbol in the base game and increase the current bet by 50%. Start the game Select the 'SPIN' button to start a game. How to Win Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line, except Bonus. All wins pay left to right during all games. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Bonus Features Mystery Symbol Randomly on any spin, mystery symbols can replace any symbol except Bonus. When revealed, the mystery symbol will be the same symbol in all positions. Expanding Reels When Bonus lands on reels 1 and 3 in the base game, reel 5 will expand up to a maximum of 8 symbols high. If the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, all reels will match the height of the 5th reel at the start of the Free Spins Bonus. If all reels are expanded in the Free Spins Bonus, the win line count increases as follows: 4 symbols high - 15 win lines 5 symbols high - 20 win lines 6 symbols high - 25 win lines 7 symbols high - 30 win lines 8 symbols high - 35 win lines Free Spins Bonus 3 Bonus in view on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the base game trigger 8 free spins. At the beginning of the Free Spins Bonus, all reels expand to match the height of the 5th reel. During the Free Spins Bonus, the monkey can randomly place wilds on the reels for the corresponding free spin. When Bonus lands in view on reels 1 and 3 on any free spin and the reels are not at the maximum of 8 symbols high, reel 5 will expand up to a maximum of 8 symbols high. If a Bonus lands in view on reel 5, the player will receive 4 additional free spins. At the beginning of the next spin, all reels will expand to match the height of the 5th reel. When Bonus lands in view on reels 1 and 3 on any free spin and the reels are at the maximum of 8 symbols high, reel 5 will not expand higher. If a Bonus lands in view on reel 5, the player will receive 4 additional free spins and the reels will not expand further. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol in the base game and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Autoplay Using Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Recovery Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. The RTP for this game is 95%. General Information This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020