Nemo's Voyage Base Game WILD, WILD 2x, WILD 3x, PRESSURE WILD, CLUMPED WILD, and WILD REEL are wild for all symbols except BONUS. BONUS only appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. WILD, WILD 2x, WILD 3x, PRESSURE WILD, CLUMPED WILD, and WILD REEL only appear on reels 2-5. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Altering the total bet will reset the Nautilus to the top of the depth meter and reset the needle in the pressure gauge all the way to the left. Wild Depths Features To the right of the reel array is the Nautilus (submarine), located on a "depth meter". Each spin during the descent of the Nautilus moves it further down the depth meter. At specific points during the descent, the Nautilus will pass a "lock" which will close and a wild feature will be initiated from that point until another lock is passed. A pressure gauge is displayed at the top of the depth meter. Each spin during the descent of the Nautilus moves the needle one tick to the right within the pressure gauge. INCREASE PRESSURE moves the needle several ticks to the right within the pressure gauge. Upon reaching the bottom of the depth meter, additional spins will not descend the Nautilus further, but will still move the needle to the right within the pressure gauge. When the needle has moved all the way to the right within the pressure gauge, the Nautilus will stop descending. When the needle has moved all the way to the right within the pressure gauge, the next time INCREASE PRESSURE lands will trigger the ascension of the Nautilus. The Nautilus will continue to ascend at a steady rate until it reaches a "lock". When the Nautilus has reached a lock, the next spin will move the Nautilus past that lock and continue its ascent. Moving past a lock changes the wild feature to the one that is associated with that area of the depth meter. As the Nautilus ascends, the needle moves steadily to the left within the pressure gauge. DECREASE PRESSURE moves the needle several ticks to the left within the pressure gauge. When the needle has moved all the way to the left within the pressure gauge, or the Nautilus has reached the top of the depth meter, the Nautilus will stop ascending. If the Nautilus reaches the top of the depth meter, the pressure gauge will be reset. After the Nautilus has stopped ascending, the following spin will once again begin the descent of the Nautilus from where it stopped its ascent. Each Wild Depths Feature uses an alternate reel set. DECREASE PRESSURE and INCREASE PRESSURE only appear on reel 5. The depth meter is made up of 5 sections, each containing a number of slices. The number of slices varies from section to section. INCREASE PRESSURE only occurs during the descent of the Nautilus. DECREASE PRESSURE only occurs during the ascent of the Nautilus. Multiplier Wilds When the Nautilus reaches section two, MULTIPLIER WILDS are triggered. When MULTIPLIER WILDS are triggered, all wilds become WILD 2x or WILD 3x and multiply all wins that go through them by 2x or 3x respectively. Multiple MULTIPLIER WILDS on the same winning payline are added together. Pressurized Wilds When the Nautilus reaches section three, PRESSURIZED WILDS are triggered. When PRESSURIZED WILDS are triggered, all wilds are now PRESSURE WILD. PRESSURE WILD landing on a reel will replace all symbols below it with PRESSURE WILD as long as a winning combination can be formed on an active payline with it. Clumped Wilds When the Nautilus reaches section four, CLUMPED WILDS are triggered. When CLUMPED WILDS are triggered, all wilds are now CLUMPED WILD. A number of adjacent positions on reels 2-5 are now replaced with CLUMPED WILD. Wild Reels When the Nautilus reaches section five, WILD REELS are triggered. Every spin while at the bottom of the depth meter will turn 1-3 reels into WILD REEL. All positions on WILD REEL are wild for all symbols except BONUS. Free Spin Bonus 3 scattered BONUS on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Free Spin Bonus. 8 free spins are awarded. Randomly during a spin, a Giant Squid will wrap its tentacles around the reel array and “rip off” a number of symbol positions, making them PERSISTING WILD. Symbol positions turned into PERSISTING WILD will persist for the entirety of the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. PERSISTING WILD is wild for all symbols. The Nautilus does not ascend or descend on the depth meter during the Free Spin Bonus. If the Nautilus was ascending or descending when the Free Spin Bonus was triggered, the first spin upon returning to the base game will restart the ascent or descent of the Nautilus from the same position it was at when the Bonus was initially triggered. Wild Depths Features in the base game are not carried over or triggered within the Free Spin Bonus. During Free Spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins, the bet per line remains the same as the spin that triggered the Bonus. PERSISTING WILD only appears during the Free Spin Bonus. PERSISTING WILD only appears on reels 2-5. Quikset Panel Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Altering the total bet will reset the Nautilus to the top of the depth meter and reset the needle in the pressure gauge all the way to the left. PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021