Night of the Wolf RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 6.6 GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol and Double Free Games Bonus symbol. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol High Pay 1 Symbol High Pay 2 Symbol High Pay 3 Symbol High Pay 4 Symbol Double High Pay 1 Symbol Double High Pay 2 Symbol Double High Pay 3 Symbol Double High Pay 4 Symbol Mid Pay 1 Symbol Mid Pay 2 Symbol Mid Pay 3 Symbol Low Pay 1 Symbol Low Pay 2 Symbol Low Pay 3 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, 5 or more Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 starts the Free Games Bonus. 5 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 5 free games. 6 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 6 free games. 7 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 7 free games. 8 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 8 free games. 1 Double Free Games Bonus 1 symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games Bonus symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Double Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol and Double Free Games Bonus symbol appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Free Games Wild Symbol Free Games High Pay 1 Symbol Free Games High Pay 2 Symbol Free Games High Pay 3 Symbol Free Games High Pay 4 Symbol Free Games Mid Pay 1 Symbol Free Games Mid Pay 2 Symbol Free Games Mid Pay 3 Symbol Free Games Low Pay 1 Symbol Free Games Low Pay 2 Symbol Free Games Low Pay 3 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Last modification date: 10/5/2021