Neon Jungle Game Rules Neon Jungle is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild, Free Spins, Scatter symbols, x4 Multipliers and the Keno Light bonus game. Unlike traditional slots, features are not activated by achieving multiple feature icons consecutively. The scatter prize always awards 250 coins, regardless of the number of Scatter symbols on the reels. The number of free spins awarded is always 6, regardless of the number of Free Spin symbols on the reels. The multiplier feature (appearing around a symbol in a winning combination) always awards a x4 multiplier, this will apply to all active winlines using this symbol. You play a fixed 20 lines per spin (1 coin per line), the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to coins, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. All game features will be triggered by the 'Neon Glow' appearing around the symbols. Wild symbols substitutes for all non-special symbols. Free spins are awarded when a Free Spin symbol, appearing in any position on the reels, is surrounded by the 'Neon Glow'. The Keno Light bonus game will be triggered when a Bonus symbol, appearing in any position on the reels, is surrounded by the 'Neon Glow'. During the Keno Light bonus game, matching the drawn numbers will be paid out according to a dedicated Bonus Game paytable. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop at any time). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. Stop on win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. SCATTER SYMBOL 'Neon Glow' activating around a 'Scatter' symbol, in any position on the reels, awards 250 coins. Only the highlighted scatter symbol will award coins. X4 MULTIPLIER 'Neon Glow' activating around a non-special symbol, in a winning combination, awards a x4 multiplier. This will apply to all active winlines using this symbol. WILD SYMBOL 'Wild' symbols will substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations, they can substitute for all non-special symbols(except for Scatter, Free Spins and Bonus). They will only substitue to pay the highest possible win on any line. FREE SPINS 'Neon Glow' activating around a 'Free Spin' symbol, in any position on the reels, awards 6 free spins. Only the highlighted Free Spin symbol will award free spins. BONUS 'Neon Glow' appearing around a 'Bonus' symbol, in any position on the reels, activates the Keno Light bonus game. Each Keno draw will consist of 15 numbers from the 28 available. The amount awarded will depend on how many of the drawn numbers match the numbers selected, according to the following paytable: 0 - 50 1 - 75 2 - 100 3 - 125 4 - 150 5 - 250 6 - 400 7 - 750 8 - 1500 9 - 7500 10 - 20000 Press the Random button to select 10 numbers at random. Press the Start button to confirm your selection and start the draw Press the Clear button to deselect all selected numbers. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in top the corner and then the gear icon. Settings page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin. Enables or disables the option to press the space bar to spin.(*Not always available) Show help screen on load. Turns the intro help screen on or off. Fast Spin. This setting removes some animations speeds up others to make for an accelerated gaming experience (*Not always available) Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.13%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020