Nudge Royale Welcome to NUDGE ROYALE featuring ROYAL NUDGES, CROWN WILD JACKPOTS and 2X 3X 5X MULTIPLIERS! CROWN WILDS CROWN symbols are WILD. Landing 3 CROWN WILDS on line 1 will award the jackpot of 500x the total stake. Landing 3 wilds on any other line awards 200x. CROWN WILDS on reel 3 can multiply wins by 2x, 3x or 5x. ROYAL NUDGES On any spin, a ROYAL NUDGE WILD can be awarded on reel 3. When this happens the player will be awarded a triggering prize of 3x the total stake and awarded 10 nudges. Reel 3 will lock into place and reels 1 and 2 will nudge. Any wins will be awarded and nudging will continue until all 10 have completed. WIN MULTIPLIERS On any spin, symbols can land with a multiplier of 2x, 3x or 5x. When symbols labelled with a multiplier form part of a win that win is multiplied by the value shown. More than one multiplied symbol in a win can be applied. for example three symbols with of 2x, 3x and 5x would award 2x3x5 = 30 x the regular win value. Wilds on reels 1 and 2 do not have multipliers. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. RETURN TO PLAYER The RTP cannot be affected by player strategy. The overall theoretical RTP is 94.08%. MAX WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. ADDITIONAL INFO There are 9 pay lines, all of which must be played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Collection feature has no influence on the random award of the feature and is purely for entertainment purposes. Last modification date: 3/10/2026