Neon Pyramid 1 Introduction: Neon Pyramid is a 6x4 slot game with 4096 ways to win, featuring a Free Spins bonus with Pyramid entry feature and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play: Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules: All games are played with 4096 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except Bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbols. Wild symbols only appear on reels 3 and 4. Wild symbols are always the full reel height and are x3 multipliers. Wins including wild symbols are multiplied by the value shown on the symbol. 4 Features: 4.1 Wild Reels At random during the base game, the pyramid on top of the reels can animate, delivering wild reels to reels 3 and 4. The wild reels are x3 wilds. 4.2 Bonus Chance At random during the base game, if one or two Bonus symbols have landed in view, the pyramid on top of the reels can animate, adding double height Bonus symbols to the reels that have not yet landed. This increases the chance of additional Bonus symbols landing in view. 4.3 Bonus During the base game, 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view awards the bonus. When the bonus is awarded, the player is presented with the Pyramid feature, in order to determine the number of Free Spins to be awarded in the Free Spins bonus. 4.4 Pyramid Feature If the player triggers the bonus with 3 bonus symbols, they enter the Pyramid feature on the lowest level. If the player triggers the bonus with 4 bonus symbols, they enter the Pyramid feature on the second from lowest level. If the player triggers the bonus with 5 bonus symbols, they enter the Pyramid feature on the second from top level. If the player triggers the bonus with 6 bonus symbols, they enter the Pyramid feature on the top level. Each position of the Pyramid has an independent reel spin. In the Pyramid feature, all positions on the starting level and below will spin and land to reveal a number of Free Spins. These Free Spins will be accumulated and the player will then enter the Free Spins bonus where the accumulated number of Free Spins from the Pyramid feature will be played out. If the player is on the lowest level of the Pyramid, all wilds in the Free Spins bonus will be x5 multiplier wilds. If the player is on the second from lowest level of the Pyramid, all wilds in the Free Spins bonus will be x6 multiplier wilds. If the player is on the second from top level of the Pyramid, all wilds in the Free Spins bonus will be x8 multiplier wilds. If the player is on the top level of the Pyramid, all wilds in the Free Spins bonus will be x10 multiplier wilds. If the player is on the top level of the Pyramid, each spin in the Free Spins bonus will be played with reel 3 wild, reel 4 wild, or both reels 3 and 4 wild. 4.5 Free Spins During the Free Spins, if the Pyramid feature re-entry symbol lands in view, the Pyramid feature is re-entered. The Pyramid feature re-entry symbol only appears on reels 3 and 4 during the Free Spins. If the Pyramid feature is re-entered, the player will move up a level in the Pyramid. All positions in the new level will spin and land to reveal a number of Free Spins. These Free Spins will be accumulated and the player will then re-enter the Free Spins bonus where the additional Free Spins awarded during the Pyramid feature re-entry will be added to any remaining Free Spins from the original Pyramid feature entry. All Free Spins will be played with the wild multiplier associated with the new level. Pyramid feature re-entry is not possible if the player has already completed the Pyramid feature. If the player has no win at the end of the Free Spins bonus, then a 5x bet consolation prize is awarded. 4.6 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information: 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.85%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/22/2022