Neptune's Quest PAYTABLE WILD IS WILD for all symbols except SCATTER Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. RTP Is 93.02%. FREE SPIN BONUS The Free Spins Bonus can be triggered in more than one way! Match 4 symbols in 1 or both reel columns have 3 scattered symbols on reels 9, 10 and 11 Matching symbols that activated the bonus are held during free spins. In reel columns that did not have 4 matching symbols the symbols are replaced with larger symbols 2 rows high and 2 reels wide that act as 4 clumped symbols. During Free Spins EXTENDED WILD is attached to reel 11 and acts as a wild in all spaces that it completely covers on reels 9, 10 and 11. WILD appears on all reels except for reel 11 during the Free Spins Bonus. EXTENDED WILD AND WILD ARE WILD for all symbols except SCATTER. An alternate set of reels is used. Pays are identical to the base game. The line multiplier and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the bonus. 3 SCATTER symbols on reels 9, 10 and 11 award 5 additional free spins plus a trigger pay of 1 X Total Bet. SCATTER only appears on reels 9, 10 and 11. LEGAL Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following lines can contribute to wins. Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. SCATTER only appears on reels 9, 10 and 11. Total bet must be divided equally between each active payline. Therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and (c) 2018 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000