New York Rangers Ultimate Puck LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins A winning bet occurs when the puck hits a inside the goal. On a winning bet, players can be awarded up to 15 Credit Prizes and up to 3 symbols. 3 symbols award Bonus Games. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated if 10 or fewer credit prizes are awarded on any winning bet. If the Multiplier Feature is activated, a Random Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear. All credit prizes will be multiplied by the Random Multiplier. Bonus Games 5 Bonus Games are awarded if the 3 symbols are awarded on a winning bet. 2 additional Bonus Games will be awarded if the puck hits the inside the goal. During Bonus Games, 1 of 4 Progressive Jackpots may be awarded by collecting the associated number of . The Multiplier Feature is not active during Bonus Games. The bet and pays during the Bonus Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Progressive Jackpot Bonus Games must be awarded in order to win 1 of 4 Progressive Jackpots. The 4 Progressive Jackpots are: Mini, Minor, Major, and Mega. If 3 are collected during Bonus Games, the value of the Mini Progressive is awarded. If 5 are collected during Bonus Games, the value of the Minor Progressive is awarded. If 7 are collected during Bonus Games, the value of the Major Progressive is awarded. If 10+ are collected during Bonus Games, the value of the Mega Progressive is awarded. Only 1 Progressive Jackpot can be awarded during Bonus Games. Each bet multiplier has its own Progressive Jackpots and contributions which can only be achieved on the associated bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .30% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. .21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .17% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini: $7.50 Minor: $15.00 Major: $60.00 Mega: $450.00 The start-up values are multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 11/11/2025