Ocean's Opulence RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 14.4 - HIGH GAME RULES This game is played at 1024 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel, or ending with the rightmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Play. BASE GAME WILDS are wild and substitutes for all symbols except [BO1]. WILDS appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4.. FREE GAMES BONUS FEATURE During the base game, Treasure Chests appearing in any position on 5 consecutive reels starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus awards 6 free games per winning combination. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Single Treasure Chests, Double Treasure Chests, and Triple Treasure Chests appearing in any position on the reels are collected. Each Single Treasure Chest, Double Treasure Chests, or Triple Treasure Chests collected awards credits equal to a multiple of the total bet. Each Single Treasure Chest collected awards 1x the total bet. After collecting 5 Single Treasure Chest, Single Treasure Chest is transformed into Double Treasure Chests on the reels for the remainder of the free spins. Each Double Treasure Chests collected awards 2x the total bet. After collecting 10 Double Treasure Chests, Double Treasure Chests are transformed into Triple Treasure Chests on the reels for the remainder of the free spins. Collecting Triple Treasure Chests each awards 3x the total bet. The total Collection Win is awarded at the end of the Free Spins Bonus. Single Treasure Chest , Double Treasure Chests, and Triple Treasure Chests appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Last modification date: 11/9/2021