Oxygen 2 Game Rules Oxygen 2 is a 6 columns x 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are connected vertically or horizontally. Only the largest cluster of the connecting symbols is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the bet level, loss limit and the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol. Oxygen 2 uses the Avalanche mechanic: The game starts with a symbol drop. All winning symbols are collected and are either exploded or, if the symbol is a special wild, activated to be exploded later. Remaining symbols are affected by gravity, meaning they will fall vertically until they reach a resting position. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The avalanche continues as long as new winning combinations appear. The first time a symbol explodes, an oxygen bubble is activated. Every time a symbol explodes on the bubble position the multiplier value is doubled (the activated oxygen bubble counts as x1). Oxygen bubbles are not affected by gravity. All oxygen bubbles and their multiplier values are persistent between free drops in bonus mode. The Multiplier Strike feature places a random amount multipliers on the symbol grid. The multiplier strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or free drop. The Jellyfish feature is a random feature. One or more Jellyfish arrive carrying multipliers. Each Jellyfish will stop at a random number of symbol positions. On each symbol position where a Jellyfish stops, the Jellyfish will add the carried multiplier. If there already is a multiplier where a Jellyfish stops, the existing multiplier will be added to the Jellyfish multiplier and the Jellyfish multiplier will be added to the existing multiplier. An Octopus can randomly appear on the game grid and place itself behind one symbol position. The Octopus feature is triggered if you win on the symbol position with the Octopus. The Octopus feature will then add a random selection of the available multipliers outside of the winning cluster to the win, increasing the win multiplier. The Exploding Wild activates an explode feature when it is part of a winning cluster. The explode feature removes all payout symbols within two cone shaped areas facing up and down from itself or to the left and the right from itself. The feature triggers when no more winning combinations appear. Exploding Wilds and Blaster Wilds within the cone shaped areas will be activated. The Super Exploding Wild activates all unactivated oxygen bubbles behind the exploded symbols. The Blaster Wild triggers when it is part of a winning cluster. The Blaster feature selects a random payout symbol or Wild symbol. The Blaster Wild will then explode and replace all payout symbols with the selected symbol in an X- or Plus- shaped pattern. Any Exploding Wilds or other Blaster Wilds along the pattern will be activated. Symbols affected by multiple Blaster Wild patterns will turn into Wild symbols. Symbols of size 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 may appear in any symbol drop. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols. The big symbols can also have their own multiplier. 3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 10 free drops. Multipliers are persistent when entering the bonus game and between freedrops. The Octopus is persistent in the bonus game. The Octopus moves to a random position in the beginning of each free drop. 4 bonus symbols trigger the super bonus game. During the super bonus game, the Jellyfish feature will be triggered in every free drop. The bonus game and super bonus game can be retriggered. 4 bonus symbols, upgrade to super bonus +7 free drops 3 bonus symbols, +5 free drops 2 bonus symbols, +3 free drops The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed bet. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. No bets can be changed during a game round. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.1%. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes. SUPER BONUS: Guarantees entry to the super bonus game with a minimum of one Jellyfish feature and one Octopus feature in each free drop at the cost of 500x the selected bet. BONUS: Guarantees entry to the bonus game with an Octopus feature in each free drop at the cost of 100x the selected bet. OCTO STRIKE: One drop that guarantees an Octopus feature and at least one Multiplier Strike feature at the cost of 25x the selected bet. SPECIAL WILDS: One drop that guarantees at least three special wilds at the cost of 10x the selected bet. BONUS HUNT: One game round with more than triple the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of 3x the selected bet. An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes are 94.1%. The minimum X-iter cost is $ 0.60, the maximum X-iter cost is $ 50,000.00. All game rules apply in X-iter mode. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/9/2025