1 Million Megaways BC 1 Million MegaWays™ BC is a 6-reel (7 during Free Spins), 2 to 7-row video slot with win ways from 64 to 117649 (128 to 1058841 during Free Spins), featuring Wilds, Sticky Wilds, Free Tumbles and incremental multipliers. You play a fixed 20 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet control. Wins for this game are capped at 45000x stake The spin button plays the game at the currently shown bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYOUT SCREEN. Wins are calculated by: counting the number of consecutive reels with matching symbols and multiplying the relative multipler, shown in the payout values, by the product of the number of matching symbols on each reel. Wild symbols count as all other symbols. Sticky Wild symbols count as all other symbols. Base game Multiplier: After the first winning tumble, the base game multiplier will be set to x2. Every successive win increments the multiplier +2. Maximum multiplier is x8. Multiplier resets at the end of a winning sequence. Multiplier resets when Free Spins start. Free Spins: Freespins are reached by having multiple successive tumbles. A minimum of 4 tumbles is required to trigger 8 Free Spins. Each extra successive win after 4 awards 2 extra Free Spins, up to a maximum of 14. When the reels tumble after a win you are also awarded an additional x1 multiplier Additional central 'Mammoth' reel with up to 9 symbols appears when entering Free Spins. During Free Spins, reels with 7 symbols lock at that number of symbols for the entirety of the Free Spins Feature. Each locked reel awards 1 additional Free Spin. During Free Spins, the central reel with 9 symbols locks at that number of symbols for the entirety of the Free Spins Feature, and awards 5 additional Free Spins. During Free spins, when a reel locks it also awards 1 additional multiplier per reel. The current multiplier applies to any win earned while that mutliplier is in effect, increases will affect all subsequent wins. Multiplier resets at the end of Free Spins. Sticky Wild: Sticky Wilds can only appear on the central 'Mammoth' reel once it locks at 9 symbols during Free Spins. Sticky Wilds stay on the reels while spinning. Sticky Wilds can tumble down the reel, and will stick in their new position. Up to 9 Sticky Wilds can appear on the central 'Mammoth' reel. Wilds substitute all other symbols. Sounds Page: To access sound settings, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the speaker from the menu Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Spin Settings: To access Spin Settings, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar.(Only for desktop) Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Game History: To access Game History, click the Hamburger menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. You can review the game results from any of your past games through this helpful interface. You can select any bet from your last 100 spins, and drill into each reel result to see a spin or tumble result if you wish to examine any game results. Bet Control: You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control. The Arrows either side of your bet value lets you change the stake The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/20. Advanced Autoplay Options: To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol. On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round. On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player: The return to player for this game is 96.20 % Additional Information: The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £225,000 Last modification date: 9/3/2020