Owl Eyes Untitled Document Owl Eyes is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During the regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the selectable lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.30%. Game Rules Play 1 to 50 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered MOON All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered MOON which pay any OWL appears Stacked on Reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for all symbols except scattered MOON The prize is doubled when OWL substitutes in a winning combination FREE GAMES FEATURE 5 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more scattered MOON appear During the Free Games ADDITIONAL STACKED WILDS ARE ADDED TO THE REELS The feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if applicable) may not be gambled How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game The game displays all your details in the following display fields. Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/29/2021