Ooh Aah Dracula Game Introduction Dracula is 5 reel game with 3 symbols in view for each reel. The game features a fantastic multi level free spin bonus and a Big Bet game which pays a whopping 99%. How to play Select your stake - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 10 win lines. The win lines are not adjustable in this game. Start the game Press SPIN to initiate the game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'STOP' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Free Spins Bonus Three scattered feature symbols on reels 1 to 5 trigger the Free Spins Bonus, awarding 15 initial free spins and the chance to improve on this in the Heart Attack Bonus. The Heart Attack Bonus locks the players free spin symbols in place and spins any reels without free spin symbols for a chance to improve entry into free spins by landing up to 5 free spin symbols. On entering free spins, one of the symbols is chosen to be wild for that round of free spins. Four scattered feature symbols on reels 1 to 5 award the "Stake it or Leave it Free Spins" which offer the player 2 rounds of free spins, round 1 consists of 15 free spins with 1 wild symbol and round 2 of 10 free spins with 2 wild symbols. Once round 1 has completed the player has the option of accepting the round 1 win or gambling this on the outcome of round 2. Five scattered symbols on reels 1 to 5 award the "Super Stake it or Leave it Free Spins" which offer the player 3 rounds of free spins, round 1 consists of 15 free spins with 1 wild symbol and round 2 of 10 free spins with 2 wild symbols and round 3 consists of 5 free spins with 3 wild symbols. At each stage the player is asked to make a decision to either accept the current win or gamble it on the outcome of the next round. Best Strategy Indicator To assist the player in their decision making, we have included a feature to indicate what is statistically the best decision. The hand that rises from the grave will point to indicate whether collecting or continuing is the best decision. The best strategy indicated does not guarantee the outcome in any individual game. Big Bet Game Play 5 linked spins for the selected stake. The Big Bet game has a whopping 99% return and activates the Graveyard Bonus and Super Graveyard Bonus which allow the player to multiply any free spin wins at the end of the free spin round. At best strategy the expected return for this game is 96%. At best strategy the expected return for this game is 99% when playing the Big Bet game. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020