Odin Infinity Reels Megaways Odin Infinity Reels Megaways TM is an innovative slot game with new mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Combined with Megaways TM mechanic - Each win may bring you a chain of reactions of additional wins. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the Infinity Bonus. On 15th reel, the player is awarded the Infinity Bonus Prize of 888x total bet. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.18% Rules Wild VALKNUT substitutes for all symbols except GUNGNIR. Scatter Any GUNGNIR symbol win triggers Free Spins. Symbols Pays All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, except GUNGNIR which pay any. Symbols must appear left to right on at least 3 reels to form a win (except GUNGNIR). Symbol wins (except GUNGNIR) are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of ways for the symbol. GUNGNIR pays any, where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. GUNGNIR wins are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of GUNGNIR symbols. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of Megaways TM to win. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. In the base game, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. In Free Spins Levels 1, 2, 3 and 4, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively every time a new reel is added. The Symbol Multiplier is not reset between Free Spins. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Infinity Bonus A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any spin that results in 12 or more reels being added. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. Free Spins Any GUNGNIR symbol win triggers Free Spins. The Symbol Multiplier is not reset on trigger of or between individual Free Spins. There are four Free Spin Levels. In Free Spins Levels 1, 2, 3 and 4, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1, 2, 3 and 4 respectively every time a new reel is added. Upon triggering Free Spins, two wheels are presented to the player. The First Wheel is spun to randomly award one of the four Free Spin Levels. The Second Wheel is spun to randomly award 8, 10 or 12 Free Spins. Any GUNGNIR symbol win during Free Spins awards an extra 4 spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Each Wheel displays a true and accurate depiction of the winning odds. Each Free Spin Level has an equal chance of being awarded. The chances of being awarded 8, 10 or 12 Free Spins are as follows: - 8 Free Spins: 1 in 3 chance. - 10 Free Spins: 1 in 2 chance. - 12 Free Spins: 1 in 6 chance. Wheels may be spun in either order by selecting the left or right side of the screen. Game Rules Select a Total Bet amount. Base Bet is Total Bet divided by 30. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, except GUNGNIR which pays any. Symbols must appear left to right on at least 3 reels to form a win (except GUNGNIR). Symbol wins (except GUNGNIR) are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of ways for the symbol. GUNGNIR pays any, where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. GUNGNIR wins are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of GUNGNIR symbols. Each reel can have up to 5 symbols Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. VALKNUT substitutes for all symbols except GUNGNIR. WILD VALKNUT can only appear on reel 2 and onwards. There is a maximum game round win cap of 20,000 x total bet. If at any point during a game round the total win for the game round reaches 20,000 x total bet or more, the game rounds ends immediately and 20,000 x total bet is awarded (Any Free Spins and/or Free Spins triggers are cancelled when 20,000 x total bet win cap is reached). The Infinity Bonus is included in the win cap (if it breaks the win cap it is reduced accordingly). Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 50 spins. Last modification date: 11/16/2022