Opal Fruits Introducing the game Opal Fruits is a six-reel video slot featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Triple Reaction™ with 5,625 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Extra Reels The Extra Reels add symbols above and below reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels, from the left on the top Extra Reel and from the right on the bottom Extra Reel. Symbol Wins All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters and appear in Extra Reels only. x3 Wilds may also appear in the base game. All wins with an x3 Wild are multiplied by 3. x3 Wilds multiply each other on different columns and add together on the same column. Scatter The Scatter symbol can appear in any of the six vertical reels. Get 4 FREE Scatters to win 10 Free Spins. Any extra Scatters increase the Free Spin Win Multiplier. Free Spins During Free Spins, there is an unlimited Win Multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. An extra Scatter starts the Win Multiplier at x5. Every additional Scatter thereafter increases the starting Win Multiplier by x10. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spins Retrigger Every time the Win Multiplier reaches a multiple of 10, an additional 5 Free Spins are awarded. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.67% In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021