Oxygen Game rules Oxygen is a 6 columns x 7 rows slot with dropping symbols and cluster wins. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins are paid for a cluster of 5 or more identical symbols connected vertically or horizontally. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. The game is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. The Wild symbols substitute for any payout symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest payout symbol. The game starts with a symbol drop. All wins in the current symbol drop are collected and symbols which were part of a winning combination is removed. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position. New symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The avalanche continues as long as new winning combinations appear. Every winning combination doubles the multiplier value on the symbol positions covered by the winning combination. The first win on any given symbol position adds an X1 multiplier (bubble), from which the multiplier value is doubled for every new wining combination covering. All multiplier values are persistent between free drops in Bonus mode. The biggest single multiplier is 2048. The Multiplier Strike feature places a random amount multipliers on the symbol grid. The multiplier strike feature can trigger in any symbol drop or free drop. The multiplier collector feature collects and adds all multiplier values in view to the collectors symbol position. The multiplier collector feature activates when part of a winning cluster. The Multiplier collector feature can be persistent. The dealer feature multiplies all multiplier values in an area of one or more adjacent vertically or horizontally V shapes with the multiplier value on the dealers symbol position (minimum x2).The multiplier dealer feature activates when part of a winning cluster. The multiplier dealer feature can be persistent. The exploding Wild is a Wild symbol that activates when it is part of a winning cluster. The exploding Wild removes all payout symbols within an X-shape area above and below itself. The exploding Wild detonates when no more winning combinations appear. All features within the X-Shape area will be triggered. The X-Blaster Wild is a Wild symbol that triggers when it is part of a winning cluster. A random payout symbol or wild symbol is selected and replaces all payout symbols in an X-shape. Exploding Wilds or X-Blasters on its trajectory will be triggered. Symbols affected by multiple X-Blasters will turn into Wild symbols. 3 bonus symbols trigger the bonus game with 10 free drops. Multipliers are persistent when entering the bonus game and between freedrops. In Super Bonus at least one multiplier feature is persistent. Bonus game can be retriggered. 3 Bonus symbols, +5 free drops 2 Bonus symbols, +3 free drops The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed bet. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. No bets can be changed during a game round. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.1%. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 3/13/2025