Pharaoh Getting Started: Pharaoh is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There are multiple bonus games and reel modifiers. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, or a bonus feature. Set your bet Pharaoh has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus Features Bonus feature wins are awarded for 3 BONUS symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5. There are three bonus games available to the player. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game substitutes for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Reel Modifiers The Pharaoh may appear from the right of the reels to award a reel modifier. This may either award 'Super Bonus Reels, 'Wild Winner' or 'Win Streak'. The Pharaoh may not always award a reel modifier. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Auto Play: Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Bonus Features: Bonus Entry Feature When the bonus is triggered, you are presented with a map of Egyptian monuments. You will start at the lower-middle monument and must roll the dice by selecting the 'Roll' button. Landing on one of the three feature names will award that particular feature. Landing on an arrow will allow you to move inwards towards the centre of the map. If you land on an empty monument, you must roll again. Pyramid of Prizes You must ascend the stairway of prizes by selecting the 'STOP' button. This will stop the selector on a value or arrow on the bottom row. Landing on a value will add that amount to the current total win. Landing on an arrow will move the selector up to the next level. Landing on a value with 'collect' written on it will add that value to the total win and end the feature. Upon reaching the very top of the stairway 'Pharaoh Wild Spins' or 'Pharaoh Spins' feature will be awarded. All prizes are accumulative and are multiples of the total bet. Pharaoh Spins You will be initially presented with a large wheel. Select SPIN to spin the wheel to select either an amount of free spins, a multiplier or a wild substitution. A multiplier will multiply all wins by the shown amount. Wild substitution will replace all of the selected symbols with wilds. The amount of free spins, multipliers and wild substitutions can be increased by spinning again. Once a particular segment has been selected, it will then turn into a STOP. Landing on a STOP will switch to the Pharaoh spins screen.The selected amount of free spins will then begin automatically. Pharaoh Wild Spins You will be awarded four Pharaoh Wild Spins. This will place two wilds per spin on the reels. These wilds will remain on the reel screen for the next spin but may move to new positions. Reel Modifiers: Reel modifiers are awarded when the Pharaoh walks on to the screen and unravels a scroll. There are three possible reel modifiers that occur randomly during a normal spin. Super Bonus Reels An increased amount of Bonus symbols will appear for one spin, significantly increasing the chance of a bonus game entry. Wild Winner This will place an increased amount of wilds on the reels for one spin, guaranteeing a win of least x6 stake. Win Streak This will award several consecutive winning spins. Fortune Bet Selecting the Fortune Bet button will double the size of the bonus symbols, increasing the chance of bonus entry. Enabling Fortune Bet will increase the total bet by 50%. To disable Fortune Bet, select the Fortune Bet button again. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 2, 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Pharaoh logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. The bonus games will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. Fortune Bet RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020