Pirots 2 Game rules Pirots 2 is a 6 row by 6 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns. All drops in normal mode start with amber symbols on payout level 1 and with a grid size of 6 rows and 6 columns. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically.Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Pirots 2 is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. Pirots 2 has four collecting bird symbols that can move around the game grid. Each bird is paired with an amber symbol of the same color as the bird. The birds can collect the amber symbols of the same color as the bird and all feature symbols. Paying symbols consist of amber symbols of the same color as the moving bird, coins and wild symbols. Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting orthogonally adjacent paying symbols. The birds collect symbols by moving to horizontally or vertically adjacent collectable symbols. Amber symbols can be individually upgraded to higher payout levels, up to a maximum payout level of 7. If there are more collectable symbols, the birds will keep collecting until they can't collect more symbols. This means that a bird can move several times prior to a symbol refill. A bird that collects a feature symbol triggers that symbol's feature. The order of movement of the birds depends on the current payout of the amber symbols. The birds move in descending order of symbol payout. Above the game grid there is a symbol collection meter. The meter keeps track of the collected symbols. Only amber symbols and wild symbols count. The symbol collection meter continues to count collected symbols until the birds can't collect more symbols. When the symbol collection meter is full, one pending feature symbol release is added. Up to three feature symbol releases can be stacked simultaneously. All stacked feature symbol releases are awarded simultaneously. A feature symbol release is awarded just before an egg symbol hatches, before the meteor strikes, as a part of the first free drop in the bonus game, or when the birds can't collect any more symbols. A feature symbol release converts a number of random amber symbols into random feature symbols. There are eight different types of feature symbols in Pirots 2; bonus symbols, wild symbols, coins, upgrade symbols, egg symbols, transform symbols, popcorn symbol, and the "red button". The bonus game with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during an active game round. The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns. The current progress on the symbol collection meter is brought into the bonus game. If there are pending feature symbol releases at the start of the bonus game, they will be released as a part of the first free drop. A collected upgrade symbol upgrades the payout level of amber symbols of the same color as the bird that collected the upgrade symbol. The payout level of the amber symbols increases by 1-3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7. A collected upgrade all symbol upgrades all four amber symbols simultaneously. The payout level of the amber symbols increases 1-3 steps, up to a maximum payout level of 7. An egg symbol collected by a bird hatches a dinosaur at the end of the game round, when the birds are unable to collect more symbols. The birds are then scared away from the game grid, forcing them to redrop and land in new places. If a feature symbol release is pending, it will be released just before the egg hatches. A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of amber symbols next to the bird into the same color as the bird that collected the transform symbol. It may also convert a random number of amber symbols into feature symbols. The popcorn symbol places a popcorn in empty grid spaces when it is collected by a bird. The birds are then able to cross empty spaces one time each to reach additional symbols. A "red button" or meteor symbol collected by a bird triggers a meteor strike at the end of the game round when the birds are unable to collect more symbols. It removes the birds from the grid, and also removes all symbols, except feature symbols, in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty symbol places. The meteor strike also expands the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns. If there is a pending feature symbol release, it will be released just before the meteor strike. A collected egg performs its action first in case there are both a collected egg and a collected "red button" in view. The wild symbol substitutes for any amber symbol at their current respective payout level. A collected coin symbol pays its value times the current active bet level. The MAX WIN coin immediately pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win. Adjacent birds may perform a "Switcheroo" where they switch places horizontally or vertically when they can't collect more symbols. It may only happen if new clusters of symbols can be unlocked. If three or more birds end up horizontally or vertically next to each other, they will start a fight. The fight will take place over a random area on the game grid. Bonus symbols, coins, eggs and "red button" symbols along the fight cloud's path will be automatically collected, while amber symbols are removed. The birds are redropped once the fight is over, and a symbol refill occurs to fill empty symbol places. Bonus mode with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during normal mode. 5 free drops are awarded. The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns. The grid size, the progress on the symbol collection meter, the payout level of the amber symbols, and the collection of additional bonus symbols are all persistent during the bonus game. Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during bonus mode award additional free drops. The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out.. The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. RTP - 94.1% Last modification date: 2/24/2026