Pirate Pigs Game Rules Pirate Pigs is a 5-reel game with 1,024 ways to win. Winning combinations are formed by matching 2 or more symbols across adjacent reels, beginning at the leftmost reel. Wins Winning combinations are formed by matching 2 or more symbols across adjacent reels, beginning at the leftmost reel. Wild symbols can land on reels 2 and 4 only. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Golden Coin symbols, Collector Pigs, and Scatter symbols. Pays are made according to the pay table. Pay table can be found by clicking information. Only the largest win combination for each winline is awarded. Multiple symbols can form win combinations per spin. Wins are made and presented according to the player's currency. How to Calculate Wins To calculate a ways to win value, first count the number of matching symbols on each reel. Multiply these numbers together to get a total ‘ways’ value. Count the total number of reels the symbol is matched across and check the value of this number of symbols in the pay table - e.g. a winning symbol across 4 reels will pay according to the ‘4’ value in the pay table. Multiply this value by the total ‘ways’ value calculated first. How to Play Select a bet size and press spin to begin. Randomisation The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.5%. Technical Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in software refunds bets. The English version of these rules settle all disputes. Golden Coin symbols Coin symbols can land on reels 1-4 and pay their prize as a times bet value. All Coin symbol prizes will be multiplied by the base bet and awarded as a win. Possible prize values are 0.2, 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 5, 7.5 or 15 times base bet. Collector Pigs There are 4 Collector Pigs in Pirate Pigs, which can land on reel 5 only. - Percy: Blue - Poppy: Red - Pip: Green - Porker: Purple When a Collector Pig lands, it will collect the value of all Golden Coin symbols in view, awarding the total amount as a win. Game Level Upgrades Landing certain Collector Pigs on reel 5 will upgrade levels. When the player upgrades to a new level, one of the Collector Pigs is upgraded. To progress from the first level, players can land any collector pig. After the first level, players must land the most recently upgraded Pig in view to progress. Within Pirate Pigs, there are 5 levels of progression. - Level 0: all players begin on level 0. All pigs are standard collectors. - Level 1: activated by landing any Collector Pig. - Level 2: activated by landing Percy. - Level 3: activated by landing Poppy. - Level 4: activated by landing Pip. As players progress through levels, Collector Pigs are upgraded. - Level 0: no Pigs are upgraded. - Level 1: Blue Collector Pig (Percy) is upgraded. - Level 2: Blue Collector Pig (Percy) and Red Collector Pig (Poppy) are upgraded. - Level 3: Blue Collector Pig (Percy), Red Collector Pig (Poppy), and Green Collector Pig (Pip) are upgraded. - Level 4: all Pigs are upgraded. Once reaching Level 4, no further progression is possible. Once a Collector Pig has been upgraded, it will not reset. Collector Pig Enhancers Each Collector Pig offers a different enhancer once upgraded. - Percy: doubles Golden Coin symbols once collected. - Poppy: adds all of the Golden Coin symbols per reel, and then expands the accumulated value on to every symbol position. - Pip: boosts Golden Coin symbols before collection. - Porker: initiates Hold and Win Respins, continuing until no new Golden Coin symbols land in view. Ways To Win (symbol wins) are not active during Hold and Win Respins. Instant Prize Spin Randomly, an Instant Prize Spin may be triggered on any spin with no regular symbol win or Pig Collection. The Prize Wheel will appear and spin to reveal one of four prizes. All prizes will be multiplied by the base bet and awarded as a win. - Mini: 20 times base bet - Minor: 50 times base bet - Major: 200 times base bet - Mega: 2,500 times base bet Free Spins Land 3 Scatter symbols anywhere in view to trigger 10 Free Spins. All Collector Pigs that were upgraded in the triggering spin will remain upgraded for the duration of Free Spins. Level Upgrade is not achievable during Free Spins. During Free Spins, all Collector Pigs that land in view will be collected, awarding additional spins and multipliers: - Collect 3 Collector Pigs: additional 5 spins and x2 multiplier on all Golden Coin collections. - Collect 3 more Collector Pigs (6 total): additional 5 spins and x3 multiplier on all Golden Coin collections. - Collect 3 more Collector Pigs (9 total): additional 5 spins and x5 multiplier on all Golden Coin collections. - Collect 3 more Collector Pigs (12 total): additional 5 spins and x10 multiplier on all Golden Coin collections. Multipliers apply in addition to Collector Pig enhancers. Free Spins are played at same line and same bet in which they are triggered in base game. The maximum number of Free Spins available is 30. Free Spins end when no spins remain. Other The English version of these rules settle all disputes. © 2025 DreamSpin Ltd. All rights reserved Men Pay tabl Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 3/4/2026