Pyramids of Luxor BASE GAME RULES Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. The base game contains up to 3125 ways to win. Wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. All wins on multiple ways are added together. WILDS WILD and substitutes for all symbols except ,The WILD symbol ONLY appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. PHAROAH'S RESPIN In the base reel game, a Pyramid may be displayed showing the respin symbol . The reels will spin again and show a new position which will result in a win. TUTANKHAMUN SYMBOL When the appears on reel 3 you will be awarded one of two modifiers: PYRAMID RESPIN Occurs when at least one appears at the same time as the . You are awarded 2-5 and a respin. The PYRAMIDS OF LUXOR bonus will trigger on this respin. WILD RESPIN If a PYRAMID RESPIN is not awarded then the WILD RESPIN is awarded instead. 2-6 are placed and a respin occurs. PYRAMIDS OF LUXOR BONUS When 4 or more symbols appear anywhere on the reels, the PYRAMIDS OF LUXOR bonus is triggered. from the base game triggering spin are held into the bonus. Three respins are awarded. If another symbol appears in any position on the reels, the spins remaining counter is reset to 3 and the new symbol(s) are held. Each symbol will display a corresponding prize value (1x-50x). Randomly on a spin the PYRAMID OF LUXOR will rotate to display and activate a modifier as follows: Reset spin counter to 3 Multiply any new on the current spin by 2x Multiply any new on the current spin by 5x Multiply any new on the current spin by 10x Upto 3 SUPER PYRAMIDS appear on the reels. SUPER PYRAMIDS have larger prize values than regular PYRAMID symbols (75x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x). The bonus continues until there are no spins remaining, or all 25 reel positions contain a or symbol. If no additional symbols land during the bonus, the spins remaining counter will reset to 3 until at least 1 symbol has landed. BONU$PLAY™ You can choose to play the PYRAMIDS OF LUXOR bonus by pressing the BONU$PLAY™ button. This function may not be available due to the jurisdiction in which you are located. The cost of the BONU$PLAY™ feature is displayed on screen. Press CONFIRM to begin the game. The reels will spin to a position containing between 4 and 10 symbols, and the bonus will begin. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. TURBO MODE The Turbo Mode button is displayed on the bottom right of the reels with an 'ON' and 'OFF' option. Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. When Free Spins are awarded Turbo Mode will be unavailable. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. Turbo Mode may not be available in your jurisdiction. LEGAL NOTICE In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The expected return for this game is 93.96%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/7/2025