Phillies Fastball Frenzy LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above "+" Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing "-" until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Addional Information The overall return to player is 93.91%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins A winning bet occurs when the pitcher throws the ball into on the . 3 to 18 credit prizes are awarded on a winning bet. If the pitcher throws the ball and it hits the inside the , the Feature will be awarded. Feature During the Feature, the player picks , revealing a or a . Every successful revealed adds x2 to the current total prize multiplier. The feature ends if a is revealed, or if a is earned. The multiplier available in the feature are: ◦ 2x - ◦ 4x - ◦ 6x - ◦ 8x - ◦ 10x - ◦ 12x - ◦ 14x - ◦ 16x - ◦ 18x - ◦ 20x - During the Feature, up to 10 credit prizes can be awarded. All credit prizes will be multiplied by the final multiplier. More Chances This game features multiple chances for each game cycle. GAME has X chances per game cycle. The total win for all chances during a game cycle will be presented at the boom in the win meter. At the conclusion of all chances, the game will award the entire amount shown in the win meter. Players cannot bet until all X chances have completed. Last modification date: 8/5/2025