Pirots Game rules Pirots is a 5 row by 5 column slot with dropping symbols. The game can expand the grid up to a maximum of 8 rows by 8 columns. The minimum bet is € 0.20, and the maximum bet is € 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins are generated by a bird moving and collecting orthogonally adjacent paying symbols. Paying symbols consist of gems of the same color as the moving bird, coins and wild symbols. A bird can only collect orthogonally adjacent symbols. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Pirots is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. All game rounds in normal mode start with a grid size of 5 rows and 5 columns. The maximum grid size is 8 rows and 8 columns. Birds move and collect all feature symbols and gems of the same color as the birds themselves. Only orthogonally adjacent symbols can be collected. All symbols collected except bonus symbols count. A feature award is triggered when enough symbols have been collected by the birds during an active game round. When triggered, 3 gems will turn into feature symbols when no additional symbols can be collected. Several feature awards can be accumulated and triggered at the same time. Adjacent birds might randomly switch places when there are no more wins, and there is a chance to create a win. All drops in normal mode start with gems on win level 1. The gems can upgrade and reach a maximum win level of 5. There are six different feature symbols; wild symbols, transform symbols, upgrade symbols, coins, bombs and bonus symbols. The wild symbol substitutes for any gem at their current respective win level. A collected transform symbol transforms a cluster of gems around it into the same color as the bird that collected it, or into a random number of feature symbols. The white upgrade symbol upgrades gems of the same color as the bird that collected it. The win level of the gems increases by 1 to 3 steps, up to a maximum of 5. Another randomly selected gem will be upgraded instead in case the gem off the bird's color has already reached the maximum win level. No upgrade occurs if all gems are at the maximum win level. A collected multicolored upgrade symbol upgrades all gem types at the same time. The win level of the gems increases by 1 to 3 steps, up to a maximum of 5. No upgrade occurs if all gems are at the maximum win level. A coin symbol collected by a bird pays its value times the current active bet level. A bomb symbol collected by a bird explodes when there are no more wins in view. It removes all symbols, except feature symbols, in close proximity of it, resulting in a redrop to fill empty symbol places. All birds are temporarily removed from the grid during the explosion, but they reappear at the birds' nests in conjunction with the symbol refill. The birds will get new positions. The explosion also expands the game grid, up to a maximum 8 rows by 8 columns. Bonus mode with free drops is triggered if the birds collect three bonus symbols during normal mode. 5 free drops are awarded. The free drops bonus game starts on the current active number of rows and columns. The grid size, the symbol collection and the win level of the gems are persistent during free drops. Three bonus symbols collected by the birds during bonus mode award additional free drops. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Pirots is 94.0%. The game has a maximum win of 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers several different game modes. SUPER BONUS: Guarantees a game round with entry to the super bonus game. All free drops are played with the maximum grid size, and all upgrade symbols upgrade all gems at the cost of 500x the selected bet. BONUS: Guarantees a game round with entry to the bonus game at the cost of 100x the selected bet. MAXIMUM GRID SIZE: One drop that is played with the maximum grid size at the cost of 25x the selected bet. FEATURE BONANZA: One drop with a guaranteed full symbol collection triggering a feature award at the cost of 10x the selected bet. BONUS HUNT: One drop with quadruple the chance to trigger the bonus game at the cost of 3x the selected bet. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. The minimum X-iter cost is € 0.60, and the maximum cost is € 50,000.00. The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Pirots is 94.0%. All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well. Last modification date: 4/23/2025