Plinko ABOUT THE GAME Plinko is a game where the aim is to drop balls into multipliers through a pyramid made of several Rows of pegs! The ball will bounce off the pegs and alter its path as it travels down the pyramid. The multipliers in the middle are easier to reach and award less, while the multipliers at the edges are more difficult to reach and award more! Before placing your bet, you may configure the game’s settings by choosing how many Rows to play with and what level of Risk you prefer. Both of these parameters affect the available multipliers at the bottom of the pyramid. Find a configuration that is to your liking and suits your playstyle! PAYOUT DISPLAY Several multipliers are displayed under the pyramid that constitutes the playing field, slightly below and between the pegs in the final Row. These multipliers show how much you will be awarded if your ball lands there. The actual amount awarded will be calculated by multiplying your bet level with the awarded multiplier. SETTINGS MENU The game settings are configurable in the settings menu. The available Risk levels that can be selected are Low, Medium and High. The selected Risk changes the configuration of the Multipliers at the bottom of the pyramid. The minimum number of Rows that can be selected is 8 and the maximum is 16. The selected number of Rows affects the number of multipliers at the base of the pyramid: for each additional Row, the available number of multipliers increases by 1. RETURN TO PLAYER The RTP of this game is 98.98%. The RTP is deterministically calculated by a theoretical probability model. The RTP was verified by running 10,000,000,000 simulations. The max win for this game is 3843.3 times your bet, depending on your chosen game configuration. WAYS TO WIN Place at least one bet to drop a ball, and wait for the ball to reach the bottom of the pyramid and fall into one of the multipliers. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 7/30/2024