Pink Elephants 2 Note : The Pink Elephants 2 video slot is referred to as Pink Elephants 2, The Game or Game. 1. Pink Elephants 2 is a video slot with 6 reels and 4096 pay ways. The game features a Mystery Scatter feature, Wild symbols and a Bonus Game with free spins, symbol transformations and retriggers. The theoretical return to player is 96.13%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. No bets can be altered during a game round. 4. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 5. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 6. Only the highest win per pay way is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right in combinations according to the pay table. 7. All pay way wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 8. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 9. The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbols in the Base Game and Bonus Game, except for the Scatter symbol. 10. In the Base Game, 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Bonus Game consisting of free spins. The amount of awarded free spins depends on the number of scatters, according to the pay table. 11. In the Base Game, 1 to 5 Mystery Scatter symbols may be triggered in any spin, increasing the chance to win the Bonus Game. 12. In the Bonus Game, Elephant Orbs are collected to fill four symbol meters. Each time a meter is filled, the corresponding symbol is replaced with the next mid-win symbol according to the pay table. When the last symbol meter is filled, all mid-win symbols will turn into the Pink Elephant Symbol for the remainder of the Bonus Game. Each time a meter is filled the player is awarded with 1 extra free spin. 13. In the Bonus Game, 2 or more scatter symbols award an extra amount of free spins according to the pay table. 14. The Bonus Game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus Game. 15. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. 16. The maximum total bet multiplier for one game round is 10000. If this limit is reached the game round will be terminated an no additional wins will be paid out. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. This is the action button. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. The maximum win from a single game is 500,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020