Power of the Gods: The Panthenon Power of Gods: The Pantheon is a 5-reel, 3-row, video slot featuring Kraken Free Spins, Zeus Spins Bonus and Aphrodite Spins Bonus. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed). Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from the leftmost reel to right. Bonus features are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated them. WILD is a paying symbol. SPECIAL FEATURES Accumulating symbols There are 2 accumulating symbols that increase the bonus game meters. The symbol increasing the Zeus Spins Bonus Meter is the lightning icon. The lightning symbol does not occur during Kraken Free Spins and other bonus features. The symbol increasing the Aphrodite Spins Bonus Meter is the rose icon. The rose symbol does not occur during Kraken Free Spins and other bonus features. Each bonus meter can be filled with up to 5 counters. Zeus Spins Bonus After filling the Zeus Spins Bonus Meter with 5 lightning tokens and landing a further 6th lightning icon, Zeus Spins Bonus is awarded. Zeus Spins Bonus grants 5 Free Spins. After each spin, up to 6 Wilds overlay other symbols at random. Aphrodite Spins Bonus After filling the Aphrodite Spins Bonus Meter with 5 rose tokens and landing a further 6th rose icon, the Aphrodite Spins Bonus is granted. Aphrodite Spins Bonus awards 5 Free Spins. After each spin, 8 random symbols are removed and symbols from above take their place. If any winning combinations are formed, a win is collected and the win counter increases. The winning symbols are removed and symbols from above take their place. This continues until there are no new winning combinations on the reels. After forming a second and further consecutive winning combinations, the win multiplier increases to x2, x3, x5 or x7 respectively. When it reaches x7, its value applies to all further winnings until there are no winning combinations on the reels. Kraken Free Spins Drawing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Symbols anywhere on the reels awards 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Free Spins cannot be retriggered again during Free Spins. After calculating the win after each spin, the reels move one position to the right. The 5th reel is thus removed and new symbols are drawn on reel 1. This continues until there are no new winning combinations on the reels. With each consecutive reel shift, the win multiplier increases to x2, x3, x5 or x7. When it reaches x7, its value applies to all further winnings until there are no winning combinations on the reels. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has a maximum of seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 1/3/2024