Piggy Payouts 2 : Pig Out LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.89%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins Each wager randomizes the playfield. Every visible on the playfield has a chance of breaking the piggy bank . A winning bet occurs when the piggy bank breaks open and explodes. 1-12 Credit Prizes are awarded on a winning bet. A present on the playfield guarantees a win by breaking the piggy bank and may award the Multiplier Feature. The piggy bank animations, cracks, and size are for entertainment purposes only and cannot be used to determine chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated on any winning bet where 1 - 3 are present. If the Multiplier Feature is activated, a random multiplier will appear based on the amount of symbols present: 1 : A possible multiplier of x2 or x3 2 : A possible multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, or x6 3 : A possible multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, or x9 Only Credit Prizes will be multiplied by the random multiplier. The Respin Feature is not multiplied. Respin Feature Press to start this feature. The Respin Feature is activated when a is present anywhere on the grid. During the Respin Feature, a secondary lock and hold game will take place on a 3x3 grid. The player will start with 3 spins. Collecting a in the 3x3 grid will lock the symbol and reset the spin counter to 3. When the player fills up all 9 squares on the grid, or no spins are remaining, the feature ends, and pays out the values on each collected . awards the mini prize. awards the minor prize. Filling the entire 3x3 grid with any 9 awards the Major progressive jackpot. Progressive Jackpot The start-up value for the Major Progressive Jackpot is $250.00 at minimum bet. The start-up value is multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. Each bet multiplier has its own Major Progressive Jackpot and contributions. .25% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. Those unique progressives and contributions can only be achieved on the associated bet multiplier. Only one Major Progressive Jackpot can be awarded. There is no upper limit on the Major Progressive Jackpot values. The Major Progressive Jackpot meter is reset each time it is awarded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/11/2025