Pirate Pays Introducing the game Pirate Pays is a 6 reel Megaways™ game with up to 117,649 ways to win, featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megascatter™ Enhanced Bonus Round. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Extra Reel The extra reel adds a symbol to the reel it is below for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions Every winning symbol, except Scatters, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the extra reel. Wild Wild Compass occurs in the extra reel only. Every Wild Compass will reveal a direction North, South, East or West, and add Bird Wilds in all available positions in that direction. All symbols in the direction indicated by the Wild Compass will turn into Bird Wilds, except Wild Compasses, and then any wins are evaluated. A Wild Compass showing a South direction will not add any Bird Wilds to the screen. Wild Compass substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Wild Bird substitutes for all symbols except Wild Compass and Scatters. If a Wild Compass stays on screen during a reaction, it will spin again to reveal any of the four directions. Scatter There are two Scatters: The regular Gold Chest Scatter and the Purple Chest Megascatter. 3 or more Scatters in any position award the Kraken Bonus Round. If one of the triggering Scatters is a Purple Chest Megascatter, an Enhanced Bonus Round is awarded. In the base game, Gold Chest Scatter can appear on reels 1 to 5 and Purple Chest Megascatter appears on reel 6 only. Kraken Bonus Round 20 different Free Spin Outcomes are shown, with one removed for each triggering Scatter after the third. Every Free Spin Outcome is made up of 6 to 25 Free Spins with a starting win multiplier from 1 to 10. Canons will remove up to five outcomes at random, and you will then be shown a Free Spin Offer. Every Free Spin Offer is made up of Free Spins, a starting win multiplier and a bonus credit prize. If you reject the Free Spin Offer, Outcomes continue to be removed until a Free Spin Offer is accepted or only two Outcomes remain. When only two Outcomes remain, pick a chest to be awarded one of the Outcomes at random. Megascatter Enhanced Bonus Round When the Bonus Round is triggered with the Purple Chest Megascatter, the lowest ten Free Spin Outcomes are removed automatically. Free Spins At the end of the Kraken Bonus Round, the number of Free Spins awarded commence with the starting win multiplier. The win multiplier is unlimited and is increased by 1 after each reaction. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Scatter In the Free Spins, Gold Chest Scatter appears in the extra reel only and Purple Chest Megascatter does not appear. 3 Gold Chest Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Gold Chest Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.23%. In the event of an interruption during the presentation of a result (for example, due loss of connectivity), the correct value of any winnings for that result will be credited to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. Last modification date: 10/13/2022