Power of Gods: Hades The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 243 ways to win. All wins are paid for combinations of 3, 4 or 5 symbols on an active bet line, from left to right. Only the highest win per way is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Prizes for the Bonus Symbol equal bet value multiplied by x1-x10, x12 or x15. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. After all wins are paid the winning symbols are replaced by falling symbols from above. SPECIAL FEATURES STICKY BONUS SYMBOLS During the base game, Bonus symbols may appear as a Sticky symbol. Sticky Bonus symbols have a countdown that starts from 5 and decreases with each spin. When the countdown reaches 0, the symbol becomes a regular Bonus symbol. Hold the Jackpot Bonus A draw of at least 6 Bonus symbols during the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. Sticky Bonus symbols are converted to regular Bonus symbols. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stay on the reels. Bonus symbols during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus include: Fireball symbol, Blue Fireball Symbol, Mystery symbol and Hades Mystery symbol. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played on 15 independent reels. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus round. Every time any Bonus symbol is drawn, it resets the number of respins to 3. When a Blue Fireball symbols is drawn, its value will be a sum of all Fireball and Blue Fireball symbols currently on the reels. Mystery symbol can take the value of other Bonus symbols, including the Fireball with a random multiplier of x1-x10, x12 or x15, Blue Fireball, MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols. Hades Mystery symbol can take the value of the MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols. Drawing of the value of the Mystery and Hades Mystery symbols takes place at the end of Hold the Jackpot Bonus. The bonus ends when all respins are finished or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. When Hold the Jackpot Bonus ends, the prize is paid according to the value of the Bonus symbols. The GRAND prize is paid when all 15 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated the bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. VOLATILITY SETTINGS Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has a maximum of seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 12/19/2023