Power of Sun Svarog The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 243 ways to win. Wins are awarded for drawing 3, 4 or 5 symbols of a kind on an active bet way, from leftmost to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per way is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Drawing at least 6 Bonus symbols of any type activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. The maximum win amount is 5000x bet. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. SPECIAL FEATURES CASH INFINITY™ Cash Infinity™ symbols may randomly appear in the base game and stick to the reels until the end of the Bonus Game. Cash Infinity™ symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x, 12x and 15x player's bet, which can only be won in the Bonus Game. Cash Infinity™ symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and only appear on the bet level they were obtained on. Playing a game round on another bet level removes Cash Infinity™ symbols from the reels completely. STICKY TO INFINITY™ SYMBOLS Mystery and Svarog Mystery symbols with the Sticky to Infinity™ feature may randomly appear in the base game and during the Bonus Game. Mystery and Svarog Mystery symbols stick to the reels until the end of the Bonus Game. All Cash Infinity™ and Sticky to Infinity™ symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. They increase the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. Mystery and Svarog Mystery symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing bet levels and only appear on the bet level they were obtained on. Playing a game round on another bet level removes Mystery and Svarog Mystery symbols from the reels completely. HOLD THE JACKPOT BONUS GAME The game is played on 15 reels. All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Respins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Respins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Respins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x, 12x and 15x player's bet. MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. The SVAROG Jackpot can only be drawn on the Svarog Mystery symbol. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, apart from SVAROG Jackpot symbol. Svarog Mystery symbol can only transform into Collector, or MINOR, MAJOR and SVAROG Jackpot symbols. Mystery and Svarog Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Cash Infinity™ symbols and multiplies them randomly by 1-20x. Collector symbol can only be drawn on the Mystery and Svarog Mystery symbols. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINOR, MAJOR, SVAROG Jackpots, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 15 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 5000x player's bet. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game is played at the same bet level and Volatility Level™ as the spin that activated the bonus. Ultra, Extreme and Double Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game can be activated on Ultra, Extreme and Double Extreme Volatility, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels™. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Levels Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 4/2/2024