Phoenix DuelReels ABOUT THE GAME Step into the heart of an ancient battle in PHOENIX DUELREELS, where myth and legend collide! Witness the fiery Phoenix, symbol of rebirth and resilience, rise to challenge the fearsome Water Dragon, an embodiment of elemental chaos and power. In this thrilling 5-reel, 4-row game with payline wins and a max win of 10,000 times your bet, every spin brings you closer to unleashing the Phoenix’s might or being engulfed by the Dragon’s wrath. Choose between mysterious Phoenix Eggs in the bonus gamble to earn hidden rewards! Welcome to an unforgettable journey where the fate of the elements rests on your next spin. The legend awaits! The max win is achievable in all game modes. FEATURES DUELREELS™ When a VS symbol lands it will expand into a wild DuelReel if it would be part of or create a winning combination. Expanded DuelReels™ cover their entire reel and a duel will take place on each DuelReel. Each DuelReel has two multipliers, connected to the Phoenix and the Water Dragon. The surviving duelists multiplier will be applied across the entire reel and affects any winning combinations that includes the DuelReel. Fully expanded DuelReels™ are counted as full wild reels and substitute for all symbols in the paytable. The possible multiplier values that can appear on DuelReels™ are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 200x. If more than one DuelReels™ are part of the same winning combination, their multipliers are added together before being applied to the win. Only 1 VS symbol can land on a reel at a time. RESURRECTION SPINS When the Phoenix loses the duel on at least one DuelReel, you will be awarded a Resurrection Spin re-spin. During this re-spin, it is guaranteed that at least 1 VS symbol will land. The process above will repeat during re-spins until no DuelReels™ with losing Phoenixes appear. BONUS GAMBLE Whenever you enter a bonus game, you have the choice to either continue directly to the bonus game or gamble. If you choose to gamble, you will be presented with 5 Phoenix Eggs to choose from. You can choose up to 3 Eggs, with each Egg possibly containing 2 to 10 free spins, or a Bonus Upgrade if you are in the FIRE AND WATER bonus. If a Bonus Upgrade is found, the bonus will be immediately upgraded to the RISE OF THE PHOENIX bonus with 10 free spins. You may gamble once per bonus and after a Bonus Upgrade. FIRE AND WATER BONUS GAME Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game retains the features of the base game with a better chance of landing more VS symbols! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbol award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. RISE OF THE PHOENIX BONUS GAME Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game has the same enhanced features as the FIRE AND WATER bonus game! Additionally, this bonus has enhanced RESURRECTION SPIN re-spins where the amount of VS symbols that land during the re-spin will be equal to the number of DuelReels™ with losing Phoenixes during the triggering spin. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbol award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.29%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 11/21/2025