Payday Express TO PLAY THE GAME: Choose a Bet Level. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. While the reels are spinning, you can quick stop the game by pressing the Spin button. The Fast Play increases the reel spin speed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings to activate/deactivate the Fast Play. Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets and payouts are in the user's currency. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings. Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not be available in certain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spins you want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Confirm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of the set spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not influence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Payday Express is a 5-reels, 3-tall game with 10 lines, featuring the Payday Wild Feature and Free Spins. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.46%. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins on different bet lines are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Pay table. All bet lines and winning combinations in the game are displayed in the Paytable. The Paytable reflects the current Bet configuration and changes in accordance with the total Bet. All Bets and payouts are in currency. Payouts are based on the total Bet. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol can land on any reel. The Wild symbol substitutes for any regular symbol during win evaluation. The Bonus symbol can land on reel 2,3 and 4 in the Base Game. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. PAYDAY WILD FEATURE 3 or more Wild symbols appearing on the reels activates the Payday Wild Feature. Each Wild symbol spawns and places a new Wild symbol at a random position. FREE SPINS 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game awards 15 Free Spins. Any bet line win activates the Respin feature. All winning symbols and Wild symbols are locked in their positions and the reels respin. Any new line win or Wild symbol landing during a respin is locked and reactivates the Respin feature. The Respin feature ends when no new line win or Wild symbol occur during a respin. The Payday Wild feature does not activate until the end of the Respin feature. Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and bet configuration as the round that awarded the Free Spins. BUY "FREE SPINS" Buy "Free Spins" will cost 70x the reference bet size, and starts a round with a guaranteed Free Spins activation. Buy "Free Spins" can only be done in the Base Game. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the buy feature is 94.55% The Payout is based on the bet per spin value. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The English version of the game rules prevails. Last modification date: 7/25/2023