Pay Pig Welcome to Pay Pig™ 40 line Video Slot. It has 6 reels, 4 rows, and the following features: LOCKED REELS BONUS RESPINS The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 0. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. RULES WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except PIG. SCATTER Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more PIG symbols appear. LOCKED REELS In the base game, reels may lock in sets of 2, 3 or 4. All reels in a locked set will spin an identical result. Symbols on locked reels appear in stacks of a height equal to the number of reels in the locked set. In the base game, every spin will have at least one locked reel set. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more PIG symbols appear. 3 respins are awarded. Each PIG is awarded a random multiplier from 1-1000x. If PIGs exist wholly in a square formation of 2x2 or greater, they are combined into a BIG PIG. A BIG PIG is an oversized symbol which replaces the symbols that combine to form it. The BIG PIG's multiplier value is twice the sum of the multiplier values (including any already multiplied BIG PIG values) of all combining symbols. 2x2 and 3x3 BIG PIGs can be combined with other PIGs/BIG PIGs into larger BIG PIGs. BIG PIGs cannot be split to form larger BIG PIGs. BIG PIG creation is processed in order of size with larger sizes processed first. BIG PIG creation is processed in order of top-to-bottom then left-to-right. All PIG/BIG PIG symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new PIG symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. BIG PIGs are processed at the end of every respin. Respins are complete when either respin count reaches 0, or when all positions contain a PIG/BIG PIG. Upon completion of respins, the total multiplier value of all PIG/BIG PIGs is multiplied by the total bet and paid. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. BUY BONUS The player may opt to buy a Bonus Respins feature. The cost to buy is Base Bet x 3,200. The game is played at Base Bet x 40. A spin is played that will always result in 6 or more PIG symbols. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 40 lines. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 40. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest win is paid on each active line. All wins occur on selected lines only. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER. WILD substitutes for all symbols except PIG. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Last modification date: 4/8/2025