Plinko LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. or Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.91%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins Each wager a is flipped at the Plinko board. A winning bet occurs when the lands on the board causing the Plinko board to light up. Possible winning prize wedge values are revealed on a winning bet. The will select a single prize wedge to award. If the lands on the wedge, a single spin of the Big Wheel will be awarded as the prize. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated, causing the to turn into . will display a random multiplier of 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x. The Credit Prize will be multiplied by the random multiplier, including the Big Wheel Feature if awarded. Big Wheel Feature The Big Wheel Feature is awarded when the lands on the center wedge . The Big Wheel Feature will randomly award a prize from the list below: $2.50 $5.00 $7.50 $10.00 $12.50 $15.00 $20.00 $25.00 $37.50 $50.00 Each wedge of the wheel is not equally weighted. The value will be multiplied by the visible multiplier if the wheel is awarded with , otherwise it is paid at 1x. The pays above are the pays awarded at minimum bet. All pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Last modification date: 10/22/2025