Pug Life INTRO Welcome to the Pug Life! Meet Pugly the Pug and his crew in this 5x4 grid payline slot filled with sticky multipliers and a max win of 7,500x! FEATURES TREATS Treats are revealing wild multipliers. There are three different types of Treats: Biscuit, Bone and Steak. All winning combinations that a Treat is part of will be multiplied with the shown value. If more than one Treat is part of the same winline, their multipliers are first added together and then applied to the win. If you land 3 Treats of any kind anywhere on the grid on the same spin in the base game, the Treat Yo’self bonus game is awarded! The placement and type of the triggering Treats is carried over into the bonus. Biscuit can have the values: 2x, 3x, 4x Bone can have the values: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x Steak can have the values: 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x TREAT YO’SELF In this feature all landed Treats are sticky and will reveal a new multiplier value based on Treat type on every spin. The feature starts with 5 spins. Land additional Treats to get more spins! Every additional Treat landed will give you 1 more spin. THE DAWG’S DEN Land three or more Dawg’s Den scatter symbols in the base game to trigger this feature. The landed Dawg’s Den symbols will reveal a value of either 3 or 4. The total amount of all values will be the number of free spins awarded. In this feature no wins are awarded until the end. The win amounts from all winning combinations and the multiplier values of any landed Treats that are part of a winning combination, are collected in a total above the reels to create a final win that is paid out at the end of the feature. Land the sticky Toaster scatter symbol to increase the current multiplier or add extra wins to the total on every remaining spin! The Toaster will reveal either a multiplier value that is added to the total win multiplier, or $ signs that add your current bet times a random win factor to the total win amount. The Toaster can land on reels 4 and 5 and counts as a Wild. The Toaster can reveal the following multipliers: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x The Toaster can use the following win factor to multiply your current bet when adding extra wins to: 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 100 Land additional Dawg’s Den symbols to get more spins. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Treat symbols substitute for all paying symbols in the paytable. Toaster symbols substitute for all paying symbols in the paytable. The Toaster symbol exists only in the The Dawg’s Den bonus feature. Dawg’s Den symbols exist only in the base game and The Dawg’s Den bonus feature. WAYSTOWIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined winning lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUSBUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAXWIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 7,500 multiplied with the current bet level. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBOPLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded t the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 30 days, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAMEHISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMSANDCONDITIONS- Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays.- Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. RTP - 96.34% Last modification date: 12/10/2025