Pool Pong User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 96.66%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins A winning play occurs when the ball lands in one of 7 cups. 3 to 14 prizes can be awarded on a winning play, plus a chance to trigger the Free Throw Bonus, if all 3 are attained at the same time. Free Throw Bonus If 3 are awarded during a play, the Free Throw Bonus will activate. When the Free Throw Bonus is activated, the player will start with 3 balls. Landing the ball in a cup will reset the balls counter to 3. At the begining of the Free Throw Bonus, 3 random cups will start with credit values. Landing the ball in will upgrade the cup to . Landing the ball in will upgrade the cup to . Landing the ball in will immediately award the credit value of the cup. The value assigned to each has a chance to be worth the value of the Major Progressive Jackpot. If all cups are upgraded to , the Free Throw Bonus ends, and the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. The Free Throw Bonus ends when the counter reaches 0. At the end of the Free Throw Bonus, the credit value or Progressive Jackpot amount of every cup on screen will be awarded. Progressive Jackpots The Free Throw Bonus must be accessed in order to win the Progressive Jackpots. The 2 Progressive Jackpots are: Major and Mega. has a chance to award the Major Progressive Jackpot. If all cups are upgraded to at the end of the Free Throw Bonus, the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. It is not technically possible to have two simultaneous wins of the same Progressive Jackpot. There are separate Progressive Jackpots per bet multiplier. Contributions made to Progressive Jackpots at a certain bet multiplier are added to Progressive Jackpots that can only be achieved by making a bet at that same bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .30% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .20% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Major: $40.00 Mega: $300.00 The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at bet multipliers other than 1x are calculated by multiplying the bet multiplier by the start-up value at a 1x bet multiplier. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. When the Progressive Jackpot is awarded and a re-trigger of the jackpot occurs, the patron is awarded a static amount. Last modification date: 5/23/2023