Pharaoh's Dream FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE 3 SCATTERS symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 starts the Free Spins Bonus Feature. SCATTER symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. 10 Free Spins are awarded in addition to 4x the total credits bet. All Free Spins are played with the line bets that were in play when the Free Spins were started. Additional Free Spins are not awarded during the Free Spins Bonus Feature. The Free Spins Bonus Feature ends when no Free Spins remain. The Free Spins use bonus reels that are different from the Base Game reels. PYRAMID-STACKED WILD symbols substitute for all symbols. PYRAMID-STACKED WILD symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Any complete PYRAMID-STACKED WILDS that appears on the reel during the Free Spins stays in the reel until the Free Spins Bonus Feature is over. SCATTER symbol and Regular WILD are not available during the Free Spins. GAME RULES Play 40 lines. All pays except SCATTER symbol pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except SCATTER symbol pays are left to right on an active payline, starting with the leftmost reel. SCATTER symbol pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest SCATTER symbol win paid per play. Only highest win paid per line played. Wins on different lines are added. SCATTER symbol pays are paid in addition to line pays. All line pays are multiplied by the current total bet / 50 (in lowest currency denomination). SCATTER symbol pays are multiplied by the total credits bet. All pays in credits Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 95.91% Disclaimers In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. A stable internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. All awards shown are per symbol, per winning line. Free Spins uses the same award card as the base game spin that triggered the Free Spins. HOW TO PLAY Select your stake - To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game