Piggy Bank Riches About Piggy Bank Riches is a 5x3 slot game using the Locked & Loaded™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the spin button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. Press the Autoplay icon to open the autoplay settings (if applicable). The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Locked & Loaded Locked Bonus Respins; Bonus symbols landing in view are held in place for at least one free respin. Respins start automatically and do not deduct the player’s balance. Locked Multiplier Respins; Landing a multiplier hammer on reel 2 will open a piggy bank and reveal a multiplier up to 10x. Respins continue until a win is achieved and the multiplier is applied. Locked Wild Respins; Landing a wild hammer on reel 4 will open a piggy bank and reveal up to 9 wilds. The wilds are randomly added to the reels which respins until a win is achieved. Multipliers are applied to any line wins on the initial spin or the first win achieved from respins. Wins are paid for 3 or more like symbols on active winlines from the leftmost reel. Smashing Piggy Bank Bonus Bonus symbols only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 with three in view anywhere triggering a bonus. Bonus symbols hold in place for free respins and change colour on each respin; starting as red when then land and then to orange on the first respins, to yellow on the second respins and then are removed for the last respin. Respins continue until no bonus symbols are held on the reels. If new bonus symbols land then on a respin the process is repeated but the initial bonus symbols move through the colour cycle as above. Any line wins that occur on a respin are paid as normal. 3 red bonus symbols trigger the mega bonus. 3 orange or higher (orange and/or red) trigger the super bonus. 3 yellow or higher (yellow, orange and/or red) trigger the bonus. The bonus game consists of 5 picks. Each pick randomly selects one of the hammers: Gold wild hammer Blue wild hammer Pink wild hammer Gold multiplier hammer Blue multiplier hammer Pink multiplier hammer If a wild piggy bank is selected then the relevant piggy bank opens to reveal a number of wilds. The wilds are added to the reels and the respins begin. Respins continue until a win is achieved. If a multiplier piggy bank is selected then the relevant piggy bank opens to reveal a multiplier value. The respins begin and continue until a win is achieved which is then multiplied by the piggy bank value. Additional hammers can land in respins. Bonus symbols are removed in the bonus respins. Mega bonus is played with only gold hammers Super bonus is played with blue and gold hammers In the bonus a gold wild hammer can add between 11-15 wilds, blue can add 7-10 wilds and pink 2-6 wilds. In the bonus a gold multiplier hammer can reveal a multiplier between 11-50x, blue can reveal 8-10x and pink 2-7x. If any set of respins reaches 5 respins then the player is awarded an additional pick in the bonus game. Rules Only the highest win per line is paid. Wins on distinct lines are added. All line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right only. Wins are multiplied by the current base stake. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for bonus. Randomization The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Return to player for this game is 94.27%. Last modification date: 9/26/2025