Platinum Goddess GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet Multiplier. Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol High Pay Symbol 1 High Pay Symbol 2 High Pay Symbol 3 High Pay Symbol 4 Low Pay Symbol 1 Low Pay Symbol 2 Low Pay Symbol 3 Low Pay Symbol 4 Low Pay Symbol 5 Free Games Bonus Symbol All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier. For each game, all credit values on a reel are the same. At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, the Free Games Bonus Symbol appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. At the start of the bonus, pick a Free Games Bonus Symbol to reveal Free Games High Pay Symbol 1, Free Games High Pay Symbol 2, Free Games High Pay Symbol 3, or Free Games High Pay Symbol 4. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into the revealed symbol at the start of each spin. All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Free Games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier. At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96% Last modification date: 5/24/2022