Power Strike Egyptian Riches WILD WILD Symbols substitute for all symbols except SCATTER. POWER STRIKE BONUS During the base game, each SCATTER displays 10 - 1000 x bet multiplier, 3 - 5 FREE SPINS, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or MEGA. 1 or more SCATTER Symbols on reels 1-4 and one POWER STRIKE SCATTER on reel 5 trigger the Power Strike Bonus and award any prizes displayed on the triggering symbols. If Free Spins are awarded, all credit and applicable jackpot prizes displayed on awarded SCATTER are summed and displayed on reel 5, and the Free Spins Bonus begins with the total number of Free Spins displayed on triggering symbols. SCATTER cannot display MAJOR or MEGA if any SCATTER displays FREE SPINS. Any awarded SCATTER containing MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or MEGA awards the prize displayed in the corresponding meter. The distribution of prizes displayed on each SCATTER changes based on bet option. All credit values displayed on each SCATTER during the Power strike Bonus have already been multiplied by the bet multiplier. PICK FEATURE If POWER STRIKE SCATTER appears on reel 5 with no SCATTER on reels 1 - 4, then the Pick Feature may be awarded. A pick field is displayed with 16 pick options, and 3 picks are awarded. Picks will award a credit prize of 10 - 1000x bet multiplier, 3 - 5 Free Spins, MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or MEGA. Pick options cannot award MAJOR or MEGA if any pick option awards Free Spins. Pick options cannot award Free Spins if any pick option awards MAJOR or MEGA. Pick selections may award an additional pick. Up to 4 additional picks may be awarded. If Free Spins are awarded, after the Pick Feature completes, all credit and applicable jackpot prizes awarded are summed and displayed on reel 5, and the Free Spins Bonus begins with the total number of Free Spins awarded by triggering symbols. Any pick option containing MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or MEGA awards the prize displayed in the corresponding meter. The distribution of prizes awarded by pick options changes based on bet option. All credit prizes displayed on pick options during the Pick Feature have already been multiplied by the bet multiplier. FREE SPINS BONUS The Free Spins Bonus begins with a credit value displayed on reel 5. Reel 5 is locked during the Free Spins Bonus and does not contribute to line wins. During the Free Spins Bonus, each SCATTER that lands on screen will either award 3 - 5 Free Spins of the current Free Spins Bonus or the value displayed on reel 5. If Free Spins are awarded, all awarded credit values on SCATTER for that spin will be added to the value displayed on reel 5, and this new credit total will now be displayed on reel 5. If SCATTER awards Free Spins during the Free Spins Bonus and SCATTER has not previously awarded Free Spins during the Free Spins Bonus, the probability that SCATTER displays FREE SPINS decreases. During the Free Spins Bonus, SCATTER cannot award Free Spins on more than 5 separate spins. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. Power Strike SCATTER does not appear during the Free Spins Bonus. GAME RULES Play 40 lines. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All line pays are multiplied by the current total bet divided by 16 (at current denomination). WILD Symbols substitute for all symbols except SCATTER. Wins on different lines are added. All pays in credits. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. LEGAL NOTICES In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The expected return for this game is 96.45 %. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. This game has premium winnings as described above. Jackpot: This game does not have a jackpot Skills The player cannot influence the outcome of this game. Unfinished game rounds: Any game rounds that for some reason have not been completed are stored on the server. For example, an unfinished game round may be due to poor internet connection. Unfinished game rounds either automatically resume after a short delay or by restarting the game. An unfinished game round is stored on the server along with the current bet. If a round of betting is not continued within 24 hours, the player will receive any winnings for bets that have been settled. Where the game is not settled, the bet will be returned to the player. Last modification date: 11/24/2020