Platooners Game Description Our entertaining friends from Bloopers take us on a magical journey which brings you closer to the action of movie production than ever before. Find yourself immersed in the jungle battle set of ”Platooners” a great new action movie, which charts the progress of a team of three recruits as they battle through an awesome bonus game where they do their best to defeat the three snakes, and unlock their hidden treasures. The three main stars of the show stumble and fumble around in the studio and are impossible to control, but they are eager to please. Watch them as they fire of rocket launchers, grenades and a super awesome gatling gun, giving the player an additional level of entertainment value never seen before in a slot game. Platooners is an action packed, highly entertaining 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. It’s highly engaging game mechanics and stunning visual effects keeps the player on the edge of the seat at all times, as the Platooners fire rocket launchers, throw hand grenades and fire gatling guns at the reels resulting in awesome wins through this epic journey. The connecting paylines generate up to 178 ways to win, and the maximum win is 250,000 coins. The Platooners vs Snakes of Fortune bonus game offers an exciting journey accompanied by epic film music. Defeating a snake and leveling up intensifies the action further and it also generates considerable higher wins. Action stations - spin! Key Features Feature Value Lines 178 connecting paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~22% Name Platooners Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Platooners is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Platooners is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. During Normal mode the Action Spins! randomly occur resulting in one of the Platooners coming in and interacts with the reels. The feature triggers one spin. Reel 1 and 3 are completely covered with identical symbols prior to the other 3 reels stop when the Rockets Platooner is triggered during Action Spins! The symbol is randomly selected among all symbols except for the bonus scatter. Up to 3 wilds are randomly placed on reels 3, 4 and 5 prior to the reels stop when the Grenades Platooner is triggered during Action Spins! A random symbol is selected among all symbols which have landed on the first reel when the Bullets Platooner is triggered during Action Spins! One instance of the selected symbol will be placed on the remaining 4 reels resulting in at least one payline of 5 of a kind, or a trigger to the bonus game in case the selected symbol is the bonus scatter, prior to all reels stop. Action Spins! can not be retrigged within the same spin. 3 Snake (bonus) symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Bonus mode with 15 rounds and one active Platooner per round. 4 Bonus symbols let two Platooners attack the snake in every round, and with 5 bonus symbols all three Platooners attack during every round. The Platooners hit anywhere on the snake but the wins are collected from the tail towards the head. A normal coin requires 3 damage points to be destroyed and to pay out. All Platooners generate 1 to 3 damage points in every attack. The weapon level follows the level of the snake. It is random which of the Platooners fire their weapon and attack the snake every round in case not all three Platooner attacks per round have been awarded. The amount of ammunition represents the number of rounds. A big coin on the snake requires 6 damage points to be destroyed and to reveal its content, which can be either more ammunition (rounds), a bomb, more Platooners firing per round (up to 3) or a larger than normal cash win amount. All Platooners have the same damage level and jointly level up as the player defeats a snake. A bomb destroys all coins on the snake until the next big coin. All wins related to the destroyed coins are awarded. A snake is defeated once the whole snake has been destroyed. Once defeated the player will be awarded an additional win and immediately advance to the next snake level until the third and last level has been reached. Remaining ammunition is brought to the next level in case of a level up. The Platooners weapons also level up resulting in increased damage when hitting the snake. The bonus game ends when no ammunition (rounds) remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Platooners is 96.3% The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020