Prometheus Titan of Fire TO PLAY THE GAME: Choose a Bet Level. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. While the reels are spinning, you can quick stop the game by pressing the Spin button. The Fast Play increases the reel spin speed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings to activate/deactivate the Fast Play. Some of these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets and payouts are in the user's currency. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings.Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not be available in certain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spins you want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Conﬁrm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of the set spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not inﬂuence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Prometheus Titan of Fire is a 3-4-4-4-3 game with 40 lines, featuring the Fire Collect Feature, Double Collect Respin, Free Spins with Hot Spot Level and Super Free Spins. Bet line wins pay from leftmost to right. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.26%. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins on different bet lines are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Pay table. All bet lines and winning combinations in the game are displayed in the Paytable. The Paytable reﬂects the current Bet conﬁguration and changes in accordance with the total Bet. All Bets and payouts are in currency. Payouts are based on the total Bet. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Coin symbol can land on reels 2,3 and 4. Coin symbols take random values from predeﬁned sets each spin. Values of Coin symbols are between 1x to 30x the Bet per spin value. The Coin symbol is a scatter symbol. The Collect symbol can land on reels 1 and 5. The Collect symbol is a scatter symbol. The Bonus symbol can land on reels 2,3 and 4 in the Base Game and Free Spins. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. The Wild symbol can land on reels 1,2,3 and 4 in the Base Game and Free Spins. The Wild symbol substitutes for any regular symbol during win evaluation. The Blank symbol can land on reels 2,3 and 4 in the Double Collect Respin and all reels in the Super Free Spins. The Blank symbol is not part of winning combinations. FIRE COLLECT FEATURE Any Coin symbol and only one Collect symbol landing on the reels in the Base Game or Free Spins activate the Fire Collect Feature. Values of all landed Coin symbols are added together and paid out. DOUBLE COLLECT RESPIN Two Collect symbols landing on the reels in the Base Game or Free Spins activate the Double Collect Respin. All bet line wins on the reels are paid out ﬁrst. Reels 1 and 5 are locked. All Coin symbols on the reels are also locked. The middle 3 reels Respin. 3 Respins are awarded. Only Coin and Blank symbols can land on the reels during the Double Collect Respin. Newly landed Coin symbols are also locked. After the last Respin, values of all Coin symbols are added together and paid out twice. FREE SPINS 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Base Game activate the Free Spins and award 12 Free Spins. All Bonus symbols landed in the Free Spins are collected to a meter. When 4 Bonus symbols are collected, the game awards 4 additional Free Spins and increases Hot Spot Level 4 to 6 times on random position on reels 2,3 and 4 at the end of the spin. When 9 Bonus symbols are collected, the game awards 4 additional Free Spins and increases Hot Spot Level 4 to 6 times on random position on reels 2,3 and 4 at the end of the spin. When 15 Bonus symbols are collected, the game awards Super Free Spins which are played after all awarded Free Spins are completed. The Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and the same bet conﬁguration as the round that activated the Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols appearing on the reels in the Free Spins do not reactivate the Free Spins. FREE SPINS FEATURE: PROGRESSIVE HOT SPOT LEVEL In the Free Spins, the middle 12 positions start with Hot Spot Level 1. Any Coin symbol landing will increase the Hot Spot Level of the position by 1 at the end of the spin. Collecting certain amounts of Bonus symbols also increases Hot Spot Levels of random positions. Hot Spot Levels are persistent during the Free Spins. Coin symbol value is multiplied by the position's Hot Spot Level when paid out. Hot Spot Level is capped at 5. Hot Spot Level increases apply at the end of the spin. SUPER FREE SPINS The Super Free Spins are awarded when 15 Bonus symbols are collected during the Free Spins. The Super Free Spins are played after all 20 Free Spins are completed. All Hot Spot Levels at the end of the Free Spins are carried over to the Super Free Spins. 2 Collect symbols are placed and locked, one in the middle position of reel 1 and one in the middle position of reel 5. 3 Coin symbols are individually locked on reels 2,3 and 4 at random positions. 5 Super Free Spins are awarded. Only Collect and Blank symbols can land on reel 1 and 5. Only Coin and Blank symbols can land on reel 2,3 and 4. All Collect and Coin symbols that land on the reels are locked in positions. After the last Super Free Spin, values of all Coin symbols are added together and paid out once by each locked Collect symbol. BUY FREE SPINS You can buy Free Spins in the Base Game. Buying Free Spins costs 70x and starts a round with a guaranteed Free Spins activation. The theoretical RTP (return to player) for the Buy Free Spins Feature is 94.30% The Payout is based on the Bet per spin value. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 7/6/2023