Professor Clank's Combinator Professor Clank's Combinator™ Professor Clank's Combinator™ This game has: 6 columns of symbols, up to 5 rows high Up to 707 adjacent ways Bonus Respins The Theoretical Return to Player is: Regular Game: 94.23% BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions): 94.62% The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Rules WILD PROFESSOR is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. PROFESSOR does not appear on column 1 or 6. SCATTER Bonus Respins are triggered when 5 or more SCATTER symbols appear. PAY MECHANICS All wins (except SCATTER) begin with leftmost column and pay left to right only on adjacent columns where symbols are on adjacent rows. Base Drop At the beginning of a game, 3 symbols are dropped into each of 6 columns. Explosions When a winning combination is achieved, all symbols in non-winning positions are removed except SCATTER symbols. Remaining symbols drop to the bottom most position on their column. Morphs If after Explosions there is more than one symbol type remaining (excluding SCATTER and PROFESSOR) then they are all transformed into the highest paying symbol of those present. Boosters If after Explosions and Morphs any previously winning symbol is no longer in a winning position, extra matching symbols will be added to one or more surrounding columns to make it a winning symbol. Drops After Explosions, Morphs and Boosters, a new symbol will be dropped onto the top of each column that has less than 5 symbols present. Any dropped symbol (except SCATTERS) that does not match or substitute for the current paying symbol is exploded. Any dropped symbol that matches or substitutes for the current paying symbol, but does not drop into a paying position as it lands (prior to any latter column symbols being dropped) is exploded. SCATTER symbols are always kept. Any symbol that matches or substitutes for the current paying symbol and lands in a paying position, is kept. If the total symbol win value is higher than that of the previous Drop (or base game prior to any Morphs/Boosters if this is the first drop) then an extra Drop is triggered. New drops cannot be triggered if all columns contain 5 symbols. Symbol wins are paid once no more Drops are triggered. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 5 or more SCATTER symbols appear. Bonus Respins are triggered only after all base game Drops are complete. All non-SCATTER symbols are exploded. Remaining symbols drop to the bottom most position on their column. 3 respins are awarded. A new symbol will be dropped onto the top of each column that has less than 5 symbols present. Non-SCATTER symbols that are dropped are immediately removed. SCATTER symbols are held. When a new SCATTER symbol lands, respin count is reset to 3. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with SCATTER symbols. Upon completion of respins, each SCATTER symbol awards a prize or bonus prize. Bronze and Silver bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. Platinum and Gold bonus prizes may only be awarded once per feature. Platinum bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Gold bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Silver bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Bronze bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering game. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Bonus Respins. GAMBLE Gamble your winnings to multiply your total win. Amount available to wager is the total win upon completion of Bonus Respins. Player may gamble up to 3 times where remaining balance is available. Player may choose to gamble all or half of the total win. Player may choose to gamble for a multiplier of their wager as below: Win Multiplier Chance of winning gamble 1.25x 4 in 5 1.5x 2 in 3 2x 1 in 2 2.5x 2 in 5 3x 1 in 3 4x 1 in 4 5x 1 in 5 10x 1 in 10 If any combination of gamble options would result in a win higher than 10,000 x total bet they are disabled. If opting to half gamble a win that would result in a fractional gamble amount, the gambled amount is rounded up to the nearest whole value, and the held amount is rounded down to the nearest whole value. If a chosen combination of gamble options would result in a fractional win value (based on player currency), then the wager amount is reduced to one that would generate a whole win value. You may choose to collect your winnings at any time. BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to buy a Bonus Respins feature. The cost to buy is Base Bet x 1,000. The game is played at Base Bet x 20. A game is played that will always result in 5 or more SCATTER symbols. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play up to 707 adjacent ways. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins (except SCATTER) begin with leftmost column and pay left to right only on adjacent columns where symbols are on adjacent rows. Wins are calculated and paid only after all drops are completed. PROFESSOR is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. PROFESSOR does not appear on column 1 or 6. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME RECOVERY In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 3/4/2026