POP Introducing the game Pop is a four reel video slot featuring 256 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from the left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Reactions Each winning symbol, except Scatter, is part of a reaction and is replaced by a Scatter, Balloon Symbol or Wild. Reactions continue until no more wins occur. Wild Wilds substitute for every symbol except Scatter. Wilds appear on Reels 2 to 4 only. In the Base Game, Wilds may reveal a multiplier of up to x4. Wins are multiplied by the displayed multipliers for each Wild that substitutes in the win. Scatter 3 or more Scatters awards 12 Free Spins. During the Free Spins, 3 or more Scatters award an additional 3 Free Spins, as well as increasing the multiplier on one of those positions. Free Spins Each of the sixteen onscreen positions has a multiplier which persists, and may increment, throughout the Free Spins. Every time there is a win with Balloon symbols or Wilds in an initial Free Spin, one or more winning positions will have their multipliers increase. This increase will be at random by 1, 2 or 3, and the amount that the multiplier increases improves by one for every retrigger. At the start of the Free Spins, one or more positions that had triggering Scatters will have the multipliers start at x2, x3 or x4. All other positions will begin with x1 multipliers. Free Spins Multipliers Multipliers only apply to Balloon symbols and Wilds. All wins are multiplied by the multipliers displayed on each Balloon and Wild present in that win. No multiplier increases occur during reactions, only on each initial Free Spin. If there is a retrigger, one or more of the positions that have retriggering Scatters will have their multipliers increase at random by 1, 2 or 3 from the next Free Spin onwards. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.54% Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 7/8/2021