Phoenix Coins Phoenix Coins Phoenix Coins is a Bet 40, 1024 way 4x5 Reel slot game with a Free Spins Feature and Jackpots. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.03% with any bet. Game Rules Free Spins A full stack/s of Coins with a Phoenix Bonus on reel 5 trigger 3 Free Spins. Triggering coin stacks on reels 1, 2 and/or 3 will activate reels 1, 2 and/or 3 during Free Spins respectively. Only symbols used during Free Spins are the following: Coin, Phoenix Collect & +1 Spin. Phoenix Collect & +1 Spin only appear during Free Spins. Coin values landing on activated reels are accumulated in chest and awarded at the end of each Free Spin. +1 Spin awards 1 extra Free Spin. Free Spins are played at the same bet multiplier as the triggering game. Maximum number of Free Spins is capped at 60. +1 Spin are replaced by Blank Coins once 60 Free Spins have been awarded. Jackpot Rules Jackpot prizes are multiplied by bet multiplier and are not progressive. Collect 4 {Phoenix Collect} during Free Spins to win Mini Jackpot. Collect 9 {Phoenix Collect} during Free Spins to win Mini & Minor Jackpot. Collect 14 {Phoenix Collect} during Free Spins to win Mini, Minor & Major Jackpot. {Phoenix} are replaced by {Blank Coin} once 14 {Phoenix} are collected. Rules Play bet 40 for 1024 ways. WILD Fountain and Phoenix Bonus substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Phoenix Bonus turns to Phoenix WILD in a winning combination. WILD Fountain appears on all reels except reel 1 & 5. WILD Phoenix Bonus appears on reel 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays by coin values. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which is multiplied by the total bet. Any triggering stacked coins with Phoenix Bonus on reel 5 awards prize values on coin. Coin Prizes vary from 1 to 8 multiplied by Total Bet. Payouts are made according to the pay table. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1024 ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 9/28/2021