Power of Gods: Egypt The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 243 ways to win. All wins are paid for combinations of 3, 4 or 5 symbols on an active bet line, from left to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wins for 3, 4 and 5 WILD symbols are paid on top of line wins. Bonus features are played at the same bet level, coin value and Volatility Levels™ as the spin that activated them. Drawing at least 3 Scatter Symbols activates Free Spins. SCATTER is a paying symbol. Wild substitutes for other symbols except Scatter and special symbols. WILD is a paying symbol. Each appearance of the Scarab symbol increases the Ra Spins Bonus meter. Each round when there are no Scarab symbols drawn, the bonus meter resets. SPECIAL FEATURES RA SPINs BONUS Collecting 7 Scarab symbols triggers Ra Spins Bonus. Ra Spins Bonus awards the player with 7 Free Spins with x7 Multiplier. When the Wild Symbol is drawn, it expands on the entire reel and moves to the right with each consecutive spin. The winnings from Ra Spins Bonus accumulate until the end of the feature. SOBEK FREE SPINS BONUS A draw of 3, 4 or 5 Scatters triggers Sobek Free Spins Bonus. Sobek Free Spins Bonus awards the player with 15 Free Spins. During Sobek Free Spins Bonus, Wild doubles any win it contributes to. With each consecutive win, the reels move one position to the right and new symbols are drawn on the first reel. This continues until there are no more winning combinations. With each consecutive win, the Win Multiplier increases (from x1 to x2, x3, x5 and x7). ISIS FREE SPINS BONUS At first, a draw of 4 or 5 Scatters triggers Isis Free Spins Bonus. Once the feature has been triggered, it stays unlocked for the rest of the game. Isis Free Spins Bonus awards the player with 12 Free Spins. During the bonus, Wild multiplies wins it contributes to by x3. Wild also has the ability to expand to cover the entire reel. BASTET FREE SPINS BONUS At first, a draw of 5 Scatters triggers Bastet Free Spins Bonus. Once the feature has been triggered, it stays unlocked for the rest of the game. Bastet Free Spins Bonus awards the player with 10 Free Spins. During the bonus, Wild multiplies wins it contributes to by x4. During the bonus, the Cascading Reels feature is active. With each consecutive win, the winning symbols are removed from the reels and replaced by new ones. This continues until there are no more winning combinations. Each time reels are moved, the value of the Infinite Multiplier increases. SPECIAL SYMBOLS SCARAB SYMBOL The game features a Scarab symbol that increases the Ra Spins Bonus meter. The Scarab symbol does not appear during any bonus rounds and other bonus features. The Ra Spins Bonus meter resets whenever no Scarabs appear on the reels. Seven Scarab Symbols accumulated in the bonus meter trigger the Ra Spins Bonus. SCATTER SYMBOL SCATTER is a paying symbol. Drawing at least 3 Scatter Symbols activates Free Spins. WILD SYMBOL WILD is a paying symbol. Replaces any other symbol except the Scatter and Scarab symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Ra Spins Bonus enter: Stops Autoplay at Ra Spins bonus enter. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. VOLATILITY SETTINGS Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 12/19/2023