Professor Clank's 10K Ways PROFESSOR CLANK'S 10K WAYS™ is a 10K Ways™ slot offering up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels, with 4 rows on reels 1 and 6, and 5 rows (including the top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. The average Return to Player (RTP) is 94.03%. RULES WILD The PROFESSOR is a Wild symbol and substitutes for all symbols except the SCATTER. The PROFESSOR symbol appears only on the top reel. SCATTER The SCATTER symbol is 2 rows high and does not appear on the top reel. A SCATTER must appear fully (both top and bottom halves visible) to count towards triggering Free Spins or awarding its prize during Free Spins. FREE SPINS Free Spins are triggered when 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear fully. 3 Free Spins are awarded along with prizes for the triggering SCATTER symbols. The win multiplier starts at 1 and increases after every symbol explosion. Free Spins reset to 3 whenever a new SCATTER appears fully. Fully visible SCATTER symbols award a prize at the end of explosions. SCATTER prizes range from 1x to 100x the total bet. All wins, including SCATTER prizes, are multiplied by the current win multiplier. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. GAME RULES The player selects a Total Bet amount to play with 10,000 ways to win. Payouts depend on the paytable. All wins are multiplied by the Total Bet. SCATTER prizes shown on symbols are already multiplied by the Total Bet. The highest win is paid per winning combination. Simultaneous wins are added together. Only positions containing a winning symbol are used to determine payouts for that symbol. All wins start from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels only. The PROFESSOR is a Wild symbol and substitutes for all symbols except the SCATTER. The PROFESSOR symbol appears only on the top reel. The SCATTER is 2 rows high and does not appear on the top reel. A SCATTER must appear fully (both top and bottom halves visible) to count towards Free Spins or awarding its prize during Free Spins. The top reel adds one symbol to reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 below it. Each winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by new symbols dropping from above on vertical reels and from the right on the top reel. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/26/2025