Prosperity Twin Prosperity Twin is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 5 reels. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.446% - 96.287%. GAME RULES 28 coins plays 243 ways left to right 50 coins plays 243 ways left to right and right to left Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the bet Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added Winning combinations can occur anywhere on all reels Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except SCATTER when betting 28 credits and also begin with rightmost reel and pay right to left on consecutive reels except SCATTER when betting 50 credits SCATTER pays any Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added 5 of a kind wins are paid once only WILD substitutes for all symbols except scatters WILD appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only Malfunction voids all pays and plays Wins with wild substituting are multiplied by 2 or 8 FREE GAMES 28, 18, or 8 free games are won when 5, 4 or 3 scatters appear respectively During the free game feature 2 scatters may award 2, 6 or 8 more free games Bet is the same as the bet made when Free Game feature was won How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options TWO WAYS: Pay in both ways directions - 243 ways. SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: 243 ways: Lines cannot be adjusted. The game is fixed to 243 ways. BET: Adjusts the BET. The slider adjusts the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The slider increases or decreases the number of autoplays. The available autoplays ranges from 0 to 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 12/29/2021