Prison Escape 1 Introduction Pri$on E$cape is a 5x3 slot game with 10 win lines, featuring a blueprint bonus, bonus re-spin and gamble to bonus zip-line. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played on 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Wins on different played lines are added. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, except for expanding symbol wins in the Free Spins. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Bonus. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 & 4 in the base game and on all reels during the control room free spins. 4 Features 4.1 Bonus Entry BONUS symbols only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. 3 bonus symbols landing in view on reels 1, 3 & 5 starts the BLUEPRINT BONUS trail. 4.2 Bonus Re-spin 2 landing in view on reels 1 and 3 but not on 5 will cause reel 5 to re-spin giving an extra chance for a bonus symbol to land in view on reel 5. 4.3 Gamble to Bonus Zip-Line If the gamble is enabled the game will enter the gamble-to-feature, when the Player has a chance to convert their base game winnings into the BLUEPRINT BONUS TRAIL. If the characters make it to the end of the zipline without falling the BLUEPRINT BONUS TRAIL is awarded. If the characters do fall the Player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the gamble feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100.00% playing at optimal strategy. 4.4 Bonus Exchange If the base game winnings are 23 or more times the current stake then the Player will be offered the chance to part collect their winnings, exchanging 23x the current stake for the BLUEPRINT BONUS TRAIL. The expected payback for the Part Collect is 101.87% playing at optimal strategy. 4.5 Blueprint Bonus In the BLUEPRINT BONUS trail the Player must use strategy to reach the highest paying bonus feature by increasing their levels to a maximum of 4 or even reach the end and play the PARADISE FORTUNE WHEEL. Pressing the WALKIE TALKIE icon will advise on the action that would result in the highest average pay. Scattered along the trail are bonus Power-ups. Landing on a power-up will add to the total for that bonus. Each bonus requires 2 Power-ups to increase its level, to a maximum of level 4. KEY power-ups are used to improve the WARDENS OFFICE bonus. SPANNER power-ups are used to improve the WORKSHOP bonus. JOY STICK power-ups are used to improve the CONTROL ROOM bonus. If the Player lands on a GUARD position then one of the remaining characters will be taken to solitary and the Player will lose a life. If the Player runs out of lives the bonus will immediately end without a bonus win. 4.6 Shift Change During the BLUEPRINT BONUS TRAIL the Player can land on the shift change power-up. This feature will present a wheel, if the pointer stops in a green section some or all of the guards indicated by the guard icon will be removed from the trail. 4.7 Wardens Office Bonus In the WARDENS OFFICE bonus the Player must select from lockers at random. If the Locker contains a cash prize that value is added to the Players winnings. If the locker contains keys one extra locker pick is awarded for each key. At Level 1 the Player has 2 picks and basic locker prizes At Level 2 the locker prizes are improved At Level 3 the locker prizes are improved further and the Player has 3 picks At Level 4 the lockers contain an extra key and the Player has 4 picks. Bonus prizes displayed inside lockers are multiples of the base game stake used to trigger the feature. 4.8 Workshop Bonus In the workshop bonus the Player must try to accept the highest random offer given from a random combination of the tools in view. If the Player runs out of rejections, they must accept the final offer value given. Pressing on the WALKIE TALKIE will advise the Player if they should accept or reject the current offer. At Level 1 the Player has 1 rejection and offers contain up to 2 tools. At Level 2 the Player has 2 rejections and offers contain up to 2 tools. At Level 3 the Player has 3 rejections and offers contain up to 3 tools. At Level 4 the Player has 4 rejections and offers contain up to 4 tools. Bonus prizes displayed on tools are multiples of the base game stake used to trigger the feature. 4.9 Control Room Bonus The CONTROL ROOM bonus is a free spins feature with locking wilds. WILD symbols can land on all reels and the lock duration is determined by the feature level. At Level 1 the Player has 6 Free spins and wilds lock for 2 spins. At Level 2 the Player has 8 Free spins and wilds lock for 2 spins. At Level 3 the Player has 10 Free spins and wilds lock for 3 spins. At Level 4 the Player has 12 Free spins and wilds lock for 4 spins. Free spins prizes are determined by the base game stake used to trigger the feature. 4.10 Paradise Fortune Wheel If the Player reaches the end of the BLUEPRINT BONUS trail, then they are awarded a single spin on the PARADISE FORTUNE WHEEL. Once the spin completes the Player is awarded the value in the section that the pointer stops. If the Player reaches the PARADISE FORTUNE WHEEL feature with both lives remaining then an extra 1000x position is added to the wheel. Bonus prizes displayed on the wheel are multiples of the base game stake used to trigger the feature 4.11 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 1 General Information 1.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 1.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the Normal Game is between 31.75% & 96.30% depending on Player strategy in the WORKSHOP BONUS if selected and Player Strategy in the BLUEPRINT BONUS trial. Use the walkie talkie advice to achieve an average payback of 96.30% The expected payback for the Gamble Game is 100.00% playing at optimal strategy. The expected payback for the Part Collect is 101.87% playing at optimal strategy. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/1/2022