Power of Gods: Valhalla The game has 16 independent reels on a 4x4 grid. A win is awarded for drawing at least 8 symbols of a kind anywhere on the reels. When two symbol combinations of the same value are drawn, the win will be paid only for the combination with the symbol that has the higher position on the paytable. Only the highest win is paid. The maximum win amount is 2145x bet. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Drawing at least 6 Bonus symbols of any type activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. If 3, 4, or 5 Bonus symbols are drawn, they stick to the reels for one spin, increasing the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. All Sticky symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. SPECIAL FEATURES HOLD THE JACKPOT BONUS GAME All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x, 12x and 15x player's bet. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot symbols may randomly appear during the Bonus Game and award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Collecting all 16 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 1000x player's bet. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, including MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND Jackpots. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game is played at the same bet level and Volatility Level™ as the spin that activated the bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.23% BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has a maximum of seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 1/3/2024