Quick Hit Ultra Pays Wolf Mountain WILD WILD symbol is WILD for all symbols, except for WOLF and QUICK HIT symbols. WILD symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. REELS On each wagered spin, the curtain may shift up or down on each reel to reveal 3 to 6 active rows. Symbols behind the curtain are not evaluated. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All Any Way pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. QUICK HIT™ FEATURE 9 scattered QUICK HIT symbols award the 9 QUICK HIT Jackpot. 8 scattered QUICK HIT symbols award the 8 QUICK HIT Jackpot. 7 scattered QUICK HIT symbols award the 7 QUICK HIT Jackpot. 6 scattered QUICK HIT symbols award the 6 QUICK HIT Jackpot. 5 scattered QUICK HIT symbols award the 5 QUICK HIT Jackpot. 4 scattered QUICK HIT symbols pay 3x total bet. 3 scattered QUICK HIT symbols pay 1x total bet. Jackpot amounts are relative to bet level RISING WHEEL™ FREE SPINS FEATURE 3 WOLF symbols award the feature; player will be awarded either 7, 10, 12, 15 or 20 free spins via a pick screen. Before the reel spin initiates, for each reel, a value of up to 6 may be displayed above the reel. When this occurs, the curtain over the associated reel will shift to reveal that number of extra symbols. Rising Wheel Free Spins Feature uses a different reel set. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except WOLF does not appear. The maximum number of ways available during Rising Wheel Free Spins Feature is 7776. ANY WAY™ PAYS Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Total bet is 20 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier. GAME RULES Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Total bet is 20 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter pays are paid in addition to way pays. Only the highest scatter win per scatter symbol type is paid in each game. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. This element won't appear in the result. LEGAL NOTICES NOT TRANSLATED - The expected return for this game is %. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. This game has premium winnings as described above. The player cannot influence the outcome of this game. Unfinished game rounds: Any game rounds that for some reason have not been completed are stored on the server. For example, an unfinished game round may be due to poor internet connection. Unfinished game rounds either automatically resume after a short delay or by restarting the game. An unfinished game round is stored on the server along with the current bet. If a round of betting is not continued within 24 hours, the player will receive any winnings for bets that have been settled. Where the game is not settled, the bet will be returned to the player. Last modification date: 12/16/2022