Quick Hit Ultra Pays Monkey’s Fortune WILD WILD symbol is WILD for all symbols, except for BONUS symbols and QUICK HIT™ symbols. WILD symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. REELS On each wagered spin, the curtain may shift up or down on each reel to reveal 3 to 6 active rows. Symbols behind the curtain are not evaluated. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All ANY WAY™ pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. QUICK HIT™ FEATURE 9 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols award the 9 QUICK HIT™ Jackpot. 8 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols award the 8 QUICK HIT™ Jackpot. 7 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols award the 7 QUICK HIT™ Jackpot. 6 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols award the 6 QUICK HIT™ Jackpot. 5 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols award the 5 QUICK HIT™ Jackpot. 4 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols pay 3x total bet. 3 scattered QUICK HIT™ symbols pay 1x total bet. Jackpot amounts are relative to bet level RISING WHEEL™ FREE SPINS FEATURE 3 BONUS symbols award the feature; player will be awarded either 7, 10, 12, 15 or 20 free spins via a pick screen. Before the reel spin initiates, for each reel, a value of up to 6 may be displayed above the reel. When this occurs, the curtain over the associated reel will shift to reveal that number of extra symbols. RISING WHEEL™ Free Spins Feature uses a different reel set. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except BONUS symbol does not appear. The maximum number of ways available during RISING WHEEL™ Free Spins Feature is 7776. ANY WAY™ PAYS Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. Total bet is 20 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier. GAME RULES Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Total bet is 20 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter pays are paid in addition to way pays. Only the highest scatter win per scatter symbol type is paid in each game. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. TURBO MODE Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. When Free Spins is awarded Turbo Mode button will automatically be turned OFF but can be turned ON during the feature. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is %. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/24/2023