Quick Hit Super Wheel Wild Red HOW TO PLAY QUICK HIT and BONUS are scatter symbols. WILD RED and WILD are wild for all symbols except for scatter symbols. Game Introduction Quick Hit™ Super Wheel Wild Red™ showcases a thrilling Super Wheel feature which awards various bonus features, including Wild Red™ Free Games where Wild Red™ symbols are added to the reels for each spin! Three scattered BONUS symbols will award the Wheel feature. Win Quick Hit™Jackpots on any spin by landing Quick Hit™symbols. Quick Hit™ Super Wheel Wild Red™ has 5 reels and 3 rows. The Quick Hit™ Super Wheel Bonus can award any one of four bonus features. There are 30 win lines available in this game. Select your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. Quick Hit™Super Wheel Bonus Land three scattered BONUS symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 to be awarded this feature. One spin of the outer wheel will be awarded. Spin to be awarded one of the four bonus features. Bonus Features Land the following outer wedges on the outer wheel to be awarded the respective bonus feature. The inner wheel will spin to award 3-25x total win multiplier. The BONUS symbols from the spin which triggered the Quick Hit™Super Wheel Bonus will transform into WILD symbols. The inner wheel will spin to award a number which corresponds to the number of QUICK HIT symbols that will be immediately awarded on the reels. At the start of this feature, 1x total bet will be awarded. The inner wheel will spin to award the number of free games for the feature. During each free game, a wheel will spin to award a multiplier of 2x, 3x, or 5x. All line and scatter pays for that free game will be multiplied by the value awarded by the wheel. At the start of this feature, 1x total bet will be awarded. The inner wheel will spin to award the number of free games for the feature. During each free game, the inner wheel will spin to award 5, 10, 15 or 20 WILD RED symbols. The awarded symbols will be added to the reels for that spin. Awarded WILD RED symbols will remain on the reels until the conclusion of the feature. Quick Hit™Scatter Pays Land at least three scattered QUICK HIT symbols to be awarded Quick Hit™scatter pays/jackpots.The awards for each number of QUICK HIT symbols is shown in the game’s paytable. Win lines The game contains 30 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the in-game paytable. This can be viewed by pressing the ‘?’ button. Only active paylines can register wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 95.97%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021