Ryze Game Rules Ryze is a 6 rows and 5-to-6 columns slot with an offset symbol grid, dropping symbols and cluster wins. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A winning cluster consists of 5 or more identical symbols which are either vertically or horizontally connected. Only the largest cluster of the connected identical symbols is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Symbols drop vertically with gravity and slide to the left and right repeatedly as far downwards as possible. All symbols except wild symbols can fall through wild symbols. Ryze is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. All cluster wins in the current symbol drop are collected. Thereafter, all symbols that were part of a winning combination explode. The remaining symbols fall vertically until they reach a resting position and new symbols drop in to fill the empty spaces. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appear. A winning cluster of solely payout symbols, not coins, creates a x1 Multiplier Wild in one of the vacant positions created after a win. The Multiplier Wild increases its multiplier by 1 for each winning cluster it is a part of, and moves to one of the vacant positions created by removing the winning symbols. The multiplier values of all Multiplier Wilds that are part of the same cluster are added and the sum is then multiplied by the winning cluster. After the win, the individual multipliers are increased before being multiplied and merged into a new Multiplier Wild. The Multiplier Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus and burst symbols. Coins show a value that is x times the bet. A cluster of coins pays out its aggregate value and that value is then given to a new coin that is left behind when the cluster is removed. A cluster of solely coin symbols does not create a Multiplier Wild. The multiplier values of all Multiplier Wilds in a winning coin cluster are added and the sum is then multiplied by the winning coin cluster. The burst symbol is a blocker that is activated at the end of the game round when there is nothing more that can happen. It changes itself and adjacent symbols into the same payout symbol or into coins, it does not transform into wild. The coins can get individual values. Bonus symbols, burst, coin and Multiplier Wild symbols are not affected. A burst symbol that has another adjacent burst symbol starts a chain reaction and all the affected symbols turn into the same payout symbol or into coins, it does not transform into wild. The burst symbols activate simultaneously but act individually if there are more than one in view. The burst symbol performs its feature before the bonus game starts if there is a bonus game trigger in the same drop. During the bonus game, the burst activates before awarding additional free drops if another bonus game trigger happens in the same free drop. It is activated at the end of the free drop when nothing more can happen. A bonus symbol that reaches the bonus key mould below the game grid triggers the bonus game with 7 free drops. Multiplier Wilds are sticky between free drops in the bonus game. A bonus symbol that reaches a position with a super bonus key mould below the game grid triggers the super bonus game with 7 free drops. Both coins and Multiplier Wilds are sticky between free drops in the super bonus game. 3 additional free drops are awarded when a bonus symbol reaches the bonus key mould during a bonus game. The bonus game is upgraded to a super bonus game in case a super bonus key mould is reached. The bonus game and super bonus game end when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Ryze is 94.0%. The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers several different game modes. Super Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Super Bonus game at the cost of 500x the selected bet. Both coins and Multiplier Wilds are sticky throughout the super bonus game. Bonus: Guaranteed entry to the Bonus game at the cost of 100x the selected bet. Multiplier Wilds are sticky throughout the bonus game. Coin Burst: Guarantees a game round with a Burst symbol in the first drop and all Burst symbols always give coins at the cost of 25x the selected bet. Wild Concoction: One drop that starts with a number of Multiplier Wilds at the cost of 10x the selected bet. Bonus Hunt: One drop with more than TRIPLE the chance to trigger the Bonus and Super Bonus game at the cost of 2x the selected bet. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game. The minimum X-iter cost is $ 0.40, and the maximum cost is $ 50,000.00. The theoretical payout (RTP) for all X-iter game modes in Ryze is 94.0%. All game rules apply for the X-iter features as well. Last modification date: 8/12/2025