Route 777 Game Description Route 777 is the second game in ELK’s suit of innovative Mobile First! 3 reel slots. It comes with a mix of traditional slot symbols, respins, free spins and a modern dot matrix accompanied by retro styled sound effects. Connecting paylines provide 17 ways to win and there is a chance to win up to 4000 times your bet. Identical hits on the first two reels start the Overtake Respins feature with 5 respins of the third reel while the first two reels lock and jointly move downwards one step for every respin. Three skulls on any reel positions trigger the Route 777 Free Spins bonus game. It starts off with 5 free spins, but a lucky hit of two additional skulls generate up to as many as 15 additional free spins. The cherry on the cake takes place as three skulls hit. It opens the door to the Route 777 Fortune Wheel with a guaranteed win. The wheel continues to spin until three identical sevens are collected, or the stop symbol is hit. Key Features Feature Value Lines 17 connecting paylines Reels 3 reels Rows 3 rows Hit frequency ~16% Name Route 777 Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Route 777 is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 17 connecting paylines. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in coins. Route 777 is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. Identical hits on the first two reels trigger the Overtake Respins with 5 respins. The first two reels lock during Overtake Respins and move jointly one step downwards for every respin. The third reel spins as normal. Overtake Respins can only be trigged in Normal mode. A combination of 3 skull symbols (scatter) anywhere on the reels triggers Bonus mode with 5 free spins - Route 777 Free Spins bonus game. A combination of 3 skull symbols during Overtake Respins immediately triggers Bonus mode with 5 free spins - Route 777 Free Spins bonus game. The remaining respins are played when the bonus game has ended. Two skull symbols in Bonus mode bring a random number of additional free spins. Three skull symbols in Bonus mode trigger the Route 777 Fortune Wheel. Every hit on the Route 777 Fortune Wheel makes the win advance one level in the related win matrix. The spins on the Route 777 Fortune Wheel continue until 3 identical sevens have been collected or the stop sign has been hit. The total win is collected when the fortune wheel session is completed. The Route 777 Free Spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Route 777 is 96.3% The maximum win is 400,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020