Reel Empire 1. Introduction Reel Empire is a 5x3 reels slot game with 20 winlines, paying left to right. The game has coins on the reel bands which are collectable in a pot corresponding to each reel. Once a pot is full, that particular reel will become Wild for a number of spins, (the same number of spins as coins collected). This is a Party Pots game and is connected to the CORE JACKPOT BONUS, (CJB). 7% of the total RTP is allocated to the CJB. 2. How to Play Set your stake: At the left of the screen, the player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons. The chosen stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 3, 4 or 5 of-a-kind symbols. Wins start with the leftmost reel, paying left to right, (reels 1-5), only in consecutive order. All wins shown on different winlines will be shown and paid to the player. Coin symbols will be present during normal spins. However, the amount needed to fill a pot above each reel varies. On both reels 1 and 5, the amount of coins needed to trigger a Wild reel is two coins. On the reels 2 and 4, the amount of coins needed is four. The centre reel needs six coins to trigger the Wild reel. Once the coin pot is filled, the reel that corresponds to that pot will now become a Wild reel. A traditional Roman shield will cover the reel. When the player spends a further credit by pressing PLAY, the shield will be removed to expose the wild reel spinning through that particular reel aperture. Some of these Wilds will have multipliers on them. Once the reels stop, any winlines passing through Wilds with multipliers will increase that win by the multiplier shown. That particular reel will remain Wild until all the coins collected in the pot above the reel are used up as each spin completes. There are 12 stakes in-play at any one time in various states of play. Each stake will have its own reel band status and corresponding pot amounts. If the player changes stake, they will be presented with the game status from where they left it last. 3. Core Jackpots Bonus Please note that this game is connected to the CORE JACKPOT BONUS, (CJB). This game has 7% RTP allocated to the CJB. This is a 7 stage bonus game which can trigger 7 progressive global jackpots which are incremented by ANY Core Gaming content that is designed to plug into this system. This is branded ‘Party Pots’ . During any spin on the game, a firework rocket may shoot up from the Party Pots area, located at the bottom of the screen. If this explodes, then the Party Pots feature has been activated. In each level, (Party), the player will be prompted to pick from 26 stars. The player can reveal the following: CASH - A cash value that gets added to your Total Win. JACKPOT - Win the current progressive amount for the Party in play. COLLECT - Ends the Party event. TICKET - Gain 3 VIP tickets to be upgraded to the next Party. It is possible to be upgraded through all 7 Parties. The Party event is only over if the player finds ‘COLLECT’. A progressive pot is only available to be won during the correlating Party ‘pick me’ level. Progressive Party Pots: During each standard reel spin, a proportion of the money staked is added to each cashpot. There are seven progressive pots which are: House Party Pot: Seeded at 50 Pool Party Pot: Seeded at 100 Club Party Pot: Seeded at 200 Beach Party Pot: Seeded at 500 Boat Party Pot: Seeded at 1,000 Concert Party Pot: Seeded at 5,000 Vegas Party Pot: Seeded at 15,000 The progressive Party Pots consists of a fixed minimum amount which gradually increases by a percentage of funds inputted into the game until it is won. When a Party Pot is won, it is reset to the seed amount and begins to rise again. The progressive Party Pots are available in "Real Play" only. Winning a progressive Party Pot neither contributes to, or is affected by, the daily cumulative winning’s limit. All players contribute 0.1% of each bet placed to each progressive pot on every game, (0.7% in total). Party Pots progressive pots payout will be rounded down to 2 decimal points. All players are eligible to win the progressive Party Pots on every game. It is not possible for two players to simultaneously win the Party Pots. The Party Pot is locked when it is being won. This means that no other bets will be accepted for it and only one player at a time is able to win it. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a draw, the game will repeat the incomplete draw and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. In the event of equipment failure or planned/unplanned terminations, progressive Party Pot parameters, (including cashpot values and incremental percentages), are fully restored with identical parameters, after restart. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, next to the PLAY button, will open the Autoplay functionality. Pressing the ‘menu’ button, on the right-hand side of the base game screen, will open the paytable information. The player can press the left and right arrow buttons to access the in-game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off via the ‘settings’ button, located on the left-hand side of the paytable. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate functionality. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 5. Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 6. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 7. General Information This game has a theoretical return to player (RTP) inclusive of the Core Jackpot ‘Party Pots’ bonus, from 79.48 to 95.39% dependent on player progression. For any payout which gives out fractional payments, these will be truncated to 2 decimal places. The maximum theoretical payout in one spin is 130,000 x stake. The amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 8. Copyright © 2019 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 5/4/2020