Rolling Stone Age Introduction Rolling Stone Age is a NON - standard 3, 5 or 7 reel slot game with winlines between 5 and 50, dependent on stake. The game has 3 progressive jackpots seeded at £3,000, £10,000 and £20,000. There are also 3 reel based features and a reel modifying bonus spin. How to Play Each press of SPIN will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 of-a-kind symbols dependant on stake from the centre 3 reels out on any payline. Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the right of the screen. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. There are nine stake levels the player can select. Each level has a dedicated amount of winlines and an amount of reels to play against every particular stake. The player can choose to play 3, 5 or 7 reels with between 5 and 50 winlines, depending on stake. The relating winlines and the amount of reels are dictated on each stake level. During normal game play, the reels are always going to stop from the centre out, whether on 3, 5 or 7 reels. Features There are WILD leopard skin symbols which substitute for all symbols. The Wild symbols can substitute for the other symbols to help create a line win, except scatters, (feature trigger vial symbols). Arranged at the top of reels are 3 progressive jackpots. Each of the progressive jackpots increment according to the stake level being played on. On occasion the player will be shown the Jackpot screen with a thermometer on a volcano. The Jackpot will only be awarded if the lava within the thermometer passes the RED line. The Jackpots are as follows: Bronze Jackpot: Increments from stake level 1-9, seeded at £3,000. Silver Jackpot: Increments from stake level 4-9, seeded at £10,000. Gold Jackpot: Increments from stake level 7-9, seeded at £20,000. There are three bonus features and also a base game reel modifier. The features are Diplo Dollars, Ice Age Freeze Spins and Walk The Dinosaur, with the modifier entitled Dinomite. When the three trigger dinosaur egg symbols land in view, one of the eggs will hatch, revealing a Free Spins bonus to the player. Either Diplo Dollars, Ice Age Freeze Spins or Walk The Dinosaur will be awarded. These are attributed to a particular 'feature' egg, so that the player will be able to know which bonus will be given. The eggs will be dedicated to the last three reels, ranging from the right, i.e. on 7 reels, the eggs will appear on reels 5, 6 and 7. These features are NOT available during the Bone-Us upgrade. Walk The Dinosaur : This is a Free Spins feature. These are Walking Wild Spins with the Wild initially appearing on the very last reel, on the right-hand side. This Walking Wilds feature has “Sliding Wilds” and the Wild Spins keep going provided a Wild is in view on the reels. After any win has been paid from the initial spin, before the next spin, the Wilds will slide across the screen to the left until they leave the furthest left reel. Additional Wilds can appear during Wild Spins, which will trigger more Free Spins. This feature applies to each of the 1-9 stake levels, so this feature will be applicable to 3, 5 or 7 reels. Diplo Dollars: Free Spins Feature which can award 5 to 20 Free Spins at random. The reels contain Stacked Wilds and also there is a random multiplier occasionally applied between x2 and x5. The dinosaur with the multiplier will only come onto the screen if there is at least a x2 or more multiplier added to the next spin. Ice Age Freeze Spins: A super volatile Free Spins feature. The reels freeze/lock with Stacked Wilds for the duration of the Free Spins event. There is a chance of between 6-50 Spins being awarded. The centre reel always is frozen with Stacked Wilds and, on the 7 reel level, also the outer reels left and right have frozen Stacked Wilds too. Secondary Bonuses Bone-Us Upgrade: During any normal base game spin, there is a random chance that from stake levels 1-6, the player will be upgraded and be given between 1 and 8 Free Spins at a higher level. This will include the upgrading of the amount of reels, winlines and, therefore, paytable wins. There is a bespoke upgrade chance for each level below level 7. These are improving the higher the level is. A player can only upgrade +3 or +6 levels where possible. During these Free Spins, it is not possible to win any of the bonus features. Dinomite: During any base game spin, there is a chance that the cave girl character will appear. She will ignite a “Dinomite” symbol, summon on the full set of 7 reels and blow up a set of at least 4 symbols. This will add a Colossal Wild set of symbols to the reels. The extra Wilds are fixed over the spinning reels and will remain for one game only. Once the reels have stopped, any wins will be paid as normal. Buttons ● Pressing the rotating arrow icon, above the Spin button, will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the auto plays adjuster. ● Pressing the ‘menu’ icon, on the right-hand side below the spin button, will open the menu from which the player can access the Paytable information. The player can tap the arrows left and right to access all the game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. ● Accessing the Menu will allow the player access to toggle the sounds on/off. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. ● Accessing the menu will also allow the player to press the ‘Tutorial’ button to see the in-game ‘Tutorial’ again. Paytable ● Only the highest win per bet line is paid. ● Line wins will pay from middle 3 reels out. ● Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. Game Recovery ● In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. ● Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. General Information ● This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) ranging from 92% to 94.09% based on player stake. ● The maximum payout in one spin in this game is 250,000.00. ● System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. ● Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. Copyright ● © Copyright 2016 CORE Gaming Limited – All rights reserved. ● Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020