Rainbow Riches Leprechauns Gold How to Play Game Introduction This is a 50 win line game that features a "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner" containing "Wild Rover", "?" bonus and "Free Spins" bonuses. The Leprechaun lends a helping hand during the "Lucky Leprechauns" bonus, as he increases the number of bonus symbols on the reels. This game includes a Big Bet option that can be played over multiple stakes to unlock the incremental advantages. Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view on the reels triggers the "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner". The "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner" is populated with various combinations of bonus symbols, "?" bonus symbol, "Wild Rover" and "Free Spins". When the "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner" stops spinning, the bonus symbol directly above the arrow is awarded. ? Bonus The "?" bonus is awarded from the "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner" or randomly during "Free Spins". When awarded, a number of "?" bonus symbols will populate random reel positions. During the reel spin, one of the win line award symbols will be selected to populate all "?' bonus symbol positions. If the "?" bonus symbol selected is a wild symbol, there is a chance the bonus will upgrade to the "Wild Rover" bonus. Wild Rover Bonus The "Wild Rover" bonus is awarded from the "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner" or randomly during "Free Spins". During the reel spin, wild symbols populate random reel positions. The wild symbols can turn adjacent reel positions into wild symbols. Free Spins Bonus The "Free Spins" bonus is awarded from the "Rainbow Ring Bonus Spinner". Between 8 and 25 "Free Spins" will be awarded, depending on the number of initiating bonus symbols. "Free Spins" use the same number stake, lines and awards as the game that triggered it. During "Free Spins", both the "?' bonus and "Wild Rover" can trigger randomly. Wishing Well Bonus The "Wishing Well" bonus appears at the end of a "Free Spins" sequence. The "Wishing Well" reveals a choice of 3 gold coins. Select one of these coins for a chance to win extra spins or a cash multiplier. Big Bet During the Big Bet game and Big Bet "Free Spins", the "Super Rainbow" becomes active. At the start of each spin, one or more reels are selected to become "Super Rainbow" reels. - Wild Cash" symbols consist of coins with multiplier values ranging from x1 to x50 that sit on top of a wild symbol. - All "Wild Cash" symbols in view are wild symbols that are evaluated with the line wins.. Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN Button to initiate the game. Win lines The game contains 50 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. RTP : 94.00% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000