Reel Clash How to play PAYOUTS Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. All wins that occur on multiple paylines are added to the total win. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration and symbol upgrades. WILD WILD symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the scatter symbols. WILD symbol does not appear on reel 1. SCATTER SYMBOL SWORD is a scatter symbol and can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in both the base game and in Free Spins. FREE SPINS Land 3 SWORD symbols in a single spin to win 11 Free Spins. Only half the symbol needs to be visible to count. Land 3 SWORD symbols during Free Spins will award 11 extra Free Spins. During Free Spins an additional 20 paylines are active for a total of 50 paylines, with wins possible beginning with the far left or far right reel. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. BATTLES After each base game and Free Spin a battle will take place. Each symbol will contribute points, which varies by level, towards its sides score. When one side wins the Clash Meter will move one segment up or down. If both scores are the same the Clash Meter does not change. The points for each symbol are shown in the table on next page If the Clash Meter reaches the top the player may upgrade a symbol of their choice. 5 of a kind wins for the upgraded symbol will now pay out the following: 1 stars - base payout x2 2 stars - base payout x3 3 stars - base payout x4 The combined payout can be viewed in the PAYOUTS pages. Upgrades are represented by stars on symbols. Each symbol can have a maximum of 3 stars (active upgrades). After the player makes their decision the Clash Meter will reset to the centre. If the Clash Meter reaches the bottom, a random symbol will be chosen to lose a star. This will only happen if an upgrade has already been awarded and is still active. Afterwards the Clash Meter resets to the centre. FREE UPGRADE If the player lands 2 scatters during the base game there is a chance that the player will be awarded a free upgrade. Free upgrades will not be awarded on spins where upgrades or downgrades happen via the normal method. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.04% Last modification date: 12/3/2021