Rocky's Gold PAYTABLE Wild substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols and the Rocky's Gold symbol All awards shown are multiples of current stake/line Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win is paid on each line. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. The expected return to player is 96.00% Due to the high production values of this game, lower quality hardware may run into performance and compatibility issues. In certain circumstances you may not be able to play the game. Pay Dirt Bonus X 2 triggers the Pick Me Bonus - player will be asked to pick a symbol. This will reveal either a cash prize or start the paydirt bonus with 5 free spins X 3 starts Pay Dirt Bonus with 10 free spins X 4 starts Pay Dirt Bonus with 15 free spins X 5 starts Pay Dirt Bonus with 20 free spins All Bonus symbols are scatters The player may or may not be offered a pick me at the start of every spin. Multiple picks can be offered. Each pick will reveal a reel modifier that can be applied to the next spin.The modifiers can be Wild Reels, Multipliers and locked modifiers. The lock modifiers can be applied to either a Wild Reel, a Multiplier or both.The lock modifier allows either the Wild Reel or the Multiplier to hold over to the next spin.If 2 multipliers are offered on one spin the first is multiplied by the second to give the end result.At the end of each spin any reel modifiers will be processed along with all win lines. TNT Bonus and can only appear on reels 3 and 4. When locked next to each other the TNT bonus is triggered Rocky will select a lower value symbol and will turn all of those selected symbols into a high value symbol. Rocky will continue to pick low value symbols until he blows himself and TNT symbol up. Wild Bonus Rocky can randomly trigger the Wild Reels Bonus on any losing spin.Watch out for Rocky stepping on screen and throwing different types of dynamite onto the reels to turn them wild. 3 types of dynamites can happen.Single dynamite replaces one symbol with a wild Multiple dynamites replaces more than one symbol with wilds.The big stick One huge dynamite that can knockout a block of symbols and turn them wild. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 6/4/2020