Raging Rhino Ultra SYMBOLS WILD The WILD symbol can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 and substitutes for all other symbols excluding the DIAMOND symbol. The WILD symbol may land during both the base game and Free Spins. DIAMOND The DIAMOND symbol is a scatter symbol and can appear on all reels. Land 3 or more DIAMOND symbols to be awarded Free Spins. FREE SPINS Land 3, 4, 5, or 6 DIAMOND scatter symbols in the base game to trigger Free Spins, and be awarded 8, 15 , 20 or 50 Free Spins, respectively. A total bet multiplier will be awarded for landing 3, 4, 5 or 6 DIAMOND scatter symbols. The scatter wins are added to the reel way wins. Number of DIAMOND Symbols Payout Number of Spins Awarded 3 2X Total Bet 8 4 10X Total Bet 15 5 50X Total Bet 20 6 1000X Total Bet 50 During the Free Spins Bonus, each WILD symbol included in a winning combination will multiply the payout of that way win by 2 or 3. This is accumulative for each WILD symbol included in that way win. Land 3, 4, 5 or 6 DIAMOND scatter symbols during Free Spins to be awarded additional Free Spins with the same total bet multiplier awards and Spins as in the base game. Landing 2 DIAMOND scatter symbols will award 5 additional Free Spins with no total bet multiplier award. BONUS GUARANTEE If less than 10X the total bet is awarded from both winning combinations during Free Spins and scatter wins from the triggering base game spin, a Bonus Guarantee of 10x total bet is awarded instead of the lower amount previously won. All Free Spins will be played with the same total bet as the spin that triggered the Feature. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. Mega Drop LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. LEGAL NOTICES The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The expected return for this game is 96.18%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2012, 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved Last modification date: 10/21/2021