Respin Rhino Respin Rhino is a Bet 40, 40-line 4x5 Reel slot game with a Rhino Respin. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.62% with any bet. The Won field displays winnings in credits. Spacebar can be used to spin. Select “Credit Value” (Bet Multiplier) x 40 bet for lines stake. Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Rhino Respin wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. Game Rules Rules 40 Coins plays 40 lines. Lady is wild, expands and substitutes for all symbols. Lady appears on reels 2 & 4 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins on selected paylines only. Wins on different paylines are added. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Rhino Respin is triggered when all symbols on reels 1 & 5 match. All 8 positions must contain the same gold symbol. All symbols on reels 1 & 5 convert to Rhino Symbols and are held for the respins. Initially reels 2, 3 & 4 respin three times. Any subsequent Lady symbol resets the respins back up to three and the Lady symbol is held for the remainder of the respins. Win up to nine respins. Gold symbols appear on only some of the reel strips randomly selected from the full set of reel strips. Rhino Respin cannot be retriggered. Rhino Respin is played at the triggering lines and bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Choose your BET SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: Spin: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. Stop: Stop allow players to stop the reel spin immediately to see the final results STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: Lines: This game is fixed for 40 lines. BET: Adjusts the BET. The slider adjusts the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. The slider increases or decreases the number of autoplays. The available of autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95 and 100. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by 40 Credits. Last modification date: 12/29/2021