Rainbow Riches Home Sweet Home How to Play Game Introduction This is a 50 win line game that features a ‘Knock Knock Bonus’ and a ‘Free Spins Bonus’. This game includes a Big Bet option that can be played over multiple stakes to unlock the incremental advantages. Knock-Knock' Bonus The ‘Knock-Knock Bonus’ is triggered when the Leprechaun symbol on the first reel is fully in view. This bonus opens from 1 to 4 doors to reveal which symbols will transform into wilds affecting the result of the current spin. The ‘Fairy Symbol’ may appear behind one of the opened doors during the 'Knock Knock Bonus'. When revealed, the 'Fairy Symbol' could select up to 5 reel positions to turn wild. Free Spins Bonus The ‘Free Spins Bonus’ is triggered when 3 Leprechaun scatter symbols are fully in view on reels 1, 3 and 5. This awards 8 free spins and any symbols revealed during the ‘Knock-Knock Bonus’ are re-applied to each spin for the duration of the free spins game. "During free spins, if 3 Leprechaun scatter symbols land on reels 1, 3 and 5, a further 8 free spins will be awarded." Leprechaun symbols completely or partially in view are wild and substitute for all symbols. Big Bet The Big Bet game offers potentially more ways to win with each increases in stake. Additional benefits available at the various stakes and include: Leprechaun symbol partially in view on the first reel will nudge into full view to award the ‘Knock-Knock Bonus’. Lower paying symbols are removed from the reels. Leprechaun symbol on the first reel increases in height to 5 symbols and when partially in view, will nudge into full view to award the ‘Knock-Knock Bonus’. Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN Button to initiate the game. Win lines The game contains 50 win lines. All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. RTP is 96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020