Raging Volcano Legend of Pompeii GAME DESCRIPTION RAGING VOLCANO LEGEND OF POMPEII™, eruptions of powerful magnitude cause an explosion of wild wins. Fireballs randomly erupt from the volcano and reign down on reels 2, 3 and 4. When a fireball lands within a reel, all symbol positions on that reel change to wild. If multiple fireballs land in a reel, the wild gain a multiplier corresponding to the number of fireballs in that reel. Each multiplying wild substituting in a line win multiplies the pay for that win; pays up to 27x. Any combination of 3 special overlaying gem symbols appearing in the reels award a jackpot win.. “RAGING VOLCANO LEGEND OF POMPEII™” has a 3x5 matrix layout, with fixed 30 lines. HOW TO PLAY  Select your bet.  Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. METERS AND BUTTONS  Bet – Shows the bet value of the current setting.  Bet per line – Shows the current bet per line.  Bet level – Displays the available bet options.  Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately.  Max – Displays the maximum bet.  Autoplay (wherever applicable) – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button.  Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid.  Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player.  All credit, bet and win meter would be shown in the currency. FREE GAMES Different reels are used during the FREE GAMES.  During the FREE GAMES, [FIRE BALL] appear more frequently.  FREE GAMES can be triggered again during the FREE GAMES.  All bets and lines played during the FREE GAMES are the same as the game that triggered the FREE GAMES. GEMS AND JACKPOTS A JACKPOT is won when 3 scattered GEM symbols overlay any stopped symbol positions on reels 1, 3 and 5 in any order, randomly. Only 1 GEM symbol can appear per reel.  Not valid when appearing outside of a symbol position.  Cannot appear on reel 3 in the game that [FIREBALL] appears on reel 3. JACKPOTS  This game has 4 levels of fixed jackpots.  Jackpot can be won during base game and free game. Jackpot win will be multiplied by bet per line. GAME RULES  This game requires a minimum of 65 credits multiplied by bet per line to play.  This game is intended for all play lines.  All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters.  Each symbol appearing on a reel is counted once per winning combination.  All wins on win lines only except scatters.  All symbols are valid when appearing in symbol positions only.  Line wins are multiplied by bet per line.  Wins on different lines are added.  Scatter wins are added to line wins.  [Scatter] wins are multiplied by the total bet.  All wins are multiplied by bet per line, except scatters.  Free Games wins are added to line wins.  Only highest is win paid on each line.  Increasing or decreasing your wager changes your chances of winning jackpots.  Malfunction voids all pays and plays.  All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. GAMBLE FEATURE  To enter the gamble game after a win, press the GAMBLE button.  Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win.  Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct.  Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct.  Gamble feature is not available for any feature win.  Win may be gambled up to 5 times.  Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger.  All wins cannot be gambled if the Jackpot is triggered.  Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. LOBBY BAR:  Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button.  Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS  Number of spins:  Select number of Auto spins as per available choice.  Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable).  Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached.  Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached.  Single win limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached.  Stop on any win: Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions.  “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game  “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Last modification date: 12/18/2024