Rambo Mega Mines How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's RAMBO™: MEGA MINES is under license from Studiocanal S.A.S. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the +/- buttons in the stake section of the game screen. Select your desired number of mines by using the +/- buttons in the mines section of the game screen. Once ready, select any square or autopick to start the game. Winning Payouts: Game information can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Winning prizes and jackpots are calculated using your initial stake. Total win amounts are shown for each winning game. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Rambo™: Mega Mines is a 4 x 4 instant win game featuring cash prizes, 5 fixed jackpots and a Spin Up feature. Before the game begins, the player can select whether 6, 7 or 8 mines are active in the game. If a prize or jackpot icon is revealed the player must select another square to continue the game. As the number of active mines increase, so does the value of the MEGA and RAMBO jackpots. Match 3 prize icons to win a cash prize or entry into the jackpot round. Match 3 jackpot icons to win entry into the jackpot round. If a mine icon is selected on the first pick, the game is over. If a mine icon is selected after 1+ prize or jackpot icons have been revealed, the game is over but the player has the option to continue the game. To continue the game the player must agree to place an additional bet. This additional bet is added to the initial stake to give the total stake. Once the additional bet has been made, the player must select another square and may keep selecting until they either match 3 jackpot or prize icons or reveal a mine icon. If a mine icon is revealed the game is over but the the player has the option to continue the game once more by agreeing to place an additional bet which is added to the total stake. This cycle continues until the player reveals all possible mines, matches 3 prize or jackpot icons or chooses to end the game. If the player plays with 6 active mines, the maximum win for this game is 500x the players bet. If the player plays with 7 active mines, the maximum win for this game is 1,000x the players bet. If the player plays with 8 active mines, the maximum win for this game is 2,000x the players bet. Prize Wheel Rules: If 3 prize icons are revealed, the player is awarded a prize via the prize wheel. Click/Press anywhere on the screen to spin the prize wheel. If the player receives a cash prize on their first spin they must decide whether to collect or Spin Up. If the player receives entry into the jackpot round they enter the jackpot round. If the player receives a level up they spin the wheel again. A maximum of 2 level ups can be awarded. Winning prizes are calculated by multiplying the prize value by your initial stake.The cash prizes available are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 30x, 40x and 50x the players bet. Spin Up Rules: If the player receives a cash prize they must collect or Spin Up. Collecting collects the prize and ends the game. If the player decides to Spin Up, they must select whether they would like to increase their prize by 2x, 5x or 10x. The player must select the 2x, the 5x or the 10x icon to begin the Spin Up feature. If the matching 2x, 5x or 10x that was selected lands inside the target of the Spin Up wheel the player wins and their prize increases by the appropriate amount. After a winning Spin Up, the player must decide whether to collect or Spin Up again. This cycle continues until the player collects their prizes or has a losing Spin Up. A losing Spin Up results in the player winning 0. If the player plays with 6 active mines, the maximum a player can collect during the Spin Up feature is 500x their initial stake. If the player plays with 7 active mines, the maximum a player can collect during the Spin Up feature is 1,000x their initial stake. If the player plays with 8 active mines, the maximum a player can collect during the Spin Up feature is 2,000x their initial stake. Spin Up may not be available in the game you are playing. Jackpot Round Rules: If 3 jackpot icons are revealed, the player enters the jackpot round. The jackpot round is played on a 4x4 grid. Once ready, select any square to start the jackpot round. Matching 3 MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA or RAMBO icons wins that specific jackpot. Autopick Rules: Instead of picking squares manually, players can opt to autopick. Click/press the autopick button on the game screen or space bar to autopick. If autopick is selected, a square is selected at random and revealed. If a mine is revealed on the first pick, the game is over. If autopick is selected and a prize or jackpot icon is revealed another random square is selected. This cycle continues until 3 prize or jackpot icons are revealed or a mine is revealed. If 3 prize or jackpot icons are revealed the game continues under normal game rules. If a mine icon is revealed the game is over but the player has the option to continue the game under the same conditions as the normal game rules. If the player continues their game, they may select autopick again. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. When playing with 6 mines, the theoretical average return to player (RTP) without any additional bets is 96.44% and with additional bets is 96.39% to 96.50%. When playing with 7 mines, the theoretical average return to player (RTP) without any additional bets is 96.45% and with additional bets is 96.39% to 96.50%. When playing with 8 mines, the theoretical average return to player (RTP) without any additional bets is 96.46% and with additional bets is 96.43% to 96.54%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/18/2025