Rise of Ymir ABOUT THE GAME RISE OF YMIR takes you on an epic journey back to a time when the world was young, and mankind was still in its infancy. A time of giants, gods, and mythology - where power was all that mattered and Middle-Earth shook from the battles between jotun on one side, and aesir on the other. Now join the fight in this game spanning 5 reels and 4 rows, with payline wins, and the chance for a heavenly max win of 15,000 times your bet achievable in all game modes! FEATURES YMIR’S CONQUEST The Ymir symbol is a wild multiplier that substitutes for the other paying symbols in the paytable. When a Ymir symbol participates in a winning combination, the value of the win is multiplied by the shown value. If more than one Ymir symbol is part of the same winning combination, their values are first added together before being applied to the win. When a Ymir symbol lands, it will stick in place and be given a multiplier from one of the following values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x Then, after all winning combinations on the grid have been awarded, a free respin will trigger. If any new Ymir symbols land on the respin, the process repeats. This continues until no new Ymir symbols land. If 4 Ymir symbols stick on the same reel, they will merge into a big Giant Ymir symbol. The multiplier values from all 4 Ymir symbols on that reel will be added together and applied to the whole Giant Ymir symbol and any winning combination it participates in. MEGAMULTIPLIER™ When the MEGAMULTIPLIER™ symbol lands while there are Ymir symbols on the grid, the multiplier values of all Ymir symbols will be added together into a global MEGAMULTIPLIER™ that applies to all wins while it is active! The MEGAMULTIPLIER™ also awards a respin when it activates. Any new Ymir symbols that land during subsequent respins will add their multiplier value to the MEGAMULTIPLIER™! The MEGAMULTIPLIER™ is removed at the beginning of the next round. DAWN OF GODS Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game has the YMIR’S CONQUEST and MEGAMULTIPLIER™ features from the base game, with a better chance of landing more Ymir symbols with higher multiplier values! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbol award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. FURY OF YMIR Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game has the YMIR’S CONQUEST and MEGAMULTIPLIER™ features from the base game, and the MEGAMULTIPLIER™ remains active between spins until the end of the bonus once activated! The multiplier on any new Ymir symbols that land while the MEGAMULTIPLIER™ is active will be collected in the global multiplier and applied to all wins! There is also a better chance of landing more Ymir symbols with higher multiplier values. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbol award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. FALL OF YMIR Activate this bonus with 3 refilling lives by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game has only the following symbols: non-paying “dead symbols”, Volcanic Ymir symbol, MEGAMULTIPLIER™ symbol, and Asgardian Orb symbols. The following symbols are dead symbols: Each spin in the bonus consumes 1 life. Whenever any symbol other than one of the dead symbols lands, your lives are refilled to 3. After 3 spins without a refill, the bonus will end. The Volcanic Ymir symbol is a special multiplier symbol that can be collected and increased in different ways! When a Volcanic Ymir symbol lands, it will stick in place and be given a multiplier from one of the following values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x When a MEGAMULTIPLIER™ symbol lands, all Volcanic Ymir symbol multipliers values are added to a total global multiplier, while the Volcanic Ymir symbols also retain their values on the grid. When an Asgardian Orb symbol lands the collected value in the global multiplier is consumed and added to some or all of the Volcanic Ymir symbols. Green Asgardian Orb symbols add the value to all Volcanic Ymir symbols on the reel where it landed. If there are no Volcanic Ymir symbols on that reel, nothing happens. Golden Asgardian Orb symbols add the value to ALL Volcanic Ymir symbols on the whole grid! When the collected global multiplier is consumed in this way, its value is reset to 0 and removed. Land new MEGAMULTIPLIER™ symbols to build it back up again! Once the bonus game ends, the value of all Volcanic Ymir symbols on the grid will be added together and multiplied by your bet to determine the final win! SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.31%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The MEGAMULTIPLIER™ symbol can only land together with or after an Ymir symbol lands. FS symbols do not appear in FALL OF YMIR. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.24%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying MIGHT OF YMIR FEATURESPINS™ is 96.29%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying DAWN OF GODS is 96.28%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying FURY OF YMIR is 96.28%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying FALL OF YMIR is 96.31%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between €0.10 and €100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 15,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 11/25/2025