Rainbow Wilds Rainbow Wilds is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 1024 win ways, featuring Wild Stars, Expanding Wilds, Sticky Wilds, Free Tumbles and Free Spins with incremental multipliers. You play a fixed 50 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE and the numnber of win ways A win way win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the number of appearances of that symbol on each reel Wild symbols simultaneously counts as all non wild symbols. Free Spins are awarded upon 4 or more successive tumble wins. Number of awarded FS depends on the number of successive tumbles. During regular game, wild stars and expanding wild symbols may appear on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th reels. A sticky wild symbol may appear on the central reel. Incremental multipliers are activated during the Free Spin game. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 6000 per game round or 300,000 coins. If the payout exceeds these amount for any reason then the payout will be instead reduced to this amount. EXPANDING WILD SYMBOL during regular game When a Expanding Wild icon appears on the top position of any reel, it will expand covering the entire reel. More than one Expanding Wild can appear on the reels at the same time. Expanding Wilds substitutes for all non Wild symbols and can appear on any reel other than the 1st. Free Spins Free Spins are awarded by Successive Tumble Wins. 4 successive tumble wins awards 14 Free Spins and no extra starting multiplier. 5 successive tumble wins awards 16 Free Spins and no extra starting multiplier. 6 successive tumble wins awards 16 Free Spins and a 3x starting multiplier 7 successive tumble wins awards 20 Free Spins and a 3x starting multiplier 8 successive tumble wins awards 20 Free Spins and a 6x starting multiplier Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win a round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Sound page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Setting page Left handed spin. Swaps Bet and Spin button position. Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Autoplay Page Autoplay. See Advanced Autoplay Options earlier. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Bet settings page Display in coins. Toggles between coins and cash, it only affects total balance and winnings, bet is always displayed in cash using the current currency. Home page. Click the Home button to come back to the lobby. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96 %. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020