Raven's Eye Game Rules Note: The Raven's Eye video slot is referred to as Raven's Eye, The Game or Game. 1. Raven's Eye is a 4x5 video slot with 30 fixed pay lines, mystery symbols, wilds and a Bonus game with Mystery Collect feature. The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 4. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 5. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 6. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 7. Only the best win per pay line is paid out in combinations according to the pay table. 8. The wild symbols substitutes for any other symbol except the scatter symbol. 9. The Raven Mystery symbol is a mystery symbol that will be replaced by another symbol type. In the base game Raven Mystery symbols landing on 3 or more reels will trigger the bonus game. The number of free spins awarded depends on the number of Mystery Raven symbols that land on the reels. 10. In the bonus game Raven Orbs are collected in order to fill the symbol meters. When a meter is filled, the symbol becomes a mystery symbol for the remainder of the bonus game and the player is awarded 3 extra spins. When all normal symbols have been transformed into mystery symbols 11. No bets can be altered during a game round. 12. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are discharged. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020