Red Roo Red Roo is a Bet 40, 1024 ways 4x5 Reel slot game with a Free Game bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.301% with any bet. The Won field displays winnings in credits. All 1024 Ways always played for 40 credits Spacebar can be used to spin Select “Credit Value” (Bet Multiplier) x 40 bet for ways stake Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Free Game wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter Game Rules WILD ROCK is WILD and substitutes for all except AUSTRALIA. WILD ROCK appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Win up to 20 FREE GAMES with WILD ROCK WINS Multiplied up to x27! During FREE GAMES 2 AUSTRALIA trigger 5 EXTRA FREE GAMES. Play bet 40 for 1024 ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the multiplier bet. Win 8, 15 or 20 Free Games with a 3, 4 or 5 AUSTRALIA symbol win respectively. During Free Games, each WILD ROCK that appears on reels 2,3 or 4 will MULTIPLY any prize it is substituting in by either x2 or x3 up to total maximum of x27. 5 Additional Free Games are awarded if Any 2 scattered AUSTRALIA Symbols occur during any Free Game. Free Games can be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Payments are made according to the pay table. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. Malfunction voids all pays and plays 1024 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1,2,3,4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN Bet: The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons. The Max Bet button (coin icon) will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 50 spins. Stop: Stop allow players to stop the reel spin immediately to see the final results STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. Continue: During free games, this button when appears allow players to skip to the next free game. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: Ways: This game is fixed for 1024 ways. BET: Adjusts the BET per LINE. Use the slider to adjust the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. Mute: Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the number of lines being played. Last modification date: 12/29/2021