Ramesses Gold Megaways Ramesses Gold Megaways™ Ramesses Gold Megaways™ is a Megaways™ slot game with up to 117,649 ways to win. Each win may bring you a chain of reactions of additional wins. The Average Theoretical Return to Player is: 94.39% The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time and cannot be affected by the player's strategy. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 0. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. RULES WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. SCATTER Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear. All SCATTER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SCATTER symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. When all rows of a vertical reel are filled with SCATTER symbols, the reel expands to its maximum number of rows (if not already at its maximum number of rows). Reels can have a maximum of 7 rows. For reels 2, 3, 4, and 5, this includes 1 symbol from the horizontal top reel. When a reel expands, existing SCATTER symbols are moved to the bottom of the reel, and new blank positions appear at the top of the reel. The horizontal top reel does not expand. Any vertical reels filled with SCATTER symbols upon triggering the feature will expand prior to the first respin. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when the reels are filled with 42 SCATTER symbols. Upon completion of respins, each SCATTER symbol awards a prize or bonus prize. In addition to this, if 42 SCATTER symbols have landed, a Grand bonus is also awarded. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. Grand bonus prizes may be awarded a maximum of 2 times per feature (once from a SCATTER symbol, and once from filling the reels with 42 SCATTER symbols). Major bonus prize may only be awarded once per feature. Grand bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet (1x, 1.25x, 1.5x, 1.75x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 50x, 75x, 100x). Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Megaways™ Each spin can have up to 117,649 Megaways™ to win. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each reel alone or with the top reel can have up to 7 symbols. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size. Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play up to 117,649 Megaways™. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols and symbols during the Respins Feature have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Last modification date: 7/24/2025