Rainbow Riches Megaways How to Play Game Introduction Rainbow Riches Megaways ™ uses the popular Megaways ™ mechanic that provides between 324 and 117,649 ways to win. Winning symbols are removed after each spin causing a cascade of symbols that can create further wins. The ‘Free Spins Bonus’ features an unlimited win multiplier and a chance of additional Free Spins. Cascading Wins When a winning combination appears on the reels, all symbols participating in a win are removed from the reels and replaced. Symbols are replaced on the main reels from above and on the top reels from the right. The number of symbols on each reel is fixed for any subsequent symbol cascades that occur in each game round. The cascade will continue until no further wins are created. Super Gem Bonus A Super Gem symbol appearing in any position on the top reel will trigger the ‘Super Gem Bonus’. The Super Gem transforms all visible gem symbols, including itself, into the same randomly selected gem symbol. The transformed gem symbols are evaluated and paid along with any other wins. Free Spins Bonus The ‘Free Spins Bonus’ is awarded when 4 or more pot symbols are in view on the main reels at the end of a spin. 12 Free Spins will be awarded for 4 pot symbols. For each additional symbol in view, 5 extra Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins use the same awards as the base game. Free Spins Bonus Re-Trigger The extra Free Spins symbols are only available on the top reel. 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins are awarded when +1, +2 or +3 symbols respectively are in view at the end of a spin. Extra Free Spin symbols are removed from the top reel and added to the remaining counter. The top reel symbols will cascade when the symbol is removed, potentially creating further wins. Unlimited Win Multiplier The ‘Free Spins Bonus’ features an ‘Unlimited Win Multiplier’. The ‘Unlimited Win Multiplier’ starts at x1 and increments by 1 after each winning cascade. The increased ‘Unlimited Win Multiplier’ applies to subsequent wins. A winning cascade consists of all adjacent win symbols and does not include additional Free Spin symbols. Select your stake To adjust the STAKE, use the '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN Button to initiate the game. Adjacent Wins The game contains adjacent wins. All win amounts are shown in the games pay table. These can be viewed by pressing the "?" button. RTP:95.9% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020