Rainbow Riches Pots of Gold SPECIAL SYMBOLS WILD and POT OF GOLD symbols can appear on all reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except POT OF GOLD. POT OF GOLD symbols are scatter symbols. POTS OF GOLD BONUS Land three or four POT OF GOLD symbols to be awarded the POTS OF GOLD BONUS. Five POT OF GOLD symbols awards the POTS OF GOLD SUPER BONUS. Greater prizes can be won by triggering the bonus features with more POT OF GOLD symbols. Spin the wheel to win a cash prize. Bronze, Silver and Gold cash prizes are available. Prizes on the wheel are displayed as multipliers of the total bet which triggered the feature. To win the POTS OF GOLD BONUS: Land 3 POT OF GOLD symbols to win between 30x and 1000x total bet. Land 4 POT OF GOLD symbols to win between 40x and 2000x total bet. To win the POTS OF GOLD SUPER BONUS: Land 5 POT OF GOLD symbols to win between 50x and 5000x total bet. One spin of the wheel is awarded per feature trigger. Bonus wins are added to line wins. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. Mega Drop LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. LEGAL NOTICES In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. The expected return for this game is 96.40%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020