Raven's Reveal Raven’s Reveal Raven’s Reveal is a Bet 25, 50 line, 4x6 Reel slot game with Raven’s Reveal feature and Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the bet amount played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.07% with any bet. Moon, Wild Moon, Wild Red Moon and Jackpots are moon symbols. Moon symbols in any position on 6 consecutive reels triggers reveal feature. Reveal Feature pays all prizes on Moons. Wild Moons reveals a credit prize that is paid. Wild Red Moons reveal Mini, Minor, Major, Grand or a 2x, 3x, 5x multiplier. Multipliers apply to credit prizes only and not to Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. Wild Red Moon substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Wild Moon. 4th Wild Red Moon on a spin is guaranteed to be a Jackpot. Free Games 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter triggers 8, 12, 16 or 20 Free Games respectively. 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 scatters retriggers 3, 8, 12, 16 or 20 Free Games respectively Free Games can be retriggered. Moon is guaranteed to land on reels 1 and 2. Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Rules 25 Coins plays 50 lines. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier, except SCATTER which are multiplied by the total bet. Wild Moon substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Wild Red Moon. Wild Moon Appears on reels 3, 4, 5 and 6 only. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier, except Scatter which is multiplied by the total bet. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main men. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY. View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. Last modification date: 10/19/2022