Road to Riches Race Day How to play PAYOUTS All ANY WAY pays are multiplied by the total bet divided by 20. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. ANY WAY pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. This game contains up to 4096 ways to win. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Landing 4 or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the Free Spins feature. Landing a Horse symbol anywhere on the reels will contribute to the Horses feature. The Wild symbol will substitute for any other symbol other than the Scatter symbol or Horse symbols. The Wild symbol can land on any reel other than the first and last. REEL CASCADES When there is one or more winning combination, the winning symbols will explode, and new symbols will take their place. Wins are calculated before the winning symbols explode. Any new winning combinations will be evaluated once the new symbols fill into the reels. The total amount for the spin is awarded when no more cascades occur. HORSES Above the reels there are 5 horses each with an associated pot. When one of these horses appears on the reels that horse will move forward on the track. Multiple horses can appear in a single spin. When a horse reaches the pot that prize is awarded to the player, if multiple horses reach their respective pots on the same cascade then both prizes are awarded. Once a prize is awarded all horses reset to the start and new pot prizes are chosen. Any horse that lands on the reels will cascade along with the winning symbols. Horse pots and progress is persistent to player. Pot value awarded is based on average bet of contributing spins. The maximum pot value is 500x average bet of contributing spins. Extra horses exceeding the track limit do not count once the race is reset. Once a prize is awarded, all horses reset to the start of the track before any further cascades of the same spin. When all horses reset, a new race begins and new pot prizes are chosen. Each pot value is generated randomly at the beginning of each new race. FREE SPINS Free spins is awarded by 4 or more scatters landing during a base game spin. During Free Spins each pot will start with a value equal to x10 stake. The player can distribute another 90x stake to the pots before free spins starts. This can be split across multiple pots or all added to one. The horse race in Free Spins is a new race. Each horse will start at the beginning of their tracks. The Free Spins race and the base game race do not affect or interact with each other. Any progress in the base game race will be continued once the Free Spins race has finished. Free Spins are played automatically. Free Spins end when one of the pots is awarded. Free Spins end when the maximum win is achieved. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.25% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/17/2021