Rock Paper Scissors Game Description ROCK PAPER SCISSORS INSTANT WIN™, from simple hand game to leveled-up Wheel Prize excitement. Win at Rock Paper Scissors to get one of the Wheel Prizes. A tie result will step up your prize level. Five prize levels are available on the Prize Wheel, including two jackpots. This game has a wheel with 20 slot of credit prize. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current minimum bet. Coin Value: The coin value determines your bet on the spin. Play Button: Starts the game and the Game’s hand start shuffling. Max: Displays the maximum bet. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum of “40” CREDITS to play. Press [Play] to start the game. Press ROCK, PAPER or SCISSORS to throw the corresponding HAND. When the player's HAND is thrown, the Game's Hand simultaneously throws a HAND: ROCK , PAPER or SCISSORS . The player wins the game by throwing the winning HAND amongst the two HANDS thrown. If the player wins, a prize is won. No further games are played once a winning HAND is thrown. The maximum number of games that can be played before a winning hand is thrown is 8. If game again tie on 8th number of game then it will not award any win. The payout of this game is not affected by the method in which a player's HAND is thrown. All wins are multiplied by total bet. If both the player's HAND and the Game's HAND are the same, the game is a TIE and 1 more game is played at no cost. If the game is a TIE or doesn’t select the hand, the displayed countdown timer is reset and automatically starts to countdown when the next game begins. If the player does not select a HAND before the timer reaches zero, a randomly selected HAND is automatically thrown for the player. Time limit: 90 sec.countdown. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Gamble Feature To enter the gamble game after a win, press the GAMBLE button. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Wins may be gambled up to 5 times. All wins cannot be gambled if the Jackpot is won. Last modification date: 2/11/2025