Royal Mint Introducing the game Royal Mint™ is a six-reel video slot featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Triple Reaction™ and Heartstopper™ Enhanced Free Spins with 117649 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Extra Reels The extra reels add symbols above and below reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions All winning symbols except Scatters are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the extra reels. Symbol Wins Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters and appear in extra reels only. Scatter The Scatter symbol can appear in any of the six vertical reels. Get 4 MINT Scatters to win 12 Free Spins. Any extra Scatters add an extra 4 Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins, there is an unlimited Win Multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. Free Spin Scatter icons can appear in the extra reels and can award extra Free Spins. 3 Scatters award 4 extra Free Spins. Each extra Scatter award 4 more extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. HEARTSTOPPER™ ENHANCED FREE SPINS 3 Scatters awards a Gold Bar. At 40 Gold bars an extra scatter is added per spin until the next feature trigger. Four or more Scatters in any position will award the Heartstopper™ Enhanced Free Spins. ENHANCED UNLIMITED WIN MULTIPLIER The Win Multiplier starts at x2 and increases by 2 after every reaction. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.48% System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/10/2022