Road to Riches ROAD TO RICHES Base Game WILD ROAD TO RICHES LUCKY WELL GOLD POTS WILD is wild for all symbols except ROAD TO RICHES, LUCKY WELL, and GOLD POTS. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. GOLD POTS only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Road To Riches Feature 3 or more ROAD TO RICHES scatter symbols in view awards ROAD TO RICHES FEATURE! Press SPIN button to spin the wheel and decide the number of steps up the cash path. Wheel stops at any one of the following 7 positions – 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, COLLECT. No win is received if the player lands on COLLECT on the first spin. Continue spinning and progressing until the wheel lands on a collect position or the top prize is reached. The total prize will be the final position achieved multiplied by the total bet. During the Road To Riches Feature the bet per line and the number of active paylines remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Road To Riches Awards: 1x - 500x the total bet. Lucky Well Feature 3 or more scattered LUCKY WELL trigger the Lucky Well Feature. Select a lucky well by clicking on it. The player will be awarded the value indicated on the selected well multiplied by the total bet During the Lucky Well Feature the bet per line and the number of active paylines remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Lucky Well Awards: 2x - 500x the total bet. Gold Pots Feature 3 scattered GOLD POTS trigger the Gold Pots Feature. Gold, silver, and bronze pots spin around the screen. When they come to a halt, the arrow will point to one pot. The value of the selected pot is multiplied by the total bet. During the Gold Pots Feature the bet per line and the number of active paylines remains the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. Gold Pots Awards:50x - 500x the total bet. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the number of lines multiplied by the cash bet on each line. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/25/2021