Respin Racer Respin Racer is a Bet 25, 25 Line 3x5 reel slot game with a Respin Bonus and an optional Ante Bet of 40. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.43% with Ante Bet Off and 95.83% with Ante Bet On. Game Rules Rules 25 Coins plays 25 lines. Ante Bet On plays 40 coins for 25 lines. Kangaroo is wild, expands and substitutes for all symbols. Turn Ante Bet On to activate kangaroos on reel 3. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins on selected paylines only. Wins on different paylines are added. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Respin Bonus Rules Respin Bonus is triggered when all symbols on reels 1 & 5 match. All 6 positions must contain the same golden symbol. Triggering with stacks of Golden RoadRunner may add additional 2x and 3x multipliers on reels 1 & 5 and can win up to 9x. Golden symbols appear on only some of the reel strips randomly selected from the full set of reel strips. All symbols on reels 1 & 5 convert to Gold RoadRunner Symbols and are locked for the Respins. Initially reels 2, 3 & 4 respin three times. Any Wild appearing reset Respins back to 3 and Wild is locked for the remaining Respins. Win up to nine Respins with Ante Bet Off. Win up to twelve Respins with Ante Bet On. Respin Bonus cannot be retriggered. Respin Bonus is played at the triggering lines and bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Free Games MAIN GAME BUTTONS: BET Adjusts the BET staked. (+) button raises your BET, (-) button lowers your BET. SPIN Spins the reels. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to INFO, AUTOPLAY, BET and SOUND tabs. ANTE BET ON Bet increases from a minimum bet of $0.25 to $0.40 and adds a Wild Kangaroo on reel 3. ANTE BET OFF Bet decreases from a minimum bet of $0.40 to $0.25 and no Wild Kangaroo appears on reel 3. MENU TAB BUTTONS: INFO View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SOUND View available sound settings. RETURN Closes MENU and returns to the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020