Rogue Treasure Rogue Treasure - Help File 1 Rogue Treasure Rogue Treasure is a 5 reel slot game with a RESPINS and FREE SPINS FEATURE to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.884% 2 Rules 2.1 Game Rules Play 1 to 25 lines. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scattered TREASURE CHEST wins are multiplied by the total bet. Only the highest win is paid on each active line. All wins occur on selected lines only except scattered TREASURE CHEST (which pays any). Symbols pay from left to right on active lines except TREASURE CHEST (which pays any) and GUARD. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scattered TREASURE CHEST wins are added to line wins. WILD REEL and ROGUE substitute for all symbols except TREASURE CHEST and GUARD. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 2.2 Respins Respins trigger randomly after a base game spin. On a WILD REEL, all positions substitute for all symbols except TREASURE CHEST and GUARD. Upon trigger, Reel 2 becomes a WILD REEL and one respin is awarded. Upon each retrigger, the reel to the right of the last WILD REEL becomes a WILD REEL and one respin is awarded. Retriggers occur randomly up until a maximum of three WILD REELs have been awarded. Respins are played at the same lines and bet of the triggering spin. Respins cannot be triggered on the same spin as a Free Spins trigger. 2.3 Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 scattered TREASURE CHESTs awards Free Spins. Rather than pay as a scatter, each TREASURE CHEST appearing during Free Spins reveals a prize of up to 5x total bet. GUARDs begin to appear on the reels only after a TREASURE CHEST appears during Free Spins. Free Spins continue until 3, 4 or 5 scattered GUARDs appear. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins are played at the same lines and bet of the triggering spin. 3 How to Play The Bet Per Line and Line Selection that you want to play can be adjusted through the (<) and (>) buttons alongside the corresponding meter. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. When playing in a UK jurisdiction, a UK-specific dialog is used where a spin count of 1 to 100 must be selected, a total autoplay session loss limit, with optional settings for a single win limit and cancellation on feature trigger (i.e. Respins or Free Spins) Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Lines: Adjusts the number of lines available to play. The Up (>) / Down (<) buttons adjust the number of lines to play up or down. Bet: Adjusts bet per line. The Up (>) / Down (<) buttons adjust the bet per line up or down. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020