Rainbow Run About In Rainbow Run you jump over blocks and collect coins and power ups. Each coin awards a prize. It features the Run Amok™ mechanic. Game Rules Playing Press the start button to play the game. Select your bet size on the stake interface. The energy remaining and current win are shown on screen. The game panel will display your current bet, current win, and current balance. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Run Amok™ Mechanic Each game starts with an energy level of 10. A series of randomly selected blocks fall into the playing area and create obstacles for the player to jump over. Each block height jumped up removes one section of energy. Reaching a level with a power up adds a random amount of extra energy. Passing directly through a coin will reveal a random cash prize that is awarded to the player. The game ends when no energy remains. Pots of Gold Jackpots Reaching the end of a level awards the pots of gold jackpot game where one of the four jackpot values is guaranteed to be won. The jackpot values are increased after completing the first 3 levels. The Pick feature is for visual purposes only and does not influence game outcomes. Levels Reaching the end of level one moves the player to level two where the jackpot values are increased. Reaching the end of level two moves the player to level three where the jackpot values are increased again. Reaching the end of level three moves the player to level four where the jackpot values are increased again. All subsequent games are then played on level four with the highest value jackpots. Extra power up purchases When all energy in the base game has been used, the player can choose to purchase extra power ups to continue the game. Each power up awards a random amount of energy. Each purchase guarantees enough energy to jump up to the next block. The price and potential energy awarded are displayed on the button. The total staked so far is displayed in the information bar. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for level 1 is 95.08% The theoretical return to player for level 2 is 95.06% The theoretical return to player for level 3 is 95.15% The theoretical return to player for level 4 is 95.19% Extra energy purchase theoretical return to player is 95.00% Randomization Blocks are selected randomly from a weighted list of predefined shapes. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 95.19% Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values.