Reel Riches - Fortune Age How To Play Reel Riches™ Fortune Age™ is a slot game that includes a Free Spins Bonus, Picker Feature, and a Wheel Bonus Feature. The Picker Feature awards various amounts of Free Spins and multipliers, which are then used in the Free Spins Bonus. There are 5 different levels that can be won on the Wheel Bonus, each with different awards. The game features 5 reels each with 4 rows. appears on the last reel during base game, and all reels during freespins. It is WILD for all symbols, except the scatter symbol. The Wheel Bonus is triggered when at least one of the various colored coins (green, purple, blue, yellow or red) lands on the reels. The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more scattered land on the reels. If both the Free Spins Bonus and the Wheel Bonus are triggered during the base game, both features will be awarded. The Free Spins Bonus will be played after the Wheel Bonus feature finishes. Bets Selecting your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons (desktop) or slide the betting options (mobile) to increase or decrease the Total Bet. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Only highest scatter win paid per game per play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click STOP AUTOPLAY to cancel auto play. Autoplay is stopped when a bonus event occurs. Click 'Stop' to cancel AUTOPLAY. Wheel Bonus When at least one of the various colored coins becomes active and lands on the reels, this triggers 1 spin of the corresponding colored wheel. The active window on the wheel increases in size for each coin on the triggering reel. 1, 2, 3 or 4 coins on the triggering reel awards 1, 2, 3 or 4 wedges on the wheel respectively. Wedges on the wheel contain cash prizes, jackpots or coin upgrades. Coin upgrades award 1 spin of the wheel associated with the coin shown on that wedge, with 1 wedge on the associated wheel awarded. Jackpot Bonus The jackpots available are MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, GRAND and MEGA, where each jackpot corresponds to a colored wheel. The jackpot values are displayed in the paytable. The Wheel Bonus is not available during the Free Spins Bonus. Cash prizes displayed during the bonus have already been multiplied by the bet multiplier. Free Spins Bonus is the scatter symbol. The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols land on the reels. The player is then awarded picks from 18 red money bags. The player is also awarded a cash prize depending on the number of Green Dragon symbols that appear on the reels. The cash prize is equal to the player’s total bet multiplied by either 50x for 5 Green Dragon symbols, 5x for 4 Green Dragon symbols or 2x for 3 Green Dragon symbols. Players pick bags until 3 colored gems match. Free Spins will be awarded according to the colored gems that are matched. This information is displayed in the paytable, ranging from Yellow gems awarding 5 Free Spins to Purple Gems awarding 20 Free Spins. Picks can also reveal +1X and +3 Free Spins. +1X increases the multiplier for each option by 1x. +3 Free Spins increases the Free Spins awarded for each option by 3 spins. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered during the Free Spins Bonus, but will play at the end of the current bonus. All free games are played with the line bets that were in play when the Free Games Bonus Feature was started. Coins do not appear on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus. Win Lines The game contains 40 win lines, in both the base game and free spins. All line configurations are shown on the paylines page of the paytable. These can be viewed by pressing the “?” button. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected return for this game is 96.15% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2018 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved Last modification date: 12/29/2021