Ritual Respins Ritual Respins Ritual Respins is a Bet 30, 243 Ways 3x5 Reel slot game with a 2nd Chance Trigger and Respins Feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. Game Rules Play bet 30 for 243 ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wild Lady substitutes for all symbols, except Scatter Cauldron and Scatter Chest. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatters which pays any. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Lady Appears in Base Game only. Appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. Wild Lady substitutes for all symbols, except Scatter Cauldron and Scatter Chest. Scatter Cauldron 3 or more Scatter Cauldron triggers Respins. 2 + awards 2nd Chance Trigger. 2nd Chance Trigger 2 trigger during Base Game. If explodes then it will award . 2 + awards 2nd Chance Trigger. The triggering Scatter Cauldrons are locked in. Remaining positions are re-spun once as individual reels for a chance of landing additional Scatter Cauldrons. Landing 13 Scatter Cauldrons does not play Respins. Respins 3 or more Scatter Cauldrons triggers Respins. Prizes placed on Scatter Cauldrons are awarded. Prizes are placed on Scatter Cauldrons on trigger and any additional cauldron during Respins. Scatter Cauldron Prizes are 30, 40, 50, 70, 100, 200 and 500. Scatter Cauldron Prizes displayed in game are multiplied by bet multiplier. Respins reset to 5 on any landing Scatter Cauldron or Scatter Chest. Respins are played at the triggering bet. 15 Scatter Cauldrons and/or Scatter Chest ends Respins. Scatter Chest Appears in Respins only. Awards accumulation of all Scatter Cauldron prizes. Scatter Chest accumulated prize does not change on subsequent Respins. 243 Ways Rules For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Respin: Displays the number of respins left to play. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino™s main menu. Last modification date: 10/17/2023