Raging Rhino Megaways HOW TO PLAY BONUS WILD SPIN BUTTON The BONUS is a scatter symbol WILD substitutes for all symbols except for BONUS. In the base game, WILD only appears on the top row. Game Introduction Raging Rhino Megaways features winning symbols that explode, allowing new symbols and winning combinations to appear! Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. Payouts reflect the current bet configuration. Select your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your bet. Press the SPIN BUTTON to initiate the game. Cascade Feature Each spin can have up to 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! The number of symbols per reel does not affect the payout per symbol. Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size. If a symbol from the top row is included in a winline, it will explode and the top row will fill in from the right All ways from landed symbols will be awarded simultaneously and then the symbols will be replaced, after which any new winning combinations will be awarded Free Spins Land 4 or more scattered BONUS symbols to trigger Free Spins. To begin, 8 free spins are awarded. Land 3 or more scattered BONUS symbols during Free Spins to win an additional 8 free spins. A win multiplier of x1 is awarded when Free Spins are awarded from a base game spin. The win multiplier will increase by 1 each time a group of winning combinations is awarded. This is defined as one or more winning combination which causes a single cascade. The Win Multiplier will be applied for every win during Free Spins. This will always be applied to a win before the win multiplier has been increased, not after. There is no limit for the win multiplier. Winning additional free spins will not affect the current win multiplier value. In Free Spins, the WILD symbols may appear on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5 and the top row. The wild multiplier and win multipliers are both awarded to winning combinations which use the WILD symbol. If less than 10x total bet is awarded from winning combinations during Free Spins, a Bonus Guarantee of 10x total bet is awarded instead of the lower amount previously won. LEGAL NOTICES In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The expected return for this game is 96.18 %. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved Last modification date: 12/29/2021