Retro Riches RTP: 92.6 - 97.0% VOLATILITY: 11.7 – MEDIUM GAME RULES This game is played using Megapixel Pays evaluation. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Values displayed in the [Game Rules/Help Screens] have not been pre-multiplied, except where stated. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Stopping the spin animation using the spin or stop button will have no effect upon the outcome of the game. The theoretical return to player for the game starts at 92.6% and increases up to 97.0% as additional symbols are unlocked via the Spin-crease Feature. The Spin-crease feature improves the game as Diamond symbols are collected. Each Diamond fully overlapping the grid of dots is collected and awards 10 Spin-crease points times the bet multiplier. The total amount of Spin-crease points accumulated is counted across all sessions played on the current user account. The Spin-crease meter fills as Spin-crease points are accumulated. When the Spin-crease meter fills completely, an additional symbol will be unlocked and may appear on future bets. After the 22nd additional symbol is unlocked the meter will display 100% complete and no additional Diamond symbols will appear. The rate of the Spin-crease progress is automatically adjusted based on the exchange rate of the currency in play. This game is played on a grid of 2400 dots. On each spin, symbols are randomly placed in positions on the screen that may overlap portions of the grid of dots. Any symbol except Diamonds and Stars may appear as a grey, light blue, or purple symbol. After each spin, all dots overlapped by any symbol except Diamonds and Stars will upgrade 2, 3, or 4 levels, to a maximum of level 7. All dots overlapped by grey symbols will upgrade 2 levels. All dots overlapped by light blue symbols will upgrade 3 levels. All dots overlapped by purple symbols will upgrade 4 levels. During the base game, after each spin all dots not overlapped by any symbol except Diamonds and Stars will downgrade 1 level, to a minimum of level 1. Level 1 dots appear as a Dark Blue dot. Level 2 dots appear as a Green dot. Level 3 dots appear as Light Blue dot. Level 4 dots appear as a Purple dot. Level 5 dots appear as a Pink dot. Level 6 dots appear as an Orange dot. Level 7 dots appear as a Yellow dot. After all dots have been upgraded or downgraded, all symbols except Diamonds and Stars that fully overlap the grid of dots will pay out. All dots overlapped by a paying symbol contribute points to the payout according to the level of the dots. Level 3 dots contribute 1 point each. Level 4 dots contribute 3 points each. Level 5 dots contribute 10 points each. Level 6 dots contribute 25 points each. Level 7 dots contribute 100 points each. FREE GAMES During the base game, 3 or more Stars fully overlapping the grid of dots awards the Free Games Bonus. 3 Stars awards 12 free games. 4 Stars awards 16 free games. 5 Stars awards 20 free games. The Free Games Bonus starts with all dots at level 1. During the Free Games Bonus dot levels to not downgrade. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Game Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. After the Free Games Bonus ends all dots return to the levels they were at when the Free Games Bonus was awarded. Last modification date: 6/28/2022