Rambo Introduction: Atlantic Digital's RAMBO™ is under license from Studiocanal S.A.S. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed {{maxWinnings}}. Game Rules: RAMBO™ is a 5X4, video slot featuring a free spins bonus and mystery symbols. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols exist on all reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Bonus symbols, extra spins, Mystery symbols, Coin symbols and Collector symbols. Bonus Symbol Rules: Bonus symbols exist on all reels. Bonus symbols can be revealed by mystery symbols, during the Rambo Reveal feature. Bonus symbols pay anywhere on the reel. Landing 3 Bonus symbols awards 7 Free Spins. Landing 4 Bonus symbols awards 7 Free Spins with 1 guarenteed mystery stack. Landing 5 Bonus symbols awards 7 Free Spins with 2 guarenteed mystery stacks. Mystery Symbol Rules Mystery symbols land in stacks of 4. Mystery symbols nudge down by 1 space each spin. Mystery symbols can reveal paying symbols, Wild symbols or Rambo Reveal symbols. All Symbols revealed by the Mystery Symbols are the same. Mystery Symbols reveal a new symbol with each new spin. Mystery Symbols are tied to the bet value and Ante Bet. Changing the bet value while Mystery Symbols are on the reels will cause the board to be reset. Turning the Ante Bet on or off while Mystery Symbols are on the reels will cause the board to reset. Rambo Reveal Rules: Rambo Reveal Symbols are revealed by Mystery Symbols. During the Rambo Reveal feature, coin symbols, bonus symbols and the collector symbol can land. The value of all landed coin symbols are paid out at the end of the Rambo Reveal feature. Collector symbols collect the values of all coins that landed during that spin. Once a collector symbol has collected the coin values, those spaces respin to land new coins symbols and bonus symbols. Collector symbols only collect values from coin symbols. Coin values can range from 1x to 1000x. Ante Bet Rules: Ante Bet can be toggled on and off in the base game. When the Ante Bet is toggled on, the player pays an extra 50% of their base bet. The Ante Bet gives improved odds of triggering Free Spins. When the Ante Bet is active, wins are paid out based on the players base bet. The RTP when the Ante Bet is active is {{rtp_ante_bet}}%. The Ante Bet may not be available in the game you are playing. Free Spins Rules: Free spins round total bets are the same as the base bet placed before triggering the bonus. During Free Spins Mystery Symbols nudge either up or down to fill the reel. Mystery Symbols are sticky and stay for the remainder of the Free Spins round. During the Free Spins, Mystery Symbols reveal Paying Symbols, Wilds and Rambo Reveal symbols. During the Free Spins, The Rambo Reveal symbols can reveal coins, extra spins symbols and the collector symbol. Bonus Symbols do not exist during the Free Spins. +1, +2 and +3 Symbols replace Bonus symbols during Free Spins. +1, +2 and +3 Symbols are revealed during the Rambo Reveal feature in the Free Spins. Landing a +1 Symbol awards 1 additional Free Spin. Landing a +2 Symbol awards 2 additional Free Spins. Landing a +3 Symbol awards 3 additional Free Spins. There is no cap on the amount of additional Free Spins that can be triggered. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Players have 2 different feature buy options. Paying 100x the players regular bet triggers 7 Free Spins starting with up to 2 stacks of Mystery Symbols and a RTP of {{rtp_bonus_buy}}%. Paying 200x the players regular bet triggers 7 Free Spins with 2 guarenteed stacks of Mystery Symbols and a RTP of {{rtp_super_bonus_buy}}%. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/14/2024