Rise of Anubis Contents: Getting Started How to play How do you win? Auto Play Turbo Mode FREE SPINS Bonus Feature Game Recovery General Information Getting Started: Rise Of Anubis is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a FREE SPINS bonus round. (Back to top) How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the FREE SPINS bonus feature. Set your bet Rise Of Anubis has 20 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 20 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. (Back to top) How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. FREE SPINS Bonus FREE SPINS wins are awarded for 3 or more FREE SPINS bonus symbols landing anywhere in view on the reels. With two FREE SPINS symbols on the reels, a third FREE SPIN symbol may sometimes appear on the reels after they have come to a stop. This will subsequently award the FREE SPINS bonus. Super Wilds Super wild symbols landing on the middle reel will expand vertically to cover the entire reel aperture. Super Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Free Spins symbol. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. (Back to top) Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. (Back to top) Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. This can be turned on and off by opening the options menu and toggling the following button: (Back to top) FREE SPINS Bonus Feature: When the FREE SPINS bonus is triggered you are awarded 10 free spins and an initial bonus win. During the feature, a special Anubis symbol may appear on the middle reel. If this happens, one type of symbol will be transformed into a gold symbol and award one extra Free Spin. Any gold symbols act as wilds and will substitute for all other symbols except for the Anubis symbol. (Back to top) Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. (Back to top) General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the highest paying symbol, unless a higher or equal win is available. RTP is 95%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020