Rosellas Lucky Fortunes 1. Introduction Rosella’s Lucky Fortunes is a 3x5 slot with 20 winlines that has 3 Free Spins features and 5 Mystical Modifiers that are triggered from the base game. 2. How to Play Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 3, 4 or 5 of-a-kind symbols. Line wins pay left to right. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left. All wins shown on different win lines will be shown and paid to the player. The Wild symbol can substitute for ALL other symbols EXCEPT scatter symbols to help create a line win. Using a wild symbol to complete a line does not incur any extra multiplier other than the win for the symbol(s) it substitutes. Only the highest paying win on each line will be counted. Once the player is presented with the slot game, they are prompted to select a lucky symbol which will be the H2, (second highest paying symbol), paying symbol for the remainder of the game. The player at any point can change their lucky symbol for another. Above the reels are 3 display meters which show progressive Free Spins. These 3 Free Spin bonuses that are available via a trigger mechanic are: Free Spins with Multiplier 2) Free Spins with Wild Reels 3) Free Spins with Colossal Wilds 2.1 Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons on the right of the screen. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Altering your bet will change the 3 display meters which show progressive Free Spins. These are saved should you return to your original stake. 2.2 Features During the game, beside the reels, the Gypsy Rosella may alter and modify a spin with one of five base game modifiers. Five of a Kind modifier: During the main game, on random occasions, a modifier can alter the reels and spin in a 5 of a Kind win. Colossal Wilds modifier: During the main game, on random occasions Rosella, during the reel spins, will use her magic and cast a spell on particular symbol positions. These symbol positions will then turn into extra large ‘Wild’ symbols covering more than one reel. Wild Reels modifier: During the main game, on random occasions, Rosella, during the reel spins, will use her magic and cast a spell on particular reel apertures. These whole reels will then become ‘Wild’. Lucky Wilds modifier: During the main game, on random occasions, Rosella, during the reel spins, will use her magic and cast a spell on particular symbol positions. These symbol positions will then turn into ‘Wild’ symbols which, if they create a connecting win, will pay x7 of that win. Big Win modifier: During the main game, on random occasions, a modifier can alter the reels and spin in a guaranteed ‘Big Win’ (x20 of base game stake). During the base game, should a player get 3 scattered bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5, they will trigger one of the Free Spin progressive bonus pots. The pot triggered will be defined by the reel symbol corresponding to that pot. If the player misses one of the 3 bonus trigger symbols on reel 5, they will be randomly awarded one increment to 1 of the 3 Free Spins bonus pots. These Free Spins progressive bonus pots will keep incrementing until they have been triggered by the dedicated symbols landing during a bonus scatter. Once one of the Free Spin progressive bonus pots has been triggered, the player enters the Free Spins bonus with that unique feature on the current stake. Free Spin features: Scattered bonus symbols are NOT present during Free Spins features. All wins will be relative to current total bet and the base game paytable. 'Multipliers' Free Spins feature: The win multiplier starts at 1 and increments after each Free Spin plays. So, for 10 Free Spins, the multiplier on each spin will be x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10. Any win awarded is multiplied by the multiplier for that spin. This process will continue for the amount of Free Spins left with the multiplier incrementing on each and every Free Spin. The Free Spins will count down from the amount of Free Spins incremented during the base game play until there are no more Free Spins available. Once Free Spins is over, the pot will reset to the seeded amount. 'Wild Reels' Free Spins feature: An overlay of a Wild Reel is locked onto one or more the reels during each spin. The reel set spins on those reels not obscured by a column of Wilds. The Free Spins will count down from the amount of Free Spins incremented during the base game play until there are no more Free Spins available. Once Free Spins is over, the pot will reset to the seeded amount. 'Colossal Wild' Free Spins feature: Extra large colossal Wilds Spin with the standard reel set. These can cover 2x2 or 3x3 reel positions. The Free Spins will count down from the amount of Free Spins incremented during the base game play until there are no more Free Spins available. Once Free Spins is over, the pot will reset to the seeded amount. 2.3 Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon above the Stake buttons will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the autoplays adjuster. If autoplay is not approved in the jurisdiction, this button will not be available. Pressing the ‘settings’ button, on the left-hand side, will open the Paytable information. The player can press the arrows left and right to access all the game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the Paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 2.4 Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 3. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 4. General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 94.51%. The maximum payout of one spin in this game is 250,000.00. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 5. Copyright © 2017 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020