Reel'em In Lobster Potty The objective of the game is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE Press the STAKE button to choose your stake. LINES This meter displays the number of lines being played. All lines are always in play. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the SPIN (the button showing an arrow) button to start your game. If the game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play, select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click the same button to cancel Autoplay. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. GAME AWARDS Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All awards shown are per winning line. Only the highest win is paid on each line played. WILD symbol Substitutes for all other symbols. REEL ‘EM IN BONUS The Reel ‘Em In Bonus or Lobster Potty will be awarded when 5 reels turns to sand. During the Reel ‘Em In bonus between 1 and 5 reels will be activated. All active reels spin together, and stop from left to right. The values of the fish are totaled and added to the small meter beneath the reel. One or more fish can appear on an active reel When a boot is revealed on an active reel, the reel will be closed The Bonus will continue until all the active reels have been closed. At which point the total value of all the small meters are awarded. During the Reel ‘em in Bonus, the reels contain Fishes, Blanks and Boot symbols only. FREE SPINS WILD REELS BONUS Wild Reels will turn all of the positions on the reel to Wilds. The reels will spin as normal and any wins achieved will be added to the winnings display. The reel will remain as wild until the end of the Free Spins Bonus or if other Bonuses are awarded. Each bonus awarded can turn one reel into wilds. LOBSTER POTS BONUS The Reel ‘Em In Bonus or Lobster Potty will be awarded when 5 reels turns to sand. The Lobster Pots Bonus has 3 pots: Gold, Silver and Bronze. During the lobster pots bonus the Centre reel only will spin. It will come to rest and highlight a lobster. Pointers -> <- will be shown on the center reel to determine the pot awarded once the reel stops. The POT associated with the highlighted lobster will then be paid. BIG BET Each set of Big Bet spins consists of 5 spins of the reels. Each spin operates using 5 reels with 20 win lines. All wins pay for 3 or more adjacent symbols of the same type from the leftmost reel. Highest win per line only. WILD symbol substitute for all other symbols except BLUE PYRAMID and RED PYRAMID. BIG BET SPINS A Big Bet Game consists of 5 linked spins of the reels. All wins are accumulative and are paid at the end of the last spin. Each spin uses all 20 win lines and wins are paid according to the Big Bet Game awards Table. Increasing the bet offers extra in game bonuses. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Big Bet Game awards reflects current bet configuration. Only the highest win is paid on each line played. More Wilds, More Often Play the Big Bet game with More Wilds, More Often. Wild symbols may appear on reels 3, 4 or 5.During the More Wilds More Often game, the number of these WILD symbols on the reels has been increased. BIG BITE BONUS Play the Big Bet game with the Big Bite Bonus. The Big Bite Bonus may be awarded after completion of each Big Bet reel spin. A shark may appear and convert a symbol to a “WILD X2”. This symbol is Wild and doubles the pay for any wins in which it is involved. MEGA BITE BONUS Play the Big Bet game with the Mega Bite Bonus. The Mega Bite Bonus may be awarded after completion of each Big Bet reel spin. A shark may appear and convert a symbol to a “WILD X2”, “WILD X3”, “WILD X4”, “WILD X5” or “Wild X10”. This symbol is Wild and the respective multiplier is applied to any wins in which it is involved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 98%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020