Rocket Fellas Game Rules Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Toggles fastplay on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. Note: The Rocket Fellas Inc. video slot is referred to as Rocket Fellas Inc., The Game or Game. 1. Rocket Fellas Inc. is a video slot with 5 reels and 30 fixed pay lines. The game features Wilds, Sticky Wilds, transforming symbols, Hot reel feature, and Bonus game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96,1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 4. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 5. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 6. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 7. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out in combinations according to the pay table. 8. The wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except for the Scatter symbol. 9. 3 (or more) Scatter symbols trigger the Bonus game consisting of free spins. In the Bonus game, 2 or more Scatter symbols grant extra free spins. 10. The Rocket symbol only occurs on the left reel. The Rocket symbol always transform into the Wild symbol. When a rocket and a barrel appear on the same row, the barrel (and all other barrels on the same reel) is transformed into the Wild symbol. 11. In the Bonus game, when a rocket and a barrel appear on the same row, the barrel is transformed into the Sticky Wild symbol. 12. In the Bonus game, barrels on the same reel as a Sticky wild, will transform into the Wild symbol. 13. No bets can be altered during a game round. 14. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are discharged. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020