Rainbow Riches Game Introduction Welcome to Rainbow Riches the legendary five reel 20 line slot machine. Add to your winnings with any of the three fantastic bonus rounds! How to play Select your stake If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 20 win lines. Start the game Click the SPIN button to start your game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Road to Riches Bonus Match three, four or five Road to Riches bonus scatter symbols anywhere in view to play the Road to Riches bonus round. Press spin to rotate the wheel and determine the number of steps taken along the Road to Riches. When the wheel lands on collect, you are awarded the highlighted multiplier. Wishing Well Scatter Bonus Match three, four or five bonus symbols anywhere in view to play the Wishing Well bonus. You must choose a single wishing well to reveal the bonus multiplier. Pots of Gold Scatter Bonus Match three bonus symbols anywhere in view on the middle three reels to play the Pots of Gold bonus. The gold, silver and bronze pots will rotate around the leprechaun and stop with the arrow highlighting the winning multiplier. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.00%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020