Respin 7s 1 Introduction Respin 7’s is a 5x3, 5-win line slot featuring a respin and Free Spins. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 5 win lines. Line wins pay left to right and right to left for all symbols for a line win to be awarded, symbols (or their substitute) must appear on adjacent reels starting on the left or right most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination on each played line Wins on different played lines are added. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins. Only the highest kind of a bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol and the Spin and Win symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and free spins bonus. 4 Features 4.1 Respin – Base Game 4 red sevens in any position during base games award 1 respin in addition to any non-red 7 line wins. All wins except red 7 wins are paid on a respin trigger. Any reels containing a red 7 will lock in place and the remaining reel will spin. The player will be awarded any red 7 wins and free spins, if achieved, after the respin is complete. Respin games cannot award respin games different reels are used during respin games Respin games are played using the pays and lines at the trigger bet 4.2 Free spins 5 red sevens in any position award 5 free spins in addition to any line wins. During free spins all red 7 symbols become wild 5 wild red sevens in any position award 5 additional free spins in addition to any line wins. Different reels are used during free spins Free spins are played using the pays and lines at the trigger bet 4.3 Respin – Free Spins 4 Wild Red Sevens in any position during free spins award 1 respin in addition to any line wins. The player will be awarded any win lines. Any reels containing a wild red 7 will lock in place and the remaining reel will spin. The player will be awarded any win lines in view and free spins, if achieved, after the respin is complete. Respin games cannot award respin games. Different reels are used during respin games Respin games are played using the pays and lines at the trigger bet. 4.4 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an inpidual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 94.80% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/18/2023