Relic Hunters and the Book of Faith Relic Hunters™ and the Book of Faith is a 6-reel, 3-row, video slot featuring 2 Wild Symbols, Bastet Spins Bonus, Pyramid Exploration Bonus and Free Spins with an Expanding Bonus Symbol and Walking Wilds. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed). Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both left to right and right to left. Wins for 6 symbols in a line are paid only once. WILD substitutes for any other symbol except SCATTER. WILD is not a winning symbol. SCATTER is a paying symbol. Accumulating symbols There are 6 accumulating symbols that increase the bonus game meters (3 accumulating symbols for each meter). The symbol increasing the Bastet Spins Bonus meter is the cat statue icon with either 1, 3 or 10 gems. The symbol increasing the Pyramid Exploration Bonus meter is the map and compass icon with either 1, 3 or 10 gems. The number of gems determines the number of counters added to a bonus game meter. Each bonus meter can be filled with up to 12 counters. Accumulators draining symbol The mummy icon represents the accumulators draining symbol. The bonus draining symbol comes with either 3 or 10 skull counters. The number of skull counters determines the number of gem counters removed from the bonus game meters. If the accumulators draining symbol lands on reels 1, 2 or 3, it removes the Bastet Spins Bonus meter counters. If the accumulators draining symbol lands on reels 4, 5 or 6, it removes the Pyramid Exploration Bonus meter counters. The accumulators draining symbol does not affect the bonus game meters if they reach 12 counters. Accumulators protection symbol The torch represents the accumulators protection symbol. The accumulators protection symbol comes with 10 counters. The accumulators draining symbols remove the accumulators protection counters first. If there are no accumulators protection counters, the accumulators draining symbols remove the bonus game meter counters. If the accumulators protection symbol lands on reels 1, 2 or 3, it increases the Bastet Spins Bonus meter protection counter. If the accumulators protection symbol lands on reels 4, 5 or 6, it increases the Pyramid Exploration Bonus meter protection counter. The accumulators draining symbol does not affect the bonus game meters if they reach 12 counters. Free Spins with an Expanding Bonus Symbol and Walking Wilds Drawing 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbols activates 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, Scatter Symbols and other special symbols do not occur. Before Free Spins are played, a random Expanding Bonus Symbol is chosen. If the Expanding Bonus Symbol is drawn on at least three reels, it expands on the whole reel and pays at any position on the reels. During Free Spins, the Walking Wilds feature is active. Each time a Wild Symbol appears, it moves either to the left (female adventurer Wild) or right (male adventurer Wild) with every Free Spins. If the male and female adventurer Wilds merge on the reels, 3 additional Free Spins are awarded. The special merged Wild is removed with the next Free Spin. Bastet Spins Bonus After filling the Bastet Spins Bonus meter and drawing the cat statue symbol with 3 gems, Bastet Spins Bonus is awarded. Bastet Spins Bonus activates 5 Free Spins during which 5 randomly-distributed Wild Symbols overlay other symbols. During Free Spins, Scatter Symbols and other special symbols do not occur. Pyramid Exploration Bonus After filling the Pyramid Exploration Bonus meter and drawing the map and compass symbol with 3 gems, Pyramid Exploration Bonus is awarded. Pyramid Exploration Bonus activates a 4-level ‘pick-and-click’ game during which the player can reveal win multipliers, credits or icons advancing to another level. All wins obtained during the bonus are added up and paid out only after finishing the last level. At each bonus level, following prizes are available: 3x credits, 1x total win multiplier and 1x icon advancing to another level. Credit prizes reward the player with their stake multiplied by a given multiplier. Different credit multiplier values are available during each level: x0.5, x1, x1.5 in the 1st level; x1.5, x2, x2.5 in the 2nd level; x2.5, x3, x3.5 in the 3rd level; x3, x3.5, x4 in the 4th level. At each level, the total win multiplier is drawn from the following set: x1, x2, x3 and x4, so a particular multiplier can be drawn more than once. The total win is multiplied by the achieved multiplier only after finishing the last level. When the gate icon is drawn, the player immediately advances to the next level or to the bonus summary, when the symbol is drawn in the final level. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. VOLATILITY SETTINGS Choose your favourite game style Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. BIG SCREEN MODE Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game style. Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days.