Road Trip 66 BASE GAME RULES Only the highest winner is paid per winning combination. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. All wins on multiple ways are added together. Malfunction void all plays and pays. GAS SYMBOL Every time a GAS symbol appears, the GAS counter will increase by 1. Every 4 GAS symbols collected increases the bonus win guarantee. The GAS symbol can appear on any reel. A maximum of 5 GAS symbols can appear at a time. The BONUS and GAS symbol cannot appear simultaneously. BONUS WIN GUARANTEE The value displayed on the bonus win guarantee meter is the minimum total win from the FREE SPINS bonus. The bonus win guarantee value is stored separately for each bet level. The maximum bonus win guarantee is 100x the bet. WILDS WILD Symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except BONUS and GAS symbols. WILD ONLY wins will pay out for 5 of a kind wins. For any wins which contain 3 or 4 of a kind WILDS, all way combinations which ONLY contain WILDS are ignored. The WILD symbol ONLY appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 during Free Spins. FREE SPINS BONUS The Free Spins bonus is triggered when 3 bonus symbols appear in any position on reels 1, 3, and 5. Free Spins can also be triggered when the bonus win guarantee reaches 100x. Free Spins will continue until a single win is greater than or equal to the bonus win guarantee value displayed. During the FREE SPINS bonus, WILD symbols are persistent and will remain for the duration of the bonus. It is not possible to retrigger the Free Spins bonus. GAS symbols cannot appear during Free Spins. After Free Spins has ended, the bonus win guarantee is reset to 10x. BONU$PLAY™ You can choose to play the FREE SPINS bonus by pressing the BONU$PLAY™ button. This function may not be available due to the jurisdiction in which you are located. The cost of the BONU$PLAY™ feature is displayed on screen. Press CONFIRM to begin the game. Upon confirmation, the REV COUNTER will be displayed to determine the BONUS WIN GUARANTEE for the game. Each time the needle goes into the red your bonus win guarantee will be upgraded! The reels will spin to a position containing 3 bonus symbols, and the FREE SPINS bonus will begin. The BONU$PLAY™ Bonus Win Guarantee ranges from 10x-100x. Gas Cans accumulated in the Base Game have no impact on determining the Bonus Win Guarantee of BONU$PLAY™. After the BONU$PLAY™ feature has completed, the base game Bonus Win Guarantee will be displayed. TURBO MODE The Turbo Mode button is displayed on the bottom right of the reels with an 'ON' and 'OFF' option. Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. When Free Spins are awarded Turbo Mode will be unavailable. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. Turbo Mode may not be available in your jurisdiction. LEGAL NOTICE In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 3/13/2025