Respin Circus Key Features Feature Value Lines All ways 64 ways to win Reels 6 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~18.42% Name Respin Circus Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. 1. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. 2. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. 4. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. 5. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. 6. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. 7. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules 1. Respin Circus is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with 64 paylines. 2. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. 8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. 9. Respin Circus is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. 10. A payline of three or more identical symbols triggers the respin feature. All instances of the triggering symbol along a payline are kept sticky during the following respins. The respins continue as long as additional connecting identical symbols or wilds appear. 11. The highest value symbol is kept sticky and triggers the respin feature in case there are multiple paylines of different symbols in the same spin in Normal or in Bonus mode. The other paylines are paid out prior to starting the respins. 12. Paylines of higher value symbols, than the collected symbol, during ongoing respins trigger an upgrade. All collected symbols turn into the higher value symbol from the new payline and a new respin is triggered. 13. Paylines of lower value symbols, than the collected symbol, during ongoing respins are paid out as they appear but those symbols are not kept for the following respins. 14. The collected win is paid out at the end of the respins. 15. The wild rabbit symbol appears on reel 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, and substitutes for any symbol except the free spins symbol. All wilds are sticky during respins. 16. The wild rabbit might pull a multiplier, ranging from x2 to x4, and can expand into a 1x4 wild as it lands. 17. The wild multiplier is applied to all paylines passing through the symbol. In case of multiple rabbit symbols along the same payline the multipliers are added to make up the total applied multiplier. 18. A combination of 3 or more free spins symbols (scatters) anywhere in view during Normal mode triggers Bonus mode. All free spins symbols in view are kept sticky in case of ongoing respins. Additional free spins symbols lock in during the remaining respins. Bonus mode is activated once the respins end. 19. Bonus mode starts with the collected free spins symbols locked in and a respin feature is activated with only free spins symbols on sparse reels. The respins end once no additional free spins symbols land or when the entire screen is filled with 24 free spins symbols. Every free spins symbol awards one free spin. The free spins starts when the respins end. 20. In case of a payline of three or more identical symbols and three or more free spins symbols in the same spin in Normal mode, all instances of the symbol along the payline and the free spins symbols are kept sticky during the following respins. 21. Every free spins symbol during Bonus mode awards an additional free spin. 22. Free spins are paused in case the respin feature is triggered and resumed once the respins have ended. 23. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. 24. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. 25. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Respin Circus is 96.3% 26. The game has a maximum win of 250,000 coins. 27. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020