Richie in Vegas Richie in Vegas is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wheel of Chance, Wilds, Free Spins, Expanding Wilds and Cash Prizes. A fixed 20 lines are played per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select a new value. The spacebar can be pressed to spin, if this has been enabled in settings. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE and the win lines. Wins are calculated by multiplying the prize from the PAYTABLE by bet value / 20 Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. If Wheel of Chance appears, winlines are not checked until after the Wheel of Chance has spun and awarded its prize. Expanding wilds are only available via the Wheel of Chance. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Wheel Of Chance in Normal Play Wheel of Chance symbol can only appear on any position of reel 3. When the Wheel appears it can be spun manually (not in autoplay mode), with the spin button or automatically by enabling the setting on top of the screen when the wheel appears. After the Wheel of Chance spins and awards a prize, the Wheel of Chance symbol turns into a Wild. Wheel of Chance prizes: Empty position (coloured "X"). 160 x Bet Value / 20. 3 Extra Wilds on any of reel 2,3,4. 2 Expanding Wilds, on any of reels 1,2,4,5. 6 Free Spins. First level, Wheel Of Chance in Free Spins (Winners Wheel) Wheel of Chance spins automatically every Free Spin. Wheel of Chance prizes: Empty position (coloured "X"). 80 x Bet Value / 20. 2 to 3 additional Wilds on any of reel 2,3,4. 1 or 2 Expanding Wilds, on any of reel 1,2,3. Extra 3 Free Spins. Wheel upgrade to VIP Wheel + 1 Free Spin. Second level, Wheel Of Chance in Free Spins (VIP Wheel) Wheel of Chance spins automatically every Free Spin Wheel of Chance prizes: Empty position (coloured "X"). 160 x Bet Value / 20. 4 to 6 additional Wilds on any of reel 2,3,4. 2 to 4 Expanding Wilds can appear on any reel. Extra 3 Free Spins. Wheel upgrade to High Roller Wheel + 1 Free Spin. Top level, Wheel Of Chance in Free Spins (High Rollers Wheel) Wheel of Chance spins automatically every Free Spin. Wheel of Chance prizes: Empty position (coloured "X"). 160/320 /1000 x bet value / 20 6 to 8 additional Wilds on any reel positions. 3 to 5 Expanding Wilds can appear on any reel. Extra 3 Free Spins. Wilds When the Wheel of Chance awards additional Wilds or Expanding Wilds, they are placed on the reels once the wheel disappears. Wilds count as whichever symbol will pay the highest on each win line. Wilds do not count as the Wheel of Chance symbol and can not trigger a wheel of chance spin. Wilds do not count towards the Jackpot Richie scatter prize. Free Spins 6 Free Spins are awarded by getting the Free Spins symbol on the Wheel of Chance. During Free Spins Richie symbols turn into Jackpot Richie symbols. 5 Jackpot Richie symbols in any position on the reels award a fixed prize of 40000 x Bet Value / 20.(Wilds do not count towards this scatter prize) Jackpot Richie also pays as normal Richie symbol does from left to right on winlines. (Wilds do count towards these winline payouts) Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.24%. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win a round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Settings Sound effects Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin Enables pressing spacebar to trigger a spin. Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Enables Fast play mode. Display Wheel Prizes Enables Wheel Prize display window. Game History Lists of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. To access Bet settings, click the Bet Value on the Bottom bar of the main game screen. Bet Settings panel Coins / Cash Toggles between coins and cash, it only affects total balance and winnings, bet is always displayed in cash using the current currency. The value of the coin is: Bet value / number of lines. (This Option is not available in some jurisidctions) Max Bet Sets the current bet value to the maximum allowed bet value. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of loss of connection during the wheel of Chance game, the result will be played and paid and will be visible in the game history, If Free Spins are earned it will await the user before continuing the next spin, its only the wheel of chance that will be spun. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Button Descriptions Help Button: Help Button Bet Control: Bet Control Autoplay Button: Autoplay Button Autoplay Start Button: Autoplay Start Button Autoplay Stop Button: Autoplay Stop Button Spin Button: Spin Button Stop Button: Stop Button The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020