Road to Riches Power Mix How to Play BONUS CHOICE The base game consists of four separate 3x5 reel arrays. Upon loading the game, select 1 bonus per reel array from a collection of 5 bonuses. It is possible to select the same bonus for each available reel array. Before the start of any game, press the 'CHANGE BONUS' button to return to the initial bonus selection screen. Active bonuses are displayed next to the reel array, represented by their particular bonus symbol. Bonuses that are not active are not available for that game. Landing 3, 4 or 5 of the same bonus symbol, anywhere in the reel array where they are active, triggers that bonus round. All Bonus rounds will be based on the Total stake divided equally across the 4 Reel Arrays. Therefore, the stake per reel array is Total Stake divided by 4. The Return to player is 96.09% WILD The WILD substitutes for all other symbols except any of the following. The WILD can appear on any of the reels. ROAD TO RICHES BONUS Three or more ROAD TO RICHES landing anywhere on the reels will trigger the ROAD TO RICHES bonus round. Select the spin button to spin the step wheel. The number that lands in the window of the wheel is the number of steps the multiplier highlight moves. The bonus ends when the coin icon lands within the window of the wheel or the final step of the path is reached. The final multiplier times stake per reel array is awarded to the player. Landing 4 ROAD TO RICHES symbols reduces the number of steps to reach the pot of gold. In the event that five ROAD to RICHES symbols land on the reels the player is instantly awarded the max prize of 500x and the bonus round does not play out. POTS OF GOLD BONUS Three or more POTS OF GOLD landing anywhere on the reels will trigger the POTS OF GOLD bonus round. Gold, silver, and bronze pots spin around the screen. They come to a stop and an arrow points to the winning pot. The winning pot multiplies the stake per reel array by the winning multiplier amount. Landing 4 POTS OF GOLD scatters will reveal only Gold and Silver pots. In the event that five POTS OF GOLD symbols land on the reels the player is instantly awarded the max prize of 500x and the bonus round does not play out. FREE SPINS FREE SPIN symbols can only land on reel 1,3 and 5. Landing FREE SPINS on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger FREE SPINS. Land 3 scatters for 10 Free Spins. Land 4 scatters for 20 Free Spins. Land 5 scatters for 30 Free Spins. FREE SPINS are stacked on reel 1. During FREE SPINS the FREE SPINS symbol also acts as a WILD symbol. Landing FREE SPINS on reels 1, 3 and 5 will re-trigger the bonus round. CASH CROP Three or more CASH CROP symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the CASH CROP bonus round. 50 coins are displayed on the screen and spin. The coins can land on either a blank or a multiplier. Once all coins have stopped spinning, the remaining multipliers fade out one at a time and add their prize amount (multiplier times stake per reel array) to the win meter. A large coin with two sides, 'go on' and 'collect', then appears in the middle of the screen. If the coin lands on 'collect', the amount shown in the win meter is awarded to the player and the bonus ends. If the coin lands on 'go on', level 2 is triggered, and another 50 coins are shown with a higher multiplier. Play continues with either a 'collect' or 'go on' at the end of level 2, with a chance to continue on to the 3rd and final level with higher multipliers. After level 3, the bonus ends, and the amount shown in the win meter is awarded to the player. In the event that five CASH CROP symbols land on the reels the player is instantly awarded the max prize of 500x and the bonus round does not play out. MAGIC TOADSTOOL Three or more MAGIC TOADSTOOL landing anywhere on the reels will trigger the MAGIC TOADSTOOL bonus round. The player is awarded 3 picks from a pick field of 24 toadstools. A toadstool can uncover a multiplier or a fairy. The multiplier uses the stake amount per reel to award a cash prize. Cash prizes are cumulative. A fairy will reveal 3 additional mushrooms for additional cash prizes and fairies, as well as a multiplier where that fairy was initially found. The bonus ends when no more picks remain, or no toadstools are left. If there are picks left but no toadstools remain, a final multiplier is awarded that multiplies the amount shown in the win meter. Extra picks are awarded if the player, after their last selection has been made and toadstools still remain, has not reached a minimum win threshold. Magic Toadstool bonus minimum win threshold. 3 Scatters: x8 times stake per reel array. 4 Scatters: x50 times stake per reel array. In the event that five MAGIC TOADSTOOL symbols land on the reels the player is instantly awarded the max prize of 500x and the bonus round does not play out. POWER MIX BONUS The POWER MIX BONUS symbol can only appear on reel 3 on any of the four reel array, and, must entirely cover the reel it lands on from top to bottom. It cannot appear on more than one reel array at once. It cannot appear on more than one reel array at once. All four reels are joined together and presented as one. The base game symbols are not used for this feature. The reels spin to reveal either a multiplier, blank space or one of 4 modifiers. Any multipliers or modifiers which land are locked in place and the game respins. In the event that no multipliers or modifiers land on the reels then the life count is reduced by one. Landing a multiplier or modifier will reset the players life count to 3 (4 with a Road to Riches). Play continues until the live count reaches zero or the reels are full. The final multiplier times stake per reel array is awarded to the player. The feature ends when there are no lives remaining or the grid is full. If the grid is full then a prize of x50,000 stake per reel array is awarded. When a WISHING WELL lands on the reels it will total up all of the current multipliers on the grid and assign the total as a multiplier to this symbol. When a Road to Riches lands on the reels it will increase the numbers of available lives from 3 to 4. It is not possible to get more than one Road to Riches during the bonus. When a FAIRY lands on the reels it will fly out to a random number of cash values and double them. The FAIRY has no cash value. When a LEPRECHAUN lands on the reels it will spin to reveal a multiplier. The multiplier is applied to all adjacent spaces around the LEPRECHAUN. This is represented on the reels as a Hot Zone area and remains for the rest of the bonus. Any symbols, new or old, in these spaces will have the multiplier applied to them.. Once the Hot Zone area has been enabled the multiplier is removed from the LEPRECHAUN symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 11/10/2022