Shamrock Lock Getting Started: Shamrock Lock is a 10 line, 5 reel slot game with a Wonder Spin bonus, Mystery Symbols, a Lock 'n' Roll bonus and Wild substitutions. How to play: In order to play the game, you need to do two things: 1. Set your bet Select the 'Total Bet' button to be able to increase or decrease the size of your bet, or you can play at the default bet size without changing your bet size. All games are always played with 10 win lines, so your stake is paying for all 10 lines to be active. 2. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game and spin the reels. How do you win? All wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Not all symbols award a win for matching 2 symbols - check the paytable for the awards. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel to the right. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Auto Play: There is an Auto Play function in the game that will start each spin automatically for a selected amount of spins, or until certain criteria are met. Using Auto Play Press the AUTO PLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have €50 in your balance, and you choose a €20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below €30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This is selected from the Options button and increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Wilds: Wild symbols appear on reel 3 (the middle reel) only, except during the Wonder Spin feature, and substitute for all symbols. Wonder Spin: Any full stack of wild symbols on reel 3 will award the Wonder Spin bonus. Any wins in view are paid before the Wonder Spin bonus starts. Each Wonder Spin can consist of up to 2 respins. The first respin will have reels 2 and 4 wild. If a win occurs, the feature is over. If no win occurs, the second respin will happen. This respin will have reels 1, 3 and 5 wild. This guarantees a win and ends the feature. Mystery Symbols: Any mystery symbols in view when the reels have stopped will transform in to one of the 6 reel symbols. They cannot transform in to the wild symbol. All the revealed symbols will be identical. Wins will be awarded once the symbols have transformed. Fortune Bet: The Fortune Bet is an extra bet which you may choose to have. The cost is 50% of the current bet. For example, if you are playing at €1 and activate the Fortune Bet, the new bet will be €1.50. Playing with the Fortune Bet activated will enable the Lock 'n' Roll bonus. Lock 'n' Roll: Lock 'n' Roll is only available if playing with the Fortune Bet active. Lock 'n' Roll activates randomly, and can happen on any spin. The first 3 reels will lock together, and the same symbols will be shown across all 3 reels. Reel 4 may then also be locked to the first 3 reels, and sometimes reel 5 may be added as well! Any reels locked together will stop at the same time. Bets & Payouts: Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if no win occurs in the game. Currency Maximum Payout Per Game EUR €250,000.00 Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines are added to determine the total win on a given spin. Wins from the Wonder Spin bonus are added to any wins that occurred in the spin that activated the Wonder Spin bonus. The overall RTP is 95% without the Fortune Bet, and 96.5% with the Fortune Bet active. Due to fluctuating currency conversion rates, the local currency amounts shown to the player during game play may have a minimal affect on the overall game RTP. To obtain a live currency conversion rate from XE you should type the following link into your browser: http://www.xe.com/ Amounts staked, credited, and/or paid out to a player from a game are subject to the operator's own wallet system which may use different currency conversion rates to those referenced above. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020