Sizzling Moon The game has 16 independent reels on a 4x4 grid. Wins are paid for at least 8 identical symbols on any of the reels. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except for Bonus symbols. Only the highest win is paid. Bonus symbol awards prizes ranging from 1x-x10, x12 and x15 player’s bet. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. SPECIAL FEATURES STICKY BONUS SYMBOLS During the base game, Bonus symbols may appear as a Sticky symbol. Sticky Bonus symbols have a countdown with a random value from 1 to 9 which decreases with each spin. When the countdown reaches 0, the symbol becomes a standard Bonus symbol. Hold the Jackpot Bonus Drawing at least 6 Bonus symbols activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. Sticky Bonus symbols are converted to regular Bonus symbols. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stick to the reels. Bonus symbols during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus include: standard Bonus symbol, Mystery symbol, Moon Mystery symbol, MINI, MINOR and MAJOR symbols. MINI, MINOR and MAJOR Jackpot award corresponding Jackpots. Multiple Jackpots of the same type may be won during the Bonus Game. Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, except for the Moon Jackpot symbol. Moon Mystery symbol can transform into any other Bonus symbol, including the Moon Jackpot symbol. When Hold the Jackpot Bonus ends, the prize is paid according to the value of the Bonus symbols on the reels, unless the Moon Jackpot is won. Collecting all 16 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of 1000x player's bet, which is added to the total win! The Moon Jackpot symbol awards the MOON Jackpot of 2500x player's bet! The Moon Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game. Winnings from other Bonus symbols are not added to this prize. Mystery and Moon Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. 3 re-spins are granted at the beginning of the bonus game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of re-spins to 3. The bonus game continues until re-spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility Levels™ as the spin that activated the bonus. Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Hold the Jackpot Bonus can be activated on Extreme Volatility level, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end.In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 6/27/2024