Spartacus Call to Arms BASE GAME WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS symbol. 3 BONUS symbols pay 2x Total Bet. BONUS symbol appears only on reels 1, 3, and 5 in both the Base game and Free Spin Bonus. All pays are adjacent on an active payline. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All scatter pays are already multiplied by the total bet. All scatter pay awards are added to wins. Winning scatter pay combinations pay in any position on any reels. Special Reels Each of the 8 Special Reels will display one of the symbols from the paytable on each spin. These symbols change every spin, but one or more symbols from the paytable will always be displayed, except BONUS. If a WILD lands on these special reels it immediately transfers to a random position on the base game reels. WILD will not transfer onto any BONUS or WILD already appearing in the base game reels. It is possible to have several different symbol matches per spin across special reels. The multipliers are applicable only if matching symbol participates in a payline on the regular reel set. Number of Matching Symbols Multiplier 2 2x 3 3x 4 5x 5 10x 6 25x 7 50x 8 250x FREE SPIN BONUS BONUS appearing scattered on reels 1, 3, and 5 will trigger the Free Spin bonus. The Bet Per Line remains the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spin Bonus Triggering the Free Spin Bonus awards 10 free spins. The number of WILD symbols on the reels will be increased during the Free Spin Bonus. WILD is wild for all symbols except BONUS symbol. Landing BONUS symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 during the bonus round will retrigger the bonus and award 10 free spins, which will be added to the amount of free spins remaining. During the Free Spin Bonus, all multipliers for matching symbols are doubled. Number of Matching Symbols Multiplier 2 4x 3 6x 4 10x 5 20x 6 50x 7 100x 8 500x PAYLINES Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.05%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021