Slot Vegas Introducing the game: Slot Vegas is a made up of four 4-reel video slots which each have 256 ways to win, with 65,536 ways to win during the Rainbow Wild Bonus. The Free Spins are made up of two 4-reel video slots which each have 4,096 ways to win, with 16,777,216 ways to win during the Rainbow Wild Bonus. How to play: Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play: To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin: Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 4 reels of each of the four video slots will spin and then come to a stop, displaying the result. Symbol Multipliers: Each Multiplier starts at x1 and increments by 1 with each 4 of a kind Diamond or Lucky Seven win. Symbol Multipliers multiply respective Diamond and Lucky Seven wins in the Base Game. Symbol Multipliers are reset when Free Spins triggered. Each Multiplier can increment once per video slot, except during the Rainbow Wild bonus. Symbol Wins: All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels per slot. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild: Regular Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Rainbow Wilds and appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Rainbow Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter and appear on reels 2 and 3. Scatter: 4 or more Scatters across all four video slots trigger the Feature and award 6 Free Spins, plus 3 for each additional Scatter beyond the fourth. During Free Spins, 4 or more Scatters across both video slots retrigger the Feature and award an additional 6 Free Spins, plus 3 for each additional Scatter beyond the fourth. Free Spins Feature: Free Spins are made up of two 4-reel video slots which each have 4,096 ways to win. The Free Spin Win Multiplier starts at the combined Symbol Multiplier total. In addition, it increments by 1 with each 4 of a kind Diamond or Lucky Seven win. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings wil be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Rainbow Wild Bonus: Whenever Rainbow wilds appear in two video slots that are next to each other horizontally, those two slots merge into a single 8-reel video slot before any wins are paid. The 8-reel slot has 65,536 ways to win in the base game and 16,777,216 ways to win in the Free Spins. A Regular Wild is added at random to reels 4 and 5 of the 8-reel video slot. In the Base Game, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of a kind Diamond and Luckly Seven wins increment their Symbol Multiplier by 2, 3, 4 or 5, respectively. In the Free Spins, 5, 6, 7 and 8 of a kind Diamond and Luckly Seven wins increment the Free Spin Win Multiplier by 2, 3, 4 or 5, respectively. General Information: The game has an RTP of 96.59% Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 5/13/2021