Stormforged Behold the clash of ice and fire! Stormforged is a 5-reel, 4-row paylines slot with a maximum win of 12,500 times your bet! This game features two thrilling bonus games, one taking place in the fiery realm of Muspelheim and the other in the midst of a raging snowstorm in the icy realm of Midgard. FEATURES PORTALS TO MUSPELHEIM When the Hand of Surtur scatter symbol lands and activates it rips downward to the bottom of the reel and creates a Portal to Muspelheim! Portals act as wild symbols and substitutes for all other paying symbols. The Hand of Surtur symbol only activates if the created Portal would be part of or create at least one winning combination. If the Hand of Surtur rips through a WILD symbol it will reveal a multiplier value that is applied to the whole Portal and affects any winning lines that pass through it. The possible Portal multiplier values are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x,100x, 200x If a winning line is affected by more than one multiplier, the multipliers will first be added together and then applied to the win. If the Hand of Surtur rips through a Treasure Chest symbol it will shatter and award its contents as an extra cash prize! The possible Treasure Chest cash prizes values are: 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 500, 750, 1000, 1500, 2000, 2500 times your bet. If the Hand of Surtur rips through both a WILD and a Treasure Chest at the same time, the multiplier from the WILD will also be applied to the cash prize from the Treasure Chest. BONUS FEATURES SURTUR’S VENGEANCE BONUS FEATURE Get at least 3 Surtur scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus feature! 3 Surtur symbols award 10 free spins. 4 Surtur symbols award 12 free spins. 5 Surtur symbols award 14 free spins. The first WILD symbol that lands on each reel will become sticky until the end of the bonus. If any WILD symbols were present on the reels when the bonus feature was awarded, they will be carried over from the base game into the bonus and become sticky. There can be only one sticky WILD symbol on each reel. If a reel already has a sticky WILD symbol, no additional WILD symbols will appear on that reel. When the Frost Sword scatter symbol activates it will trigger a Portal to Midgard and an icy sword will slice downward to the bottom of the reel, breaking any WILD symbols or Treasure Chests in its path. See the section Portal to Muspelheim above for more details. The Frost Sword symbol only activates if the created Portal would be part of or create at least one winning combination. Landing additional Surtur symbols simultaneously in the bonus feature will award extra free spins: 2 Surtur symbols award 2 extra free spins. 3 Surtur symbols award 4 extra free spins. 4 Surtur symbols award 6 extra free spins. 5 Surtur symbols award 8 extra free spins. WARRIORS OF THE STORM BONUS FEATURE Get at least 3 Viking scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus feature! 3 Viking symbols award 10 free spins. 4 Viking symbols award 12 free spins. 5 Viking symbols award 14 free spins. When the Hammer of Thor scatter symbol lands it will forge the reel it landed on into a Storm Reel that persists until the end of the bonus feature! Storm Reels are full wild reels and substitutes for all other paying symbols. On each spin, all Storm Reels will reveal either a Viking Warrior or be filled with a raging STORM. Three different warriors can appear in each Storm Reel, revealing a multiplier value that is applied to the whole Storm Reel and affects any winning lines that pass through it. If a winning line is affected by more than one multiplier, the multipliers will first be added together and then applied to the win. The Rogue can have the following multiplier values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x The Shieldmaiden can have the following multiplier values: 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x The Berserker can have the following multiplier values: 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x When a Storm Reel is filled with a STORM it will be only wild during the current spin, then move one step to the left at the start of the next free spin. The moving Storm Reel will also push other Storm Reels in its way to the left. The reels will not move if there is no empty space to the left that they can move into. Landing additional Viking symbols simultaneously in the bonus feature will award extra free spins: 2 Viking symbols award 2 extra free spins. 3 Viking symbols award 4 extra free spins. 4 Viking symbols award 6 extra free spins. 5 Viking symbols award 8 extra free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.41%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WILD symbols cannot appear on the top row of the reels. The Hand of Surtur symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. The Frost Sword symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined winning lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.27%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying 2 HANDS OF SURTUR FEATURESPINS™ is 96.35%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying 3 HANDS OF SURTUR FEATURESPINS™ is 96.43%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying SURTUR’S VENGEANCE is 96.24%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying SURTUR’S FURY is 96.29%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying WARRIORS OF THE STORM is 96.34%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between €0.10 and €100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 12,500 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the gam will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 30 days, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 2/18/2025