Santa's World GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 21.5 – EXTREMELY HIGH All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. WILD TRAIN FEATURE When the full Santa’s Sleigh symbol (3 symbols total) appears together with at least 1 Gift on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, the Santa’s Sleigh will move one position at a time to overlap with any Gifts or Empty Snow Globes. All symbols comprising the Santa’s Sleigh will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Santa’s Sleigh reaches and overlaps with a Gift or a Empty Snow Globe, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Gifts and Empty Snow Globes have been collected. Each Gift collected increases the number of positions covered by the Santa’s Sleigh. Additional Santa’s Sleigh body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Santa’s Sleigh symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Gifts collected during the feature. Each Empty Snow Globe collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Santa’s Sleigh during the next respin or free game. After all Gifts and Empty Snow Globes have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Santa’s Sleigh symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Gift or Empty Snow Globes were collected. The Santa’s Sleigh symbols and Empty Snow Globes are wild and substitute for all symbols except each other. The Santa’s Sleigh symbols, and Empty Snow Globes do not substitute for Gift for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Empty Snow Globes do not appear on the reels during the base game Empty Snow Globes appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 during respins. Empty Snow Globes appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 during the Free Games Bonus. The Santa’s Sleigh symbols appear only on reel 5 during the base game. The Santa’s Sleigh symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 5 or more Gifts starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Santa’s Sleigh symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Santa’s Sleigh symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Gift or Empty Snow Globes. All symbols comprising the Santa’s Sleigh will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Santa’s Sleigh reaches and overlaps with a Gift or a Empty Snow Globe, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Gifts and Empty Snow Globes have been collected. Each Gift collected increases the number of positions covered by the Santa’s Sleigh. Additional Santa’s Sleigh body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Santa’s Sleigh symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Gifts collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Empty Snow Globe collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Santa’s Sleigh during the next respin or free game. Each Gift and Empty Snow Globe collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. JACKPOT FEATURE Collecting 12 or more Gifts during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards an amazing 2000 times your total bet at the end of the feature. Last modification date: 12/16/2021