Spartacus Megaways REEL PLAY: Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wins on multiple ways are added together. Payouts reflect the current bet configuration. The game consists of 6 main reels. Reels 1 and 6 can each show between 2 and 10 symbols per spin. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can each show between 2 and 9 symbols per spin. There is an additional ‘bottom reel’ which consists of 4 rows, and spins horizontally. The bottom reel will contribute to winning combinations on the main reel set by acting as an extra row for reels 2-5. When there are one or more winning combinations, the winning symbols will explode, and the new symbols will take their place. Symbols will drop down on the main reels, or fill in from the right-hand side on the bottom reel. Symbols do not transfer between the two reel sets. Wins are calculated before the winning symbols explode. Any new winning combinations will be evaluated once the new symbols fill into the reels. The total amount for the spin is awarded when no more cascades occur. Each reel on the main reel set contains a curtain which covers a portion of the reel. Curtains can cover up to half of their respective reel. The bottom half of the reels always remain uncovered by curtains. In the base game, the curtain configuration on the reels will be randomised during every spin. Any symbols hidden by the curtain are not considered active and cannot form winning combinations or trigger features. For any winning cascade during the base game: As new symbols fall onto the reel set, a randomly selected curtain will rise to reveal one hidden symbol. This will occur for every cascade which occurs during a single spin. The curtain will remain in this position for the remainder of the spin unless raised by further cascades. SPECIAL SYMBOLS: WILD substitutes for all symbols except for AMPHITHEATRE. WILD appears on reels except for reels 1 and 6. AMPHITHEATRE is a scatter symbol and appears all reels. Land 4 AMPHITHEATRE symbols to trigger the Free Spins feature. WILD and AMPHITHEATRE symbols do not appear on the bottom reel. MEGAWAYS: Each spin can have up to 1,000,000 Megaways to win! Symbols can appear in different sizes. At the end of every spin, the number of ways for the spin is displayed above the reel set. FREE SPINS FEATURE: Land 4 or more AMPHITHEATRE symbols to trigger the Free Spins feature. Spin the wheels to be awarded a number of free spins, and the curtain configuration for the feature. FREE SPINS USE THE SAME AWARDS AS THE TRIGGERING GAME. Wheel awards 6,8,10,12,14 or 16 free spins on 4 or more scatters triggered. Curtain configurations are randomly selected to appear on the first wheel. Land 3 or more AMPHITHEATRE symbols during the Free Spins feature to be awarded the same number of free spins awarded at the start of the feature. The curtain configuration remains the same as the configuration awarded at the start of the feature. The Free Spins feature plays automatically. The feature ends when there are no free spins remaining, or the maximum win amount is achieved. Any WILD symbol that lands on an active part of the main reels will expand to fill the entire reel. As a WILD symbol expands, the curtain for that reel will uncover any symbol positions which were previously hidden. The curtain configuration will return to the original position after each free spin. Winning combinations will then be evaluated. LEGAL NOTICES: The expected return for this game is 96.32%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and ©2020 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/29/2021