StacKing Kong Game Rules Playing Press the start button to play the game. Select your bet size from the stake options. The information bar will display your current bet size and current balance. The number of blocks remaining and current win are shown on screen. Turn on turbo mode to play out the game faster (where applicable). Blockchain™ Mechanic Each game starts with 10 blocks. A series of 10 randomly selected blocks fall into the playing area and stack on top of each other. Reaching a level with +2 blocks adds an extra 2 blocks to the total blocks which are then dropped on the top of the tower. Reaching a level with a cash prize awards a win. Only the highest prize reached is awarded. The game ends when no blocks remain or the top level is reached. Extra block purchases When all blocks in the base game have been dropped the player can choose to purchase extra blocks to continue the game. All blocks below the top two rows are blocked out for extra block purchases. 1, 2 or 3 blocks can be purchased with the associated prices of each displayed on the buttons. Extra block purchases are only offered where an improved win is possible and where the potential win is greater than the purchase price. The total staked so far is displayed in the information bar. Return to Player The overall theoretical return to player is {{game_rtp}}% Extra block purchase theoretical return to player is 94.38% Randomization Blocks are selected randomly from a weighted list of predefined shapes. The same weights are used in the base game and extra block purchases. Blocks always drop into the lowest point possible. Additional Information If a player's game is interrupted during play, they may continue the game round after restarting the game within 24 hours after interruption. After that time, any winnings from an interrupted game will be added to the player's account. In the event of a malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/19/2024