Shangri-La Shangri La is a 5 reel slot game with an Added Wilds Feature, Wild Reels Feature, Added Scatter Feature and a Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 15 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. GAME RULES 20 coins plays 15 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by bet SCATTER wins are multiplied by bet SCATTER wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any Girl substitutes for all symbols except scatters One or more Girl substituting in a win doubles the prize Girl appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only Malfunction voids all pays and plays ADDED WILDS FEATURE During any spin there is a chance additional WILDS will be added to the reels WILD REELS FEATURE During the WILD Reels Feature reels 2, 3 and/or 4 can be made WILD ADDED SCATTER FEATURE During any spin there is a chance additional SCATTERS will be added to the reels FEATURE: Feature is won when 3 or more SCATTER appear During the Feature a wheel appears to award either the free games, super free games, chest bonus or the trail bonus SUPER FREE GAMES 12 super free games are won with the super free game feature During the feature a WILD Reels Feature is GUARANTEED to occur on one of the reels Super Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the triggering game Super Free Games can be won again during super free games. FREE GAMES 8 free games are won with the free game feature During the feature there is an increased chance of winning Special WILD features Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the triggering game Free Games can be won again during free games CHEST BONUS During the chest bonus select a chest to be opened Continue opening chests until all the prizes are won or the trap is sprung During the chest bonus you may win up to 15x total bet TRAIL BONUS During the trail bonus a map of prizes is shown Spin the wheel to show how many steps to move Continue until a ‘x’ is spun up During the trail bonus you may win up to 100x total bet How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. Last modification date: 5/16/2018