Star Trek STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Star Trek™ The Next Generation is under license from CBS Studios Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. During the base game, winning payouts are shown in the paytable and are multiplied by the amount of ways in the winning combination. During free spins, winning payouts that are shown in the paytable are multiplied by the amount of ways in the winning combination and the global multiplier. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. Game Rules: Star Trek The Next Generation is a 5x5 ways game with 3125 ways to win. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the remaining symbols fall down. New symbols then fall down onto the reels to fill any empty spaces. A round stops when there are no more wins visible on the reels. Power Meter Rules: The power meter consists of 3 sections. Every cascade causes 1 section of the power meter to fill. A minimum of 3 cascades fills the power meter and triggers the respin bonus. 3 cascades awards 1 respin with +1 respin being awarded for every cascade more than 3. As the power meter is filling, every winning symbol involved in a cascade is saved. Only the 3 highest paying saved symbols exist on the respin bonus reels. If less than 3 symbols are saved, only those symbols will be used in the respin bonus. The power meter must be filled during one paid spin. The power meter resets at the start of each paid spin. Respin Bonus Rules: The respin bonus pays both ways. 5 of a kind wins pay only 1 way. The 3 highest paying saved symbols are added to the respin bonus reels and are also placed inside the power meter. The symbols inside the power meter are for reference purposes only and do not pay. Before the respin bonus reels stop, all symbols on the respin bonus reels and inside the power meter convert to mystery symbols. After the reels stop, players must select 1 mystery symbol inside the power meter. The selected mystery symbol will reveal 1 of the 3 saved symbols inside the power meter and all matching symbols on the respin bonus reels will also reveal. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the remaining symbols fall down. No new symbols fall down onto the reels to fill any empty spaces during the whole of the respin bonus. The player must select a second symbol mystery symbol inside the power meter. The selected mystery symbol will reveal 1 of the remaining 2 saved symbols inside the power meter and all matching symbols on the respin bonus reels will also reveal. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the remaining symbols fall down. The third mystery symbol inside the power meter is revealed and all matching symbols on the respin bonus reels will also reveal. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the remaining symbols fall down. After the third symbol has been revealed and all winning symbols have been removed, if there are no symbols remaining on the respin bonus reels the warp speed wheel feature is triggered. After the third symbol has been revealed and all winning symbols have been removed, if there are symbols remaining on the respin bonus reels the feature is over. If the player wins less than the value of their bet on an individual respin bonus, +1 respin is awarded. These +1 respins continue to be awarded until the player wins equal to or greater than their bet on one individual respin. Respin bonus total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Warp Speed Wheel Feature Rules: There are 3 levels of wheel inside the warp speed wheel feature. If a cash prize is won the warp speed wheel feature ends. The player spins the level 1 wheel and wins either a cash prize ranging from 10x to 25x or receives a level up. If the player receives a level up they spin the level 2 wheel and win either a cash prize ranging from 50x to 200x or receives a level up. If the player receives a level up they spin the level 3 wheel and win a cash prize ranging from 500x to 10,000x. Warp speed wheel feature total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Free Spins Rules: 3x free spins symbols trigger free spins. Free spins symbols exist on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Once triggered, the player can choose 1 of 4 types of free spins. 8 free spins with a 1x starting multiplier and the multiplier increases +1 for every cascade. 3 or more cascades award +3 free spins and if at the end of free spins less than 5x has been won, +3 consolation free spins are awarded 6 free spins with a 2x starting multiplier and the multiplier increases +2 for every cascade. 3 or more cascades award +2 free spins and if at the end of free spins less than 5x has been won, +2 consolation free spins are awarded 4 free spins with a 5x starting multiplier and the multiplier increases +5 for every cascade. 3 or more cascades award +1 free spin and if at the end of free spins less than 5x has been won, +1 consolation free spin is awarded Random: 8, 6 or 4 free spins with a starting multiplier of 1x, 2x or 5x and a multiplier increase of +1, +2 or +5 is chosen at random If the player chooses the random option and is awarded 8 free spins, 3 or more cascades will award + 3 free spins. If at the end of free spins less than 5x has been won, + 3 consolation free spins are awarded. If the player chooses the random option and is awarded 6 free spins, 3 or more cascades will award + 2 free spins. If at the end of free spins less than 5x has been won, + 2 consolation free spins are awarded. If the player chooses the random option and is awarded 4 free spins, 3 or more cascades will award + 1 free spin. If at the end of free spins less than 5x has been won, + 1 consolation free spin is awarded. Wins carried over from the base game are not included in this 5x threshold. 5x refers to 5 times the player bet. Consolation free spins are only awarded once per free spins round. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered or on the maximum multiplier that can be reached. Free spin pays both ways. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Buying free spins will cost 75x your regular bet. The free spins feature buy has a variable rtp depending on which free spins option is chosen; low volatility: 94.41% medium volatility: 94.49% high volatility: 94.48% random: 94.40% Players can buy the respin bonus from the base game. Buying the respin bonus will cost 30x your regular bet. The respin bonus feature buy has a RTP of 94.35%. After buying the respin bonus, 3 symbols will be selected at random to fill the power meter and the player will be randomly awarded between 1 and 5 respins. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.35%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Audio clips from Star Trek: The Next Generation - Courtesy of CBS Studios. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. If a bet has been placed and remains unsettled after 90 days, it will become void and be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/22/2025