SixSixSix ABOUT THE GAME We don’t need to know what you did to end up down here - sweating bullets and dodging devils. Truly, we won’t ask - Balthazar and Beelzebub don’t care. However, since you find yourself in this predicament… Do you want to Deal with the Devil?SixSixSix is a 5-reel, 4-row game with payline wins and a max win of 16,666 times your bet. The max win can be reached in all game modes. FEATURES WICKED WHEELS Activate Blue or Red Wicked Wheels by landing the Blue or Red ‘6’ symbol on the grid. Once the ‘6’ symbol has landed, the Wicked Wheel will appear in the same position. ‘6’ symbols can only land on reels 1, 3 and 5. Only one ‘6’ symbol can land per reel. Only Blue Wicked Wheels appear in the base game. Once activated, the Wicked Wheel will spin and the player will be awarded the contents of the wheel slice that the arrow stops at. If multiple Wicked Wheels are active on the grid at the same time, their values will be collected from left to right. The Blue Wicked Wheel can contain the following values: Max win, Adding multipliers: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, Multiplying multipliers: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, FS trigger: ‘6’ symbol. The Red Wicked Wheel can contain the following values: Max win, Adding multipliers: 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x, Multiplying multipliers: x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20 SPEAK OF THE DEVIL Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing one ‘6’ symbol on a Wicked Wheel in the base game. Throughout this bonus, there is an increased chance of landing Red and Blue Wicked Wheels! ‘6’ symbol cannot appear on Blue Wicked Wheels in this bonus. LET HELL BREAK LOOSE! Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing a ‘6’ symbol on two Wicked Wheels at the same time in the base game. Throughout this bonus, there is an increased chance of landing Red Wicked Wheels! Blue Wicked Wheels do not appear in this bonus. WHAT THE HELL Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing a ‘6’ symbol on three Wicked Wheels at the same time in the base game. Throughout this bonus, a Red Wicked Wheel is guaranteed to land on every spin! Blue Wicked Wheels do not appear in this bonus. DEAL WITH THE DEVIL When SPEAK OF THE DEVIL Bonus or LET HELL BREAK LOOSE! Bonus are triggered, the player will be offered a chance to Deal with the Devil. If the player accepts the offer, a Deal Wheel will appear. The Deal Wheel can contain the following values: 5, 8, 12,16, 20, “6” symbol. If the Deal Wheel lands on 5, 8, 12, 16, 20, that number signifies the new number of free spins awarded to the player. The player may lose or gain free spins compared to the initially awarded amount. If the Deal Wheel lands on the number “6” symbol, the player will be awarded an upgrade to a more valuable bonus mode. The SPEAK OF THE DEVIL Bonus has a chance to be upgraded to LET HELL BREAK LOOSE! Bonus and the LET HELL BREAK LOOSE! Bonus has a chance to be upgraded to WHAT THE HELL Bonus. The player cannot be downgraded to a lower value bonus mode. The player may Deal with the Devil once per bonus level. If the player has been upgraded from SPEAK OF THE DEVIL Bonus to LET HELL BREAK LOOSE! Bonus, they may Deal with the Devil again. A Deal with the Devil is not offered for WHAT THE HELL Bonus. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level.FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between €0.10 and €100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 16,666 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 4/16/2025