Stargate Megaways WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except the EYE OF RA symbol. EYE OF RA SYMBOL The EYE OF RA symbol re-sets Free Spins count and only appear in reel 6 during Free Spins. MEGAWAYS Symbols can appear in different sizes. At the end of every spin, the number of ways for the spin is displayed. When there are one or more winning combinations, the winning symbols will explode, and the new symbols will take their place. Wins are calculated before the winning symbols cascade. Any new winning combinations will be evaluated once the new symbols fill into the reels. The total amount for the spin is awarded when no more cascades occur. TRAIL The Trail has 9 segments. Each winning cascade will increment the trail by +1. Upon reaching segment 5 a random modifier is activated. Upon reaching segment 7 or above the bonus is activated. The trail is only available in base game. Maximum number of cascades in base game is 9. TRAIL 5 MODIFIERS Random Wilds Up to 6 wilds on reels 2 5. Expand Reel(s) to add more symbols Max megaways (117,649). Wild Reel Will turn one reel wild. Only applies to reels 2 to 5. Mystery Symbols Symbols on the matrix will have a stargate overlay over them. The gate overlay will change the symbols to all the same symbol. I.E. 4 x gate will give 4 of the same symbols. Max 10 random symbols. Regenerate Clears board and symbols drop down to same size Megaways. Respin with same number of ways. BONUS GAME Upon reaching segment 7 or above the bonus game is activated. During the Bonus Game the player is awarded 7 picks from a screen with 15 Doors. If a door reveals a matching symbol, the player is awarded a modifier that carries into FREE SPINS. Initial number of Free Spins is determined as per the table below. Segment 7 5 Free Spins Segment 8 6 Free Spins Segment 9 7 Free Spins FREE SPINS are played automatically FREE SPINS cannot be retriggered but can be reset with the EYE OF RA symbol FREE SPINS are played at the triggering bet. FREE SPINS will end when there are no FREE SPINS remaining or if the maximum win is achieved. These are the available modifiers from the Bonus Game There is no guarantee that an awarded modifier will trigger in free spins Additional Free Spins Between 1-25 additional Free Spins. Win Multiplier The combination wins during Free Spins are multiplied by the awarded Win Multiplier. Ways Increase Each subsequent spin will guarantee more ways than the previous spin until the maximum ways is reached. Reincarnate If the Eye of Ra symbol lands then it Re-sets the Free Spin count. Cash Prizes Cash prizes range from x5 x50 during Trail 7 Bonus. Cash prizes range from x5 x100 during Trail 8 and 9 Bonus. Prizes are multiplied by total bet. Wild Gates Additional wilds in top reel. Expanding Wilds Wilds landing expands to cover the entire reel. Only applies to reels 2 to 5. BUY PASS™ The Buy Pass™ feature allows direct access to the “Trail 5 Modifier” or the Bonus Game. The cost of the Buy Pass™ feature is shown below. All features are played at the selected bet level when Buy Pass™ was triggered. No trigger win is awarded when the Bonus Game is triggered via Buy Pass™. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 94.09%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. BUY PASS™ feature has an expected return of between 94.26% and 95.31%. This is the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 2/14/2023