Spirit of the River PAYOUTS This is a DUAL WAYS PAYS™ (Dual Ways Pays) game. Wins pay horizontal (left to right) and vertical (top to bottom). Horizontal wins are determined by 3 or more symbols in consecutive columns starting with the leftmost symbol in any row. Vertical wins are determined by symbols in 3 or more consecutive rows starting at the topmost row. The maximum symbol wins that can be awarded in the base game is 6 (vertical win). Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple dual ways are added together. The maximum symbol wins that can be awarded in Free Spins is 8 (horizontal win). All winning combination win amounts are shown in the in-game paytable. WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols substitute for all other symbols except the SCATTER symbols. WILD symbols can be substituted for multiple symbols and pay out for each win it is involved in. WILD symbols only appear in Free Spins. SCATTER SYMBOL When a SCATTER symbol lands on the symbol grid, a segment is added to the Spirit Tower. After the first segment is added a SPINS counter is displayed above the Spirit Tower. Every 20 spins without completing the Spirit Tower, 2 segments will be removed. If any segments remain, the SPINS counter resets, otherwise the SPINS counter is removed. 4 SCATTER symbols need to be collected across multiple spins to trigger the Free Spins feature. 8 Free Spins will be awarded, if more than 4 SCATTER symbols have been collected they will be added to the Spirit Tower and carried over into Free Spins. Changing the stake will clear the Scatters from the Spirit Tower. On returning to the same stake, the Scatters will be retrieved and re-added to the Spirit Tower and will persist between sessions. FREE SPINS During Free Spins collect 4 SCATTER symbols to be awarded 5 additional Free Spins, the Spirit Tower will be cleared and any additional SCATTER symbols awarded will be added. The Spirit Tower will be cleared at the end of Free Spins. Free Spins are played automatically. Free Spins are played with the same stake, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the feature. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end if the maximum win has been achieved. On each Free Spin one of the spirit modifiers will be randomly selected. The modifiers are as follows: TURTLE - Random Rows on the symbol grid expand to be up to 8 wide. Row expansions persist until the end of Free Spins. Scatters do not appear in the extra columns. FROG – MYSTERY symbols are randomly added to the symbol grid. Each MYSTERY symbol then becomes the same paying symbol. DOLPHIN – WILD symbols are randomly added to the symbol grid. OCTOPUS – Multiplies the spin win by a random value (x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10). LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited.It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The expected return for this game is 96.70%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/19/2022