Sizzling Kingdom Bison Xmas Edition The game has 6 reels, 4 rows and 10 fixed bet lines. A win is awarded for drawing at least 3 symbols of a kind on a payline. All symbols pay from leftmost to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The maximum win amount is 5000x bet. When a Sticky symbol appears, the outcome of remaining non-sticky symbols is entirely random. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus and Scatter symbols. Wild symbols can appear in four sizes, occupying from 1 to 4 positions on a reel. Drawing 2 full-size Wild symbols anywhere on the reels activates the Wild Rampage Bonus Game. Drawing 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards 8, 15, 25, or 100 Free Spins respectively. Drawing at least 6 Bonus symbols of any type in the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. Sticky Cash and Collector symbols stick to the reels for up to 10 spins, increasing the chances of activating the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game. All Sticky symbols are locked in place while other symbols are spun. All Bonus symbols pay only in the Hold the Jackpot Bonus Game or the Free Spins feature. SPECIAL FEATURES HOLD THE JACKPOT™ BONUS GAME The game is played on 30 reels. All Bonus symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. Collector, Mystery and Cash Rain™ symbols can only appear on the top row of reels. Cash, Gallop, Level Up, Countdown Booster and Collect to Infinity™ symbols can only appear on the bottom reels. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Bonus symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x player's bet. When a Collector symbol is drawn, it is assigned a random countdown value from 1 to 10. With each spin, the Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash symbols drawn on the reel below, until its countdown reaches 0. Collector modifier symbols may randomly appear on the bottom reels and affect the Collector symbol drawn on the reel above them. Once the Collector symbol is modified, the Collector modifier symbols change into Cash symbols with a 1x multiplier. Countdown Booster symbols increase the value of the Collector countdown by 3. Collect to Infinity™ symbols change the countdown value of the Collector symbol to infinity, allowing it to be active till the end of the Bonus Game. Cash Rain™ symbols add 4 Cash symbols to the reel below. If a new Cash symbol is added to a reel position already occupied by a Cash symbol, it increases its value. Mystery symbols can transform into Collector, Cash, Cash Rain™, and Level Up symbols. Mystery symbols open one by one at the end of the Bonus Game. When a Gallop symbol is drawn, it is assigned a random multiplier value from 2x to 10x. The Gallop symbol moves towards the first or sixth reel, choosing the longer path, and adds Cash symbols with its multiplier to the reels. If the Gallop symbol moves through a reel position already occupied by a Cash symbol, it multiplies its value. Level Up symbols increase the GRAND Jackpot level by 1 up to level 4. Once the GRAND Jackpot level is increased, the Level Up symbol changes into another Cash symbol with a 1x multiplier. When the Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Bonus symbol values, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Bonus symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 30 Bonus symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of up to 5000x player's bet, depending on the active GRAND Jackpot level. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Bonus symbol values are not added to it. FREE SPINS 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols drawn during the Free Spins feature award additional 5, 8, 15, 25, or 100 Free Spins. Cash and Sticky Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x player's bet. Their values can only be won when collected by the Collector symbol. Sticky Cash symbols stick to the reels for up to 10 spins. Collector symbols can only be drawn on the top row of the reels with the Collect to Infinity™ feature activated. With each spin, the Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Sticky Cash symbols drawn on the reel below to infinity, i.e. till the end of the Free Spins feature. When the Free Spins feature ends, the prize is paid for the sum of bet line wins and Collector symbols’ values. WILD RAMPAGE All Wild symbols stick to the reels during the Bonus Game. 3 Re-Spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new Wild symbol resets the number of Re-Spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until Re-Spins are finished, or all reels are filled with Wild symbols. Level Up symbols increase the GRAND Jackpot level by 1 up to level 4. Once the GRAND Jackpot level is increased, the Level Up symbol changes into another Wild symbol. When the Wild Rampage Bonus Game ends, the prize is paid for the sum of Wild symbol bet line wins, unless the GRAND Jackpot is won. Wild symbols pay only at the end of the Bonus Game. Collecting all 24 Wild symbols of any type awards the GRAND Jackpot of up to 5000x player's bet, depending on the active GRAND Jackpot level. The GRAND Jackpot is the maximum prize in the game and Wild symbol bet line wins are not added to it. Bonus Games are played at the same bet level and Volatility Level™ as the spin that activated the bonus. Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Bonus Games can be activated on Extreme Volatility level, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels™. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.12% Player Return Percentage (% RTP – Percentage Return to Player) is the expected percentage of bets that a particular Game will return to the Player in the long run. It is equal to the total amount of contributions to the total returns. Minimum stake: USD 0.10 Maximum stake: USD 100 MAIN GAME: Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. [S][space] Autoplay Settings (if available) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: [A] Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. At Rampage enter: Stops Autoplay at Rampage enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. [+ / - ][up arrow key / down arrow key] Click and hold the minus or plus buttons to set the bet value to min or max. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. [G] To Credit Claim your win without next spin. [T] Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast (if available) play modes. [F] Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. [I] Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. [F11] Volatility Levels™ Choose your favorite game style [left arrow key / right arrow key] Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than USD 500000. Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. Last modification date: 12/4/2024