Spinning 60's Introduction Spinning 60s is a 30 win line, 5x3 reel slot game featuring stacked symbols and a Free Spins bonus feature! How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the Free Spins bonus. 3 bonus symbols in view on reels 1, 3 & 5 during the base game triggers the Free Spins bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol during the base game and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules Line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a win line. All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. All games are played with 30 win lines. Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Bonus Features Mystery Stacked Symbols At random during a spin, a mystery stack of symbols can land and reveal which symbol will be used to fill all positions of the mystery stack. This guarantees a winning combination using adjacent symbols. The Mystery Stacked Symbol bonus doesn't occur during Free Spins and is only available during the base game. Free Spins Bonus 3 bonus symbols landing in view on reels 1, 3 & 5 triggers the Free Spins bonus. To begin, the player must first make a selection out of three options to determine which symbol is stacked for the duration of Free Spins. Triggering the Free Spins bonus ceases autoplay. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered during Free Spins. Game Recovery Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information The RTP for this game is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020