Starmania Starmania is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 10 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 97.867%. Game Rules Play 10 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except SCATTER All wins begin with left most reel and pay Left to Right on consecutive reels AND begin with rightmost reel and pay Right to Left on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any WILD substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter SCATTER appears on all reels WILD appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only Malfunction voids all pays and plays FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more SCATTER appear During the free games a WILD is added to reels 2, 3 and 4 before each spin 30 extra WILDS will be added to reels 2, 3 and 4 The Free Games feature can be re-triggered Free Games are played with the lines and bet of the trigger game Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. Fast Forward : Skips the manual selection process and displays final result Last modification date: 9/28/2021