Spartacus Gladiator of Rome Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. FEATURE only appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with a symbol from the paytable except FEATURE. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel on each reel set. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Line pays do not continue from one reel set to the next. HOW TO PLAY FEATURE only appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. Any four stacked WILD appearing on the MAIN REEL SET start a symbol transfer, turning the corresponding reel on the COLOSSAL REEL SET into WILD. All pays are evaluated after WILD transfers. Each reel set uses an alternate set of reels. Free Spin Feature 3 or more scattered FEATURE across both reel sets trigger the Free Spin Feature. FEATURE only appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. 5 or more scattered FEATURE symbols award 20 free spins + 20x Total Bet. 4 scattered FEATURE symbols award 12 free spins + 5x Total Bet. 3 scattered FEATURE symbols award 8 free spins + 2x Total Bet. During the free spins, WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. If one or more WILD from a stack appears on a reel of the Main Reel Set, the rest of the stack will nudge into place, making all four reel positions on the reel WILD. The WILD will then transfer over to the COLOSSAL REEL SET, making the corresponding reel WILD. All pays are then evaluated. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that, before the reel spin initiates, are randomly replaced with a symbol from the paytable except FEATURE. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used for each reel set. The bet per line and the active paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During free spins, 3 or more scattered FEATURE across both reel sets adds additional free spins to the amount of free spins remaining Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.94% Last modification date: 12/29/2021