Secrets of the Festival RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 14.4 - HIGH GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. This game is played at 1024 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel, or ending with the rightmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. BASE GAME WILDS are wild and substitutes for all symbols except [BO1]. WILDS appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4.. FREE GAMES BONUS FEATURE During the base game, Wands appearing in any position on 5 consecutive reels starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus awards 6 free games per winning combination. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Single Wands, Double Wands, and Triple Wands appearing in any position on the reels are collected. Each Single Treasure Chest, Double Wands, or Triple Wands collected awards credits equal to a multiple of the total bet. Each Single Treasure Chest collected awards 1x the total bet. After collecting 5 Single Treasure Chest, Single Treasure Chest is transformed into Double Wands on the reels for the remainder of the free spins. Each Double Wands collected awards 2x the total bet. After collecting 10 Double Wands, Double Wands are transformed into Triple Wands on the reels for the remainder of the free spins. Collecting Triple Wands each awards 3x the total bet. The total Collection Win is awarded at the end of the Free Spins Bonus. Single Treasure Chest , Double Wands, and Triple Wands appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Last modification date: 1/5/2022