Super Sun Mayan Heat GAME DESCRIPTION SUPER SUN MAYAN HEAT™, have fun in the sun with hot wins increased by extra wild. There are two ways to trigger the scattered wild feature for any one spin; either randomly or when a special symbol appears. When the wild feature is triggered, a number drawing featuring an expressive sun character awards 4 to 15 wild symbols. The chances of triggering the wild feature are increased during free games. “SUPER SUN MAYAN HEAT™”,has a 3x5 matrix layout, with fixed 40 lines. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. AUTOPLAY AND TURBO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE GAME YOU ARE PLAYING. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet – Shows the bet value of the current setting. Bet per line – Shows the current bet per line. Bet level – Displays the available bet options. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max – Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable) – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency. FREE GAMES FEATURE FREE GAMES can be triggered again during the FREE GAMES. All bets and lines played during the FREE GAMES are the same as the game that triggered the FREE GAMES FEATURE. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum bet of 60 CREDITS, which includes 1 credit bet on each of the 40 lines and an ante bet of 20 credits. This game is intended for all lines play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the number of lines played and bet per line. Free Games wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win, Press the GAMBLE button. Select a Suit, Red/Black or Collect. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct. Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Win may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable): Loss Limit : Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit : Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit : Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop to any win:- Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game. “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP The return to player of the game is 96.19%. Last modification date: 11/11/2025