Santa Linking 1 Introduction Santa LinKing is a 5x3, 20 win line slot featuring the Santa King Bonus and the Santa LinKing Bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Also look out for highlighted reels to trigger the Santa King Bonus. 5 Highlighted reels or “Dings” will trigger the Santa King Bonus. 6 or more coins in view will trigger the Santa LinKing Bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the preferred gamble setting which can be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button.Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 20 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except coins. The wild symbol appears on reels 3, 4, and 5. 4 Lit Reels – ‘Dings’ During the base game between 0 and 5 reels will light yellow with a ‘Ding!’ sound upon landing. Dings occur from left to right consecutively, starting from the leftmost reel. Achieving 5 yellow reels triggers the Santa King feature. 5 Coins The coin symbols is present on all reels. Each coin symbol displays a random value: x1, x2, x3, x5, x10 or x25 of total stake. When 6 or more coins land in view, they trigger the Santa LinKing feature. 6 Santa King Feature Between 1 and 5 Santa King characters will appear over the reels.Santa Kings collect any coins on their reels. Each Santa King will spin his reels awarding cash wins. When a Santa King spins to a losing combination, he disappears. 7 Santa LinKing Feature Normal symbols fade away and only the coins that triggered the feature remain. The normal reels are replaced with special reels containing only coins and blanks. You start with 3 re-spins. Coins are held during the re-spins. A new coin landing will set the re-spins back to 3. Stack 3 coins on a reel to have them collected by a new Santa King. When re-spins reach zero, any remaining coins in view are collected. Each King in view will spin his reels. The King will disappear on a losing spin. If the Santa King feature is activated at the same time, extra coins are added. 8 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings.The right wheel offers the chance to win Santa LinKing coins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Santa LinKing coins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 9 General Information 9.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 9.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.00%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculatedby an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 95.00% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/14/2022