Super Hot Fruits Getting Started: Super Hot Fruits is a 10 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a Hot Spins bonus round with transferring, stacked Wilds. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. All wins of more than 4x stake will award the Hot Spins bonus feature. Set your bet Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 10 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How do you win? All wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Hot Spins Bonus Hot Spins are awarded for winning 4x your stake or greater. After every reel win of 4 x stake or greater, the player will have the option to play the Hot Spins feature. These Hot Spins will be played at 100% RTP. You may collect your winnings, or play the bonus feature with your winnings. All Hot Spins are played from the Winnings meter. The minimum stake in the Hot Spins feature is 4x your current base game stake. The maximum is €400. The stake can be changed by pressing the UP and DOWN arrows next to the Total Bet panel. The Hot Spins meter shows the maximum number of Hot Spins that can be played at the currently selected stake. The minimum Hot Spin value is 4x the original bet that triggered the Hot Spins. If the value in the Winnings meter falls below this value, any money in the winnings meter will be collected and the Hot Spins feature will end. The total number of Hot Spins will be limited to 50, and this will be shown on the Hot Spins Remaining meter. Once the limit is reached, the Hot Spins feature will end, and any money in the winnings meter will be awarded. You may exit the Hot Spins feature at any time by pressing the Collect Button, which will bank any money in the Winnings meter and return to the base game. Wilds Wild symbols only appear in the Hot Spins feature. Wild symbols are stacked and only appear on the middle reel. If a full stack of wild symbols appears in view on any of the first 3 reel sets, the stacked wilds will replicate on to the middle reel of all subsequent reel sets. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if no win occurs in the game. Minimum Stake, Maximum Stake & Maximum Payouts Currency Maximum Payout Per Game EUR €250,000.00 Auto Play: There is an Auto Play function in the game that will start each spin automatically for a selected amount of spins, or until certain criteria are met. Using Auto Play Press the AUTO PLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have €50 in your balance, and you choose a €20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below €30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines are added to determine the total win on a given spin. In Hot Spins, wins from all 4 sets of reels are added to determine the total win. The overall RTP is 94% Due to fluctuating currency conversion rates, the local currency amounts shown to the player during game play may have a minimal affect on the overall game RTP. To obtain a live currency conversion rate from XE you should type the following link into your browser: http://www.xe.com/ Amounts staked, credited, and/or paid out to a player from a game are subject to the operator's own wallet system which may use different currency conversion rates to those referenced above. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020