Superman 2016 Untitled Document Superman is a 5 reel slot game with a Bonus Bet, Superman Free Games Feature, and, Save the World Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 50 fixed lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is: Bonus Bet Inactive: 92.36% Bonus Bet Activated: 96.75% Game Rules Play 50 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to pay line wins Highest win only on each pay line Wins on different pay lines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scatter All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except Scattered LOGO & Bonus LOGO which pays any SUPERMAN substitutes for all symbols except Scattered LOGO & Bonus LOGO The prize is doubled when SUPERMAN substitutes in a winning combination Malfunction voids all pays and plays BONUS BET The Bonus Bet is activated by playing 10 extra coins The Save the World Feature is only available when Bonus Bet is activated SUPERMAN FREE GAMES 10 Superman Free Games are awarded when SUPERMAN appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 During each Free Game, an expanded SUPERMAN will appear at random on any reel During the Free Games, all wins with SUPERMAN substituting are multiplied by up to 5 SUPERMAN Free Games cannot be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to pay line and scatter wins SAVE THE WORLD FEATURE The Save the World Feature is triggered when the Bonus Bet is activated and 3 or more Bonus LOGO appear SUPERMAN must make his way through a meteor shower and destroy missiles to win prizes Once SUPERMAN reaches Earth, choose one of the three lead-lined doors One door leads to a room full of kryptonite, ending the feature One door leads to a room of hostages - SUPERMAN will rescue them to win a prize One door leads to Lex Luthor - SUPERMAN will capture him and win up to 100 times the triggering bet The Save the World Feature can be triggered during the SUPERMAN Free Games GAMBLE FEATURE (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for Bet will automatically select the maximum Bet. The Bonus Bet button allows you place a bet to be eligible for the special feature. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. Last modification date: 3/28/2017