Siren's Kingdom Siren's Kingdom is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring wild reel during regular game, Free Spins, shifting wild reel and expanding sticky wild during the Free Spin game. You play a fixed 30 lines per spin (1 coin per line), the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitutes for all non-special symbols. Free Spin symbols can appear on any position on the reels. Number of awarded FS depends on the number of FS icons displayed on the reels. During regular game, wild symbols appear on the top positions of any reel and expand to cover the entire reel. Special expanding sticky wild symbols and shifting wild reel are activated during the Free Spin game. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust the amount of round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop it at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 4000 per game round. If the payout exceeds this amount for any reason then the payout will be reduced to this amount. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win a round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. WILD REEL SYMBOL during regular game When a Siren icon appears on any top position of any reel, it will expand covering the entire reel. More than 1 wild reel can appear on the reels at the same time. Wild reel completes and substitutes all icons except for Free Spin symbols. Wild will pay as if it were the highest paying symbol on any line. Free Spin Free Spin symbols can appear in any position on the reels. The number of Free Spin being awarded depends on the number of Free Spin symbols appearing on the reels. 3 symbols award 14 Free Spins 4 symbols award 25 Free Spins 5 symbols award 36 Free Spins A Siren Wild symbols might be displayed during the Free Spin game: The Siren symbol appears on any position on reels 1,2,3,4,5 and activates the expanding sticky wild. The sticky wild expand outwards in two different directions on the second spin, after which it will disappear More than 1 sticky wild icon can appear on the reels at the same time. Any active sticky wild will stop in its position if played out during last Free Spin. Wild symbols substitute for all non-special symbols. Wild will pay as if it were the highest paying symbol on any line. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Sound page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Setting page Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Autoplay Page Autoplay. See Advanced Autoplay Options earlier. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Bet settings page Display in coins. Toggles between coins and cash, it only affects total balance and winnings, bet is always displayed in cash using the current currency. Home page. Click the Home button to come back to the lobby. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.18%. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020