Survivor Introducing the game Survivor is a six-reel video slot with reacting wins featuring Big Time Gaming's Megaways™. This Megaways™ slot can produce up to 6 symbols on Reel 1 and up to 7 symbols on other reels each spin. This means every spin can produce up to 100,842 Megaways™ to win! How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Extra Reel The Extra Reel adds a symbol to reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Wilds appear in the Extra Reel only. Reactions All winning symbols except Scatters are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the vertical reels and from the right in the Extra Reel. Symbol Wins Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Urn. Each Wild Multiplier starts at x1 and is increased by Urn symbols. Wilds multiply each other. Wild Multipliers reset at the end of each game unless the Feature is triggered. Urn The Urn symbol can occur in any of the six vertical reels. Urns above the Extra Reel increase the Red Tribe Wild Multiplier. Urns below the Extra Reel increase the Blue Tribe Wild Multiplier. Urns are removed from the screen after the Wild Multipliers have increased. Scatter The Scatter symbol can occur in any of the six vertical reels. 3 Scatters in any position award 15 Free Spins, plus 5 for each additional Scatter. Free Spins Wild Multipliers carry over from the triggering spin into the Free Spins. Wild Multipliers are not reset until the Free Spins have completed. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spins Retrigger During the Free Spins, 3 Scatters in any position award an additional 5 Free Spins, plus 5 for each additional Scatter. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.47% System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020