Serengeti Lions Stellar Jackpots Untitled Document Stellar Jackpots with Serengeti lions is a 5 reel slot game with a Diamond Pick Bonus and Hold N Spin Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 40 lines. Payouts depend on the selected bet value and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 97.01%. Diamond Pick Bonus Win up to 10 Free Games with all prizes multiplied by up to x8 from the Diamond Pick Bonus. Enter the Diamond Pick Bonus by locking in 5 Diamonds. In the Diamond Pick Bonus select two Diamonds. Diamonds contain 5, 8 or 10 Free Games and x3, x5 or x8 multipliers. Once chosen you are offered an option to Swap either or both of the Free Game amounts or the Multiplier. After swapping or accepting existing Free Game and Multiplier options the Free Games begin. Different reel strips are used during Free Games. Free Games are played at the triggered lines and bet. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Hold N Spin Feature Improve your chances of advancing to the Diamond Pick Bonus with the Hold n Spin feature. Any 2, 3 or 4 of a kind Diamond pay locks in 2, 3 or 4 Diamonds respectively. The remaining reels are respun up to 3 times or until another Diamond is locked in. If you improve by locking in another Diamond, the number of Free Spins remaining resets to 3. During Hold n Spin, a Diamond appearing on ANY reel is locked in until 5 Diamonds are locked in, or no respins remain. Only the triggering Diamond win is paid during Hold n Spins. Stellar Jackpot Rules 48 coins plays 40 lines and eligibility for the Stellar Jackpots Bonus awards the Stellar Jackpot Bonus. The Stellar Jackpots Bonus is triggered when three SPACESHIPS appear, and is not dependent on the bet size. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the multiplier bet. Bonus consists of 6 challenge levels and a Jackpot Level. Higher Multiplier Bets increase your chance of reaching a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. For each challenge level choose one of the remaining icons presented. Shoot icons to either reveal a prize and/or advance to the next level, or choose again. Each choice reveals either a prize, an arrow (either of which advances you to the next level) or a cross. If a is revealed, a life is lost and another choice may be made from that level. If all 6 levels are completed successfully, you enter the Jackpot Level. When in the Jackpot level, choose space ships to reveal Mini, Minor or Major. Match 3 of a kind to win that respective Jackpot. The bonus round ends if a total of 3 are revealed, or you receive a Jackpot Prize. Stellar Jackpots Bonus cannot be triggered during Hold N Spin Feature and Free Games. Awards the Major Jackpot Awards the Minor Jackpot Awards the Mini Jackpot How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. Stop: Stop the reels STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for HOME, INFO, PLAY, SOUND Option, BET and AUTOPLAY options BET: Adjusts the BET. The UP/DOWN buttons adjust the BET up or down SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: LINES: Lines cannot be adjusted. This game is fixed for 40 lines. BET: Move the slider Left or right to adjust the BET you want to play AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. If Loss Exceeds: Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin MAlfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 12/29/2021