Slayers GAME INFO - SLAYERS INC ABOUT THE GAME We will look for you, we will find you, and we will slay you. Sharpen your senses and join the dystopian battles of Slayers Inc in this 5-reel, 4-row game with paylines and the DuelReels™ mechanic. The max win of 15,000 times your bet can be reached in all game modes. SLAYER DUELREELS™ A landed VS symbol will expand if it will form part of a win once expanded. Once triggered, it will expand to cover the entire reel and display two slayers with different multipliers. A duel will take place, and the surviving slayer’s multiplier will be applied across the entire reel. At this point the entire reel also turns Wild. If more than one duel is part of the same win the values will first be added and then multiplied with the line wins. The possible multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x. If you land one VS symbol on each reel so that the whole grid is covered, the grid will be treated as entirely Wild. Each reel can land only one VS symbol at once. RISE OF THE SYNDICATE Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the RISE OF THE SYNDICATE bonus feature with 10 free spins! In this bonus feature there is a higher chance of landing a VS symbol! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. WILD SLAYERS Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the WILD SLAYERS bonus feature with 10 free spins! This bonus maintains the mechanics of the base game. On top of that, there is a chance to activate the Slicer mechanic whenever a VS symbol lands. The Slicer mechanic will add a full row of Wild symbols on a randomly selected row on the grid. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins. ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL Land 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL bonus feature with 10 free spins! This bonus feature maintains the mechanics of the WILD SLAYERS bonus. On top of that, the Slayer DuelReels™ mechanic and the Slicer mechanic are guaranteed to activate on every spin! BEST OF BONUS Land the Best of Bonus scatter symbol at the same time as the required amount of FS scatter symbols in the base game to trigger the Best of Bonus versions of the bonus features: Land 3 FS symbols and a Best of Bonus symbol to trigger BEST OF RISE OF THE SYNDICATE; Land 4 FS symbols and a Best of Bonus symbol to trigger BEST OF WILD SLAYERS; Land 5 FS symbols and a Best of Bonus symbol to trigger BEST OF ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL. In the Best of Bonus versions of the bonus features, three rounds of the bonus feature is played out in a row. The resulting win from each round is stored on the scoreboard outside the grid. At the end of the third and final round, the highest value from the scoreboard is awarded to the player. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. The Best of Bonus symbol can only appear in the base game. FS symbols do not appear in the ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL bonus feature. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 15,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (wheredisplay of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/8/2025