Steamrunners ABOUT THE GAME The skies belong to us! Up above the smoke-stacked streets and broken alleys, the Steamrunners own the air. They're fierce, fearless, and wired for rebellion, riding gas-powered gadgets and rogue airships through the floating cities of a fractured world. Their journey takes them through skybound cities to glimmering sky courts. Steamrunners is a 5-reel, 4-row payline game where sky-high wins are within reach. Ignite the gas canisters, unleash the power of Wilds, and climb toward a max win of 10 000 times your bet, available in all game modes! FEATURES WILD GAS CANISTER SYMBOLS When a Green Gas Canister symbol lands, it spreads and transforms itself along with all adjacent low-paying and Wild symbols into Wild symbols. The spread occurs horizontally and vertically, if the transformed symbols will be part of a win. If additional low-paying or Wild symbols are connected to the newly transformed ones, the spread continues, turning those connected symbols into Wilds as well. When a Purple Gas Canister symbol lands, it will spread and transform itself and all low-paying and Wild symbols on the grid into Wild symbols if the transformed symbols will be part of a win. When low-paying symbols are transformed into Wild symbols, there is a chance that a random Multiplier value is added to that new Wild symbol. Wild symbols created by Gas Canisters can have the following Additive Multiplier values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 200x. Wild symbols already on the grid that are affected by Gas Canister symbols will receive a 2x Multiplier value. When a Wild symbol with a Multiplier participates in a winning combination, the value of the win is multiplied by the Wild Multiplier value. If more than one Wild Multiplier is part of the same winning combination, their values are added before being applied to the win. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. Only 1 Gas Canister symbol can land on the grid at a time. BONUS GAME - SKY CITY Activate this bonus with 8 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the base game's mechanics. In addition, all Wild symbols with Multipliers are Sticky and will remain in the same positions throughout the bonus! Wild Multiplier values will double each time they are affected by a spreading Gas Canister symbol. The new Multiplier value will be applied to the wins it's part of on that free spin. The max Multiplier value is 5 000x. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. BONUS GAME - GASLIGHT DISTRICT Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the mechanics of the SKY CITY bonus. In addition, at least one Wild symbol will be present on the grid during the entire bonus! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - COURT OF HIGH STEAM Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the base game's mechanics. In addition, one Gas Canister symbol is guaranteed to land on every free spin! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.22%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between $0.10 and $100.00. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. RTP: 95.22% Last modification date: 3/11/2026