Scarab Fortunes Win & Spin HOW TO PLAY Match 3, 4, 5 or 6 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid win line, starting with the leftmost reel to achieve a win. Prizes displayed on Win & Spin Scarabs are multiples of the players stake and can only be won in the Win & Spin Bonus All games are played with 40 win-lines. Wins can occur across any or all the win-lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reel, starting with the leftmost reel. Malfunction voids all pays and play. WILD SYMBOL The Wild symbol, shown in-game as the enchanting Cleopatra, substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus or the Scarab. It appears on all reels in the base game and in the Free Spin Bonus. BONUS SYMBOL The Bonus symbol is available on all reels in both the base game and in the Free Spin Bonus. Three or more Bonus symbols landing anywhere in view will trigger the Bonus. The choice between Free Spins or Win & Spin Bonus will be presented. Three in any position awards 10 Free Spins or Win & Spin Bonus. Four in any position awards 15 Free Spins or Win & Spin Bonus. Five in any position awards 20 Free Spins or Win & Spin Bonus. Six in any position awards 25 Free Spins or Win & Spin Bonus. SCARAB SYMBOL The Scarab symbol is available on all reels in both the base game and the Win & Spin Bonus. Six or more Scarab symbols in any position will start the Win & Spin Bonus. Scarab symbols have a value presented on them that will be either a multiple of the current stake, mini, minor, or major jackpot. These values are only awarded in the Win & Spin Bonus. FREE SPINS BONUS The Free Spins Bonus s available on all reels during Free Spins. Three or more in any position will award extra Free Spins. WIN & SPIN BONUS The Win & Spin Bonus can be activated by landing six or more Scarab symbols in the base game or when chosen from the Bonus selection screen. Six or more Scarab symbols in any position will start the Win & Spin Bonus.The Scarabs that landed will remain and the rest of the reels symbols will darken. The player is awarded three lives, each spin that a Scarab symbol does no land in a new position will take away one life. When a Scarab symbol lands in a new position, the lives are reset to three. The Bonus continues until the player has no lives remaining or the entire grid is filled with Scarab symbols. If the Bonus ends with at least one position remaining, all Scarab symbol values in view are awarded. During the Bonus, if the grid is filled with Scarab symbols, the Grand jackpot is awarded and all Scarab symbol values in view are awarded. Three Bonus symbols will start the Win & Spin Bonus when chosen by the player. Three Bonus symbols in any position start the Bonus with six Scarab symbols. Four Bonus symbols in any position start the Bonus with seven Scarab symbols. Five Bonus symbols in any position start the Bonus with eight Scarab symbols. Six Bonus symbols in any position start the Bonus with nine Scarab symbols. FORTUNE SPINS During Fortune Spins, the standard reels are replaced with Fortune Spins reels containing only Scarabs or blanks. Landing six or more Scarabs in view will trigger the Win & Spin Bonus. In Standard Fortune Spins, the entry frequency is 1 in 30. In Enhanced Fortune Spins the Scarab values are 2X and the entry frequency is 1 in 60. SPIN CHANCE Spin chance in triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. If the pointer stops on the greet segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. Last modification date: 2/14/2023