Super Hot Mystery Wilds Introduction Super Hot Mystery Wilds is a 10 line, 5x3 slot game featuring Hot Spins and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. WILD appears in the base game and Hot Spins on reels 2, 3, and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols. 4 Features 4.1 Hot Spins Hot Spins are triggered by a win greater than or equal to 4x stake. A single Hot Spin is played across 4 reel sets. A maximum of 100 Hot Spins can be played. Reaching this limit will end Hot Spins and any winnings will be collected. Winnings can be collected at any time outside of a Hot Spins cycle, or used to play additional Hot Spins. If winnings drop below the minimum stake value, winnings will be automatically collected and the Hot Spins feature will end. The Hot Spins stake can be changed using the UP and DOWN arrows. In both the base game and the Hot Spins, a Mystery Symbol can land in view, covering reels 2, 3 and 4. The Mystery Symbol will disappear to reveal Wild symbols in the pattern of a dice outcome, along with other hidden symbols. Wild symbols are available in the base game and the Hot Spins on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. If a Mystery Symbol lands in the reel window in the Hot Spins, the Mystery Symbol will replicate to the corresponding position in all subsequent reel windows. The dice outcome of the first Mystery Symbol to land will be incremented by 1 on each subsequent reel window, up to a maximum dice outcome of 6. 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the main game is 94.01%. The expected payback for the Hot Spins feature is 100%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Copyright © Inspired Entertainment Incorporated 2007-2020 Last modification date: 5/22/2020