Spartacus Legendary Warrior HOW TO PLAY AMPHITHEATRE WILD AMPHITHEATRE is a scatter symbol. WILD is wild for all symbols except for scatter symbols. Game Introduction Spartacus: Legendary Warrior showcases three thrilling Free Spin modes where extra WILD symbols are added to the reels! Land WILD symbols and watch them expand to fill the entire reel! This game has 5 reels with 10 rows. Raise the curtains to unlock the 5 inactive rows by landing WILD symbols and triggering Free Spin modes. There are up to 100 win lines available in this game. Select your bet: To adjust the BET, use the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Press the SPIN button to initiate the game. Expanded Wilds When WILD symbols land in an unlocked section of the reel, they will transform into Expanded Wild symbols, turning the entire reel wild for all symbols except scatter symbols. Free Spins Features There are three Free Spin modes in this game - Recruit, Hero and Legend Free Spins. All Free Spin modes award 12 free spins to begin the feature. Extra WILD symbols are randomly added to the reels every spin in all Free Spin modes. Recruit Free Spins Land 3 AMPHITHEATRE symbols in the top 5 rows in a single spin to be awarded Recruit Free Spins. Hero Free Spins Land 3 AMPHITHEATRE symbols in the bottom 5 rows in a single spin to be awarded Hero Free Spins. In this feature, Expanded Wild symbols may award a line win multiplier of between 2x and 5x. Expanded Wild multipliers are accumulative. Legend Free Spins Land 3 AMPHITHEATRE symbols and a WILD landing on unlocked section of reels in a single spin to be awarded Legend Free Spins. In this feature, Expanded Wild symbols may award a line win multiplier of between 2x and 5x. Expanded Wild multipliers are accumulative. Adjacent Pays active in this feature only Win lines The game contains 50 win lines when only 5 rows are active, and 100 win lines when all 10 rows are active. All line win amounts are shown in the in-game paytable. This can be viewed by pressing the ‘?’ button. Legal Only active win lines can register wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Maximum Win - 250,000.00 RTP - 95.56% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020