Stellar Jackpots with Silver Pride Stellar Silver Pride is a Bet 40, 1024 ways 4x5 Reel slot game with a Free Game bonus and Jackpot bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.2376% with any bet. The Win field displays winnings in credits. 40 Lines and eligibility for the Jackpot Bonus always played for 48 credits. Spacebar can be used to spin. Select “Credit Value” (Bet Multiplier) x48 bet for ways stake. Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Free Game wins are added to wins displayed in the WIN meter. Game Rules All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. Win 8, 15 or 20 Free Games with a 3, 4 or 5 DIAMOND symbol win respectively. During Free Games, each WILD TREE that appears on reels 2, 3 or 4 will MULTIPLY any prize it is substituting in by either x2 or x3 up to total maximum of x27. 5 Additional Free Games are awarded if Any 2 scattered DIAMOND Symbols occur during any Free Game. Free Games can be retriggered. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Different reel strips are used in Free Games. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except scatter which pays any. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1024 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. STELLAR JACKPOTS RULES 48 coins plays 1024 ways and eligibility for the Stellar Jackpots Bonus. [Spacehip] [Spacehip] [Spacehip] awards the Stellar Jackpot Bonus. The Stellar Jackpots Bonus is triggered when three SPACESHIPS appear, and is not dependent on the bet size. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Bonus consists of 6 challenge levels and a Jackpot Level. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of reaching a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. For each challenge level choose one of the remaining icons presented. Shoot icons to either reveal a prize and/or advance to the next level, or choose again. Each choice reveals either a prize, a {Arrow} (either of which advances you to the next level) or a {x}. If {x} is revealed, a life is lost and another choice may be made from that level. If all 6 levels are completed successfully, you enter the Jackpot Level. When in the Jackpot Level, choose space ships to reveal Mini, Minor or Major. Match 3 of a kind to win that respective Jackpot. The bonus round ends if a total of 3 {x} are revealed, or you receive a Jackpot Prize. Stellar Jackpots Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Games. {Major}{Major}{Major} Awards the Major Jackpot. {Minor}{Minor}{Minor} Awards the Minor Jackpot. {Mini}{Mini}{Mini} Awards the Mini Jackpot. How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: BET : The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons. The Max Bet button (coin icon) will automatically select the maximum bet. SPIN : Spins the reels. AUTOPLAY : This allow player to set the autoplay settings. AUTOPLAY : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. STOP : Stop allow players to stop the reel spin immediately to see final results. STOP AUTOPLAY : Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. CONTINUE : During free games, this button when appears allow players to skip to the next free game. HOME : Accesses Casino menu. SETTINGS : Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options. SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: WAYS : This game is fixed for 1024 ways. BET : Adjusts the BET per LINE. Use the slider to adjust the BET up or down. AUTOPLAY : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available of autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95 and 100. INFO : Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. Mute : Mutes all in-game sound effects. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the default credits of 48. Last modification date: 12/29/2021