Space Invaders 1 Introduction Space Invaders is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. It features six different bonus games, and several reel modifiers which can be awarded from the UFO and Cannon. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line, or a bonus feature. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the win lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same win line, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus feature wins are awarded for 3, 4 or 5 BONUS coin symbols appearing anywhere in view. There are six bonus games available to the player. The UFO and/or Cannon may appear and award a reel modifier. Sometimes the Cannon will miss and no reel modifier is awarded. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Multiplier awards are multiplied by the current stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Bonus Feature When the Bonus is triggered you are presented with a feature wheel. The player must spin the wheel, by pressing the ‘FIRE’ button, to select a feature. Note: The outcome of this wheel is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. The bonus games available on the wheel depend on the amount of BONUS symbols that initially landed on the reels. Three BONUS symbols anywhere in view will display all bonuses on the wheel. Four BONUS symbols anywhere in view eliminates the Shoot Out bonus. Five Bonus symbols anywhere in view eliminates both the Shoot Out and UFO Climber bonuses. Removing lower features when a higher number of bonus symbols appear on the reels, increases the chances of a better bonus. A gamble may be offered to try and step up the feature ladder. The chances of winning this gamble are reflected by the odds displayed by the gamble wheel. Losing the gamble awards a mystery win. 4.1 Shoot Out Feature Press the ‘FIRE’ button to shoot at Invaders and UFO’s. This continues until three of the same type of Invader or all of the UFO’s have been destroyed. This awards the multiplier shown above the Invaders, or the Space Invaders Bonus if all UFO’s are destroyed. Each destroyed UFO also increases the size of all multipliers above the Invaders. Multiplier awards are applied to the current stake. 4.2 UFO Climber Feature Choose a UFO to destroy to try and climb an increasing trail of multipliers. The UFO’s can reveal a number of moves to advance up the trail, or stop. The outcome from the feature is determined by the level reached, getting to the end awards the Space Invaders bonus. Multiplier awards are applied to the current stake. 4.3 Wild Cannon Free Spins Initially 8 free spins are awarded. The cannon may appear and shoot at the reels, adding sticky wild symbols which persist for the remainder of the spins. 4.4 Monster Wild Free Spins Initially 8 free spins are awarded. Any wild symbols which land in view will expand to cover the full height of the reel. 4.5 Mega Reel Free Spins Initially 8 free spins are awarded. A roaming mega-sized reel, which covers 3 of the standard sized reels, will choose to stop and cover either the left, middle or right side of the reel window each spin. 4.6 Space Invaders Invaders and UFO’s are shot to accumulate prizes. The cannon must try and avoid the Invaders shooting back. Bonus continues until all Invaders or Cannons are destroyed. Completion award based upon how many cannons remain. 4.7 Pick a Coin This may be offered at the end of the bonus. Pick a coin to reveal one of 3 outcomes: GAME OVER: Bonus terminates, with any accumulated bonus prize awarded. CONTINUE: Bonus continues from its current state, awarding extra spins for a free spins bonus. SPACE INVADERS: Awards the Space Invaders bonus, this is added to any previous bonus winnings. 5 Reel Modifiers 5.1 UFO + Cannon During a base game reel spin the UFO may appear any fly over the reels, with the Cannon also appearing and attempting to shoot it. If hit the UFO will award one of the following reel modifiers: WILD CANNON: As the reels continue to spin the Cannon appears and shoots at the centre 3 reels, adding wild positions, the reels then land behind them. MONSTER WILDS: Any wilds which subsequently land expand to cover the full height of the reel. MEGA REEL: As the reels continue to spin a roaming mega-sized reel appears, which can choose to cover the left, middle or right side of the reel window. The remaining reels then land around this. 5 OF A KIND: Guarantees at least one 5 of a kind reel win spinning in. BONUS BOOST: Extra bonus symbols are added to the reels for this spin. Sometimes the UFO will fly over without getting shot, with no modifier being awarded. 5.2 UFO Only Following a losing spin the UFO may appear and fly over the reels, it can shine a beam onto symbols and grow them to super and mega sized symbols. 5.3 Cannon Only Following a losing spin the Cannon may appear and slide under the reels, it can shoot out Invader symbols on the reels which will then cascade to a winning position. 5.4 Lock n Spin Invasion At the end of a spin all symbols of the same type may lock in place. The reels then continue to spin behind these symbols until no new symbols spin in, with any new symbols also becoming locked. 6 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 7 General Information 7.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 7.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/23/2022