Super Star Turns How to play Select your stake If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake. Spin the reels Click the SPIN button to start your game. Info All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the total stake. These can be viewed by pressing the INFO button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. Winlines The default win line selection is 5 lines which is fixed for every game. Base Game Awards The awards can be viewed in the game using the Info button. Any wins will be automatically credited to your account. SUPER STARTURNS BONUS The wheel upgrade segment can only be awarded on the Green and Blue Wheels. If won on the Green Wheel, 1 spin of the Blue Wheel will be awarded. If won on the Blue Wheel, 1 spin of the Red Wheel will be awarded. The Blue Wheel contains progressively better rewards than the Green Wheel. The Red Wheel contains progressively better rewards than the Blue Wheel. Cash prizes are displayed on the wheels as a total bet multiplier. The Green Wheel does not award cash prizes. The jackpot prize of 500x total bet can be awarded from the Red Wheel. Big Bet: For these games, cash prizes are multiplied by €1.00 rather than the total bet. FREE SPINS BONUS Free Spins Bonus can be won from any one of the three bonus wheels. The number of free spins awarded is determined by the number shown on the winning segment. Free spins use the same awards and win lines as base game or current big bet. Lower value symbols are removed for the Free Spins Bonus. The following symbols are not on the reels: Additional free spins can be awarded by landing SCATTER on reel 5. One SCATTER awards 1 extra free spin. Two SCATTER awards 2 extra free spins. Three SCATTER awards 3 extra free spins. SCATTER only appears on reel 5. The free spins are played automatically. The Free Spins Bonus ends when no free spins remain or the maximum prize has been reached. BIG BET All Big Bet games consist of 5 spins and offer enhanced game play. €20.00 Big Bet All SCATTER are double height symbols for better bonus frequency. €30.00 Big Bet Includes the awards of the €20.00 bet plus: Increased awards for SUPER STARTURNS Wheel Bonus. €50.00 Big Bet Includes the awards of the €30.00 bet plus: Further increased awards for SUPER STARTURNS Wheel Bonus. Select a Big Bet and press one of the bet options to begin or press the cancel button to return to the main game. Each Big Bet game consists of 5 spins of the reels. Each spin uses 5 reels with 40 win lines and wins are paid according to the awards table. Highest win only paid per active win line. All wins are accumulative during the Big Bet game and are paid at the end of the last spin. It is possible to trigger free spins during every Big Bet game. DISCLAIMER At < €2.00 the expected return for this game is 94.00% At ≥ €2.00 the expected return for this game is 96.00% The expected return for the BIG BET game is 98.00% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays, Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and ©2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020