Stunt Stars Stunt Stars is a Bet 30, 243-Ways 3x5 Reel slot game with Free Games. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. Game Rules Rules Play bet 30 for 243 ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier except Scatter Skydive which are multiplied by the total bet. Wild Car is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Skydive and Scatter Stunt Double. Wild appears on reels 2, 3 & 4 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatter Skydive and Scatter Stunt Double which pays any. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Wild Car Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Skydive and Scatter Stunt Double. Appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter Stunt Double Any 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Stunt pays 30. Ways wins and Scatter wins are added to form the initial win. The initial win is added to the total win. Subsequently, double the initial win is added to the total win for each . Skydive Bonus 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Skydive triggers the Skydive Bonus. Pick a Skydiver and compete to collect the most modifiers to the free games. Collect Stars and Free Game modifiers +1 Free Game for each Heart collected. 5 Scatter Stunt Double added for each Star collected. Collect up to 15 Hearts and 15 Stars. Parachute starts Free Games. Free Games 5 Scatter Stunt Double symbols are added to the reels for each Star Collected during the Skydive Bonus. Free Games can be retriggered. Additional Skydive Bonus is queued and played at the completion of Free Games. All collected modifiers reset upon start of Skydive Bonus. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 6/13/2023