Something Fruity 1 Introduction: Something Fruity is a 9 line, 5x3 slot game featuring Free Spins that can be won from 3 or more bonus scatters anywhere in view or by winning 3 of a kind line wins with plums, oranges, lemons or cherries. 2 How to Play: Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay: Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode: Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules: All games are played with 9 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Wins on different played lines are added. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All line wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for the scatter symbol. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and in the Free Spins. The Bonus Scatter symbol looks like a gold star and appears on all reels in both the base game and the Free Spins. 4 Bonus: 4.1 Bonus Entry: Free spins (FS) are triggered by winning symbol combinations as shown on the base game award card or through landing 3 or more bonus scatters: 3x scatter symbols awards 5 free spins 4x scatter symbols awards 10 free spins 5x scatter symbols awards 25 free spins 4.2 Free Spins: During free spins the award card changes to the free spins award card. Free spins prizes are determined by the trigger bet. During free spins any wild in view will expand to fill the reel. During free spins extra free spins (FS) can be awarded by winning symbol combinations as shown on the bonus game award card or through landing 3 or more bonus scatters: 3x scatter symbols awards 5 extra spins 4x scatter symbols awards 10 extra spins 5x scatter symbols awards 25 extra spins 4.3 Spin Chance: Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information: 5.1 Game Recovery: In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information: The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.68%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/20/2020