Super Cash Drop Deluxe Gigablox Welcome to SUPER CASH DROP DELUXE GIGABLOX™, with SUPER STRETCH WILDS, SUPER REEL EXPAND and SUPER FREE SPINS! HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to place your bet and start the game. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. GIGABLOX™ The game features GIGABLOX reels where on each spin between 2 and 6 reels can merge to form a colossal GIGABLOX reel. GIGABLOX are oversized symbols that function like individual symbols in a 2x2 to 6x6 formation. Any symbol including Wild and Bonus symbol can land as GIGABLOX. SUPER REEL EXPAND The game starts as a 6x4 array, but on each spin there is a chance for it to change to another size. The maximum array size is 6x6. Each array size includes additional win lines. 6x4 has 40 lines, 6x5 has 50 lines and 6x6 has 60 lines. Reel size changes are weighted so that they have an increased chance to remain expanded on subsequent spins at the same stake. The game remembers what size it is from session to session. Each bet has its own storage. SUPER STRETCH WILDS If one or more wild symbol lands, all symbols on the reel are replaced by a wild. If more than 1 wild is landed, wins through the reel will be subject to a win multiplier. The multiplier on a reel’s wilds are equal to the number of wild symbols that landed on that reel when the reels stopped. A Gigablox wild is counted as 1 wild for the purposes of the multiplier, which is calculated based on the number of vertical positions covered. Multipliers combined additively when they are applied to winning combinations that include those wilds. LOCKED SUPER STRETCH WILDS There is a chance on every spin that wilds are LOCKED WILDS. If one or more locked wilds land, the SUPER STRETCH WILDS feature is triggered and plays out as described above. In addition, the wild reels then lock, including any multiplier, and the remaining reels receive a free respin. If one or more new locked wild symbols land during a respin, the SUPER STRETCH WILD feature is triggered as described, wins are paid, and another free respin is awarded. SUPER FREE SPINS Landing 5 or more BONUS scatter symbols triggers Free Spins. One Free Spin will be awarded for each symbol landed. BONUS scatter symbols that are Gigablox will be split into singles for the purposes of the count. Free Spins can be won on the same spin as LOCKED wilds are landed. This can only happen on the initial spin that triggers the feature. Your bonus will start when the LOCKED SUPER STRETCH WILDS feature has completed. Buy Into Free Spins Players can pay x75 to buy a free spins winning spin. Between 5 and 36 spins can be awarded. The buy Bonus RTP is: 94.01% DURING FREE SPINS All spins will be played on the maximum reel size of 6x6 and 60 win lines. All low symbols are removed from the reels. Wild symbols are always Locked Wilds. Respins due to wilds are awarded in addition to Free Spins. Wild symbols have a higher chance of occurring during Free Spins. Additional Free Spins may be triggered during Free Spins by landing 1 or more BONUS scatter symbols, one spin is awarded for each BONUS symbol landed. BONUS Gigablox are split for the purpose of the count. Free Spins are played with the same total stake value as the triggering spin. RETURN TO PLAYER The RTP cannot be affected by player strategy. The overall theoretical RTP is 94.01%. The theoretical RTP with BUY BONUS on is 94.01% MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. ADDITIONAL INFO Malfunction voids all pays and plays PAY LINES There are 40 to 60 pay lines, all of which must be played. Last modification date: 10/15/2025