Spin Doctor INTRODUCTION Spin Doctor is a 20 win line, 5x4 reel slot game featuring four bonus features, Fortune Bet and reel bonuses that deliver big wins, 5 of a kind winning combinations nd/or bonus chances! HOW TO PLAY Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or bonus. Collect 3 bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5 during the base game to trigger the bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. GAME RULES Line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a win line. All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. All games are played with 20 win lines. Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. BONUS FEATURES Win/Win At random during a spin, Papa Croc can appear to announce the Win/Win bonus. Select one of the three tarot cards to reveal which win will be awarded when the reels stop. The available wins are as follows: One or more 5 of a kind winning combinations. A Big Win The Win/Win Bonus isn't available during bonus games and can only be triggered during the base game. Bonus Chance At random during a spin, Papa Croc appears to announce a Bonus Chance. The Bonus Chance guarantees at least 2 bonus symbols land on reels 1 & 3. The Bonus chance isn't available during bonus games and can only be triggered during the base game. Bonus Entry Feature The Bonus Entry is triggered via 3 bonus symbols landing in view on reels 1, 3 & 5. Selecting a bubble will burst it, revealing a colour that corresponds to a bonus. The first coloured set to complete determines which of the following bonus games is awarded: Green X3 = Croc-trails. Red X3 = Super Swamp Spins. Purple X3 = Freek Spins. Yellow X3 = Golden Croc-trails. Triggering the Bonus Entry automatically ceases autoplay. Croc-trails During Croc-trails, the player must roll the die to navigate the trail collecting as many winnings as possible before entering a Croc-tail bar. Each position on the trail contains either winnings or access to the Croc-tail bar that begins the 'Pick a Croc-tail' phase of the bonus. During the 'Pick a Croc-tail' phase, the player must select one of the three Croc-tail drinks to reveal an award. After each drink, a new round will begin and an additional drink can be selected. The bonus continues until 'Too Many Croc-tails' is selected, returning the player to the base game. The following can be awarded from selecting a Croc-tail: A Win Value | A multiple of the player's current stake. A Win Value | The winnings amount collected on the trail before entering the Croc-tail bar. 'Too many Croc-tails' | Collects and awards all current winnings, ending the bonus. Golden Croc-trails The Golden Croc-trails bonus functions the same as the standard Croc-trails bonus, as described above, however the golden variant has enhanced awards. Freek Spins Freek Spins awards a set number of Free Spins that, when a voodoo doll symbol lands in view, removes the current lowest paying symbol from the reels for the duration of the bonus. The voodoo doll symbol also awards an additional Free Spin. A maximum of 5 symbols can be removed per Freek Spins bonus, any additional voodoo doll symbols landing in view will award only Free Spins. Super Swamp Spins Super Swamp Spins awards an 'unlimited' amount of Free Spins that continue until a win greater than or equal to 20x the player’s stake is awarded on a single spin. During every spin, reel 3 is WILD. After the second spin, reel 3 is a multiplying WILD in all positions and the multiplier increases by 1 for every subsequent spin. GAME RECOVERY Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information The RTP for this game is 95%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/25/2021