Super Fruits Joker 1 Introduction Super Fruits Joker is a 1024 ways, 5 reel slot game featuring 5 of a kind wins, big wins and a Free Spins bonus feature with multipliers! 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the Free Spins bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 1024 ways to win. Wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a way to win. All wins, except BONUS, pay left to right across adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. BONUS symbols pay per amount in view on the reels, regardless of symbol position. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. WILD symbols are only available on reels 2, 3 & 4. 3.1 Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Bonus Features 4.1 Free Spins Bonus 3 or more bonus symbols landing in view on the reels triggers the Free Spins bonus with multiplying WILDS. During Free Spins the WILD symbol awards a x2 win multiplier when landing anywhere in view. All WILD multipliers landing in view are multiplied together, for example three WILD symbols awards an 8x win multiplier. 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols in view during the base game awards Free Spins. 2, 3, 4 or 5 BONUS symbols in view during Free Spins awards additional Free Spins. The number of Bonus symbols in view determines the amount of Free Spins awarded, as follows: - 2 Bonus symbols awards 5 Free Spins (only during Free Spins). - 3 Bonus symbols awards 8 Free Spins and 2x stake. - 4 Bonus symbols awards 15 Free Spins and 10x stake. - 5 Bonus symbols awards 20 Free Spins and 20x stake. 4.2 [Boost Spins] Any winnings equal to or greater than the current bet activates [Boost Spins] and stores the winnings in the TOTAL WIN meter. The cost of subsequent [Boost Spins] is deducted from the TOTAL WIN meter rather than the CREDIT meter. Selecting the COLLECT button transfers the TOTAL WIN into the CREDIT meter, ending [Boost Spins]. The bet can be changed prior to starting each [Top Spin] however the bet cannot exceed the balance of the TOTAL WIN meter whilst [Boost Spins] are active. The winnings are automatically collected if the TOTAL WIN value is less than the base game bet at the end of a [Top Spin], or if the maximum of 50 consecutive [Boost Spins] have been played. Bonus symbols are double-height during [Boost Spins]. Bonus symbols are not double-height during Free Spins, regardless of them being awarded via [Boost Spins]. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the main game is 96.5%. The expected payback for the Boost Spins game is 100% Malfunction voids all pays and plays.