Sizzling Eggs Grand Gold Edition The game features 5 fixed bet lines. The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and an additional top row with Collector symbols. Wins are awarded for drawing at least 3 symbols of a kind on an active bet line, from leftmost to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scatters and Special symbols. Wins from different lines are added together. Special symbols may randomly appear during the base game. These symbols may have additional features, which are active during the base game, e.g. collect prizes from other symbols or stick to the reels for up to 10 spins. However, all Special symbols pay only in the Free Spins feature. The maximum win amount is 3000x bet. If the total win in a Free Spins round reaches 3000x, the round is immediately ended, the win is awarded and all remaining Free Spins are forfeited. SPECIAL FEATURES FREE SPINS Drawing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards 10, 20 or 30 Free Spins respectively. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols drawn during the Free Spins feature award additional 10, 20 or 30 Free Spins. Collector symbols that are on the reels when the Free Spins feature is activated remain there with their current countdown and accumulated wins. Collector modifier symbols may randomly appear on the reels and affect the Collector symbol drawn on the reel above them. Multiplier symbols multiply the total value of prizes collected by the Collector symbol by 2x-10x. Countdown Booster symbols increase the value of the Collector countdown by 4. Collector symbols can only be drawn on the top row of the reels. When a Collector symbol is drawn, it is assigned a random countdown value from 1 to 10. Collect to Infinity™ symbols change the countdown value of the Collector symbol to infinity, allowing it to accumulate all values from Cash and Jackpot symbols drawn on the reels below till the end of the Free Spins feature. During the Free Spins feature when the Collector symbols’ countdown reaches 0, the symbol stays on the reels as inactive. Inactive Collector symbols do not accumulate wins from Cash or Multiplier symbols. Inactive symbols can be reactivated with Countdown Booster and Collect to Infinity™ symbols. When the Free Spins feature ends, the prize is paid for the sum of bet line wins and Collector symbols’ values and all Collector symbols are removed from the reels. With each spin, the Collector symbol accumulates all values from Cash and Jackpot symbols drawn on the reels below, until its countdown reaches 0. Cash symbols award prizes ranging from 1x-10x player's bet. MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA Jackpot symbols award corresponding Jackpots. Cash and Jackpot symbols’ values can only be won when collected by the Collector symbol. CHANCE LEVEL™ The game is played with the base bet set by default. However, the Chance Level™ feature can be enabled during the base game and you can select one of 3 levels: Chance Level™ x2 – the base bet is multiplied by 2, giving you at least a 2x higher chance of activating the Free Spins. Chance Level™ x5 – the base bet is multiplied by 5, giving you at least a 5x higher chance of activating the Free Spins. Chance Level™ x10 – the base bet is multiplied by 10, giving you at least a 12x higher chance of activating the Free Spins. The Chance Level™ feature does not affect the paytable, thus symbol values remain the same as for the base bet in both the base game and the Bonus Game. Sticky symbols are temporarily removed from the reels when changing Chance Level™ and only appear on the Chance Level™ they were obtained on. Ultra and Extreme Volatility Using the Buy Feature, Free Spins can be activated on Ultra or Extreme Volatility level, characterized by even bigger wins than other Volatility Levels™. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game average return to player: 96.16% Player Return Percentage (% RTP – Percentage Return to Player) is the expected percentage of bets that a particular Game will return to the Player in the long run. It is equal to the total amount of contributions to the total returns. STANDARD BET VALUES Minimum bet per spin: USD 0.10 Maximum bet per spin: USD 100 MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. [S][space] Autoplay Settings (if available) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: [A] Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. [+ / - ][up arrow key / down arrow key] Click and hold the minus or plus buttons to set the bet value to min or max. Active counters: Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Balance Current account balance. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. [G] To Credit Claim your win without next spin. [T] Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast (if available) play modes. [F] Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch big win animations on or off. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. [K] Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. [R] The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. [F11] Volatility Levels™ Choose your favorite game style [left arrow key / right arrow key] Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. The Gamble feature can be activated only with the current win value during the ongoing game session. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. Each draw is independent of the previous one and has the same probability of winning. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the current win counter and returns to the main game. The Gamble feature can be played for a total of 7 rounds. The number of rounds in the Gamble feature depends on the max win available in the game. The win value from doubling up in the next round cannot be higher than: USD 300,000 Current win – amount of win that can be taken. Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 12/30/2025