Star Clusters How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Autoplays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 4 reels will spin and then come to a stop, displaying the result. Mega clusters™ A MEGA CLUSTERS™ slot is a symbol matching game where winning symbols split and react. Star Clusters is a MEGA CLUSTERS™ game that begins with 4 rows and 4 columns in the Base Game and 8 rows and 8 columns in the Free Spins. When wins occur, each winning symbol is replaced by four smaller symbols. When wins occur with these smaller symbols, symbols of the same size above them collapse downwards and new symbols drop in from the top of the screen to fill available positions on the board. Reactions continue until there are no more wins. Symbol Wins Wins consist of 5 or more matching symbols of any size, horizontally or vertically adjacent. Highest win paid per winning cluster. Payouts are multiplied by stake. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wilds Regular Wild substitutes for all symbols except Gold Wild. Gold Wild substitutes for all symbols. Up to two Gold Wilds can occur. Gold Wild Multiplier Gold Wild Multiplier starts at x1 and increments by 1 whenever one or more Gold Wilds substitute in a win. Gold Wild Multiplier increment occurs before any wins are paid. Gold Wild Multiplier resets at the end of each spin unless the Free Spins is triggered. Free Spins When 5 or more reactions occur in the Base Game, the Free Spins is triggered.2 Free Spins are awarded plus one for each reaction beyond the fifth. The Gold Wild Multiplier carries over from the triggering game into the Free Spins. Every time the Gold Wild Multiplier reaches a multiple of 10, an additional 2 Free Spins are awarded. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.54%System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/19/2022