Squid Game One Lucky Day PAYOUTS Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Wins that occur on all played lines are added to the total win. Only the highest win is paid on each win line played. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. WILD WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except BONUS symbol. BONUS The BONUS symbol is a scatter symbol. BONUS symbols appear on reels 1, 3 & 5 only. If 3 BONUS symbols land in view on any spin a feature will be triggered. The BONUS symbol on reel 5 will flip and reveal the feature triggered. BONUS symbol can only land in base game. RED LIGHT GREEN LIGHT BONUS Choose 1, 2, 3 or 4 steps forward and try to reach the finish for the Jackpot BONUS round. If you complete your chosen steps you will be awarded a stake multiplier. 1 Step can award x1, x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10 stake multiplier. 2 Steps can award x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 or x20 stake multiplier. 3 Steps can award x3, x4, x5, x10, x20, x30, x40 or x50 stake multiplier. 4 Steps can award x4, x5, x10, x20, x30, x40, x50 or x100 stake multiplier. Higher steps means higher potential rewards but greater risk of death. If you do not complete your chosen steps and die any multipliers won prior will be awarded. If the player is within 4 steps of the finish line, some options will be disabled accordingly. JACKPOT On reaching the end of RED LIGHT GREEN LIGHT BONUS you will enter the Jackpot BONUS round. Pick Mystery Soldiers until you match 3 in accordance with the jackpot award card on display. Four fixed jackpot options are available. GRAND (Frontman) = 4560 x stake. MAJOR (Pink Guard Square) = 456 x stake. MINOR (Pink Guard Triangle) = 45.6 x stake. MINI (Pink Guard Circle) = 4.56 x stake. A jackpot win is guaranteed. GLASS BRIDGE BONUS Choose left or right to move along the glass bridge, an unsuccessful move will see you fall through the broken glass, award an extra upgrade and move onto the free spins part of this feature. Each successful move, where you move onto the next part of the bridge without falling, awards an extra upgrade to free spins. Upgrades to free spins that can be won in this feature are: 1, 2 or 3 extra spins A WILD upgrade Additional x1 stake multiplier 1 low paying symbol removed GLASS BRIDGE BONUS has a maximum of 18 moves. WILD UPGRADES 1st upgrade is FALLING WILD Any WILD symbol that lands in view will progressively move 1 position down on each spin until extinction. 2nd upgrade is WALKING WILD Any WILD symbol that lands in view will progressively move 1 position from right to left on each spin until extinction. 3rd upgrade is LOCKED WILD Any WILD symbol that lands in view will be locked into position for the remainder of free spins. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. TUG OF WAR BONUS TUG OF WAR BONUS will always have a minimum of 1 WILD REEL that can be tugged in left or right direction per spin. The WILD REEL once pulled could be pulled again revealing additional WILD REELS (maximum 4) per free spin. Spins will continue until the WILD REEL gets tugged off the reels to the far left or right. The losing team as they fall will leave a number of random WILD symbols (Minimum 3 and maximum 10) on the reels. This will end the BONUS round after payout is calculated and awarded. WIN LINES All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any of the win lines. LEGAL NOTICES The expected return for this game is 93.99%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. GLASS BRIDGE BONUS and TUG OF WAR BONUS Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/16/2024