Shadow of the Panther Power Bet RTP: 96.5% Volatility: 8.7 Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Power Bet feature At any time during the base game the player is allowed to make a Power Bet at a cost of 10X, 20X, 30X, or 40X the currently selected total bet, corresponding to Purple Cheetah Symbol, Green Leopard Symbol, Blue Panther Symbol, or Yellow Man Symbol respectively. The player can make this bet by clicking the option of their choice and then clicking [YES Button] on the confirmation screen. After making a Power Bet, the next 30 bets have an increased chance to win. For the next 30 bets, if Purple Cheetah Symbol was selected then all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the base game will transform into Purple Cheetah Symbol or Doubled Purple Cheetah Symbol and all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the Free Games Bonus will transform into Doubled Purple Cheetah Symbol. For the next 30 bets, if Green Leopard Symbol was selected then all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the base game will transform into Green Leopard Symbol or Doubled Green Cheetah Symbol and all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the Free Games Bonus will transform into Doubled Green Cheetah Symbol. For the next 30 bets, if Blue Panther was selected then all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the base game will transform into Blue Panther Symbol or Doubled Blue Panther Symbol and all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the Free Games Bonus will transform into Doubled Blue Panther Symbol. For the next 30 bets, if Yellow Man Symbol was selected then all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the base game will transform into Yellow Man Symbol or Doubled Yellow Man Symbol and all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the Free Games Bonus will transform into Doubled Yellow Man Symbol. Placing a bet at a different bet multiplier will forfeit the Power Bet effect on any remaining bets out of the affected 30 bets. The total cost to make a Power Bet as well as play the 30 affected bets is equal to 40X, 50X, 60X, or 70X the currently selected total bet for selecting Purple Cheetah Symbol, Green Leopard Symbol, Blue Panther, or Striped Face Man Symbol respectively. A Power Bet cannot be made while a Power Bet is already in effect. Last modification date: 9/28/2021