Santa King Megaways 1 Introduction Santa King Megaways is a Megaways slot game with up to 117649 ways to win, with a Santa King feature that leads into a Free Spins bonus round. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with up to 117649 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The Extra Reel adds an extra symbol to reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. 4 Features 4.1 Cascade During the base game and Santa King Free Spins every winning symbol is part of a Cascade. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. 4.2 Lit reels – ‘Dings’ During the base game between 0 and 6 reels will light yellow with a 'DING!' sound upon landing. Dings occur from left to right consecutively, starting from the leftmost reel. One extra reel is lit yellow for each subsequent Cascade. Achieving 6 yellow reels triggers the Santa King feature. One further Cascade advances the player to the Super King feature. One or more further Cascades from this point advances the player to the Mega King feature. 4.3 Santa King feature There are 3 levels of entry to the Santa King feature. Each one has a different Free Spins trail associated to it, and a minimum number of Santa Kings that can appear when the feature commences. REEL KING - 1-2 Santa Kings SUPER KING - 2-3 Santa Kings MEGA KING - 3-6 Santa Kings Between 1 and 6 Santa Kings will appear over the reels. The player begins on the leftmost position on the Free Spins trail. Each King will spin his reels, with prizes available for winning combinations. If all three reels of an individual Santa King become lit when landing, the player advances one position along the trail. When a Santa King spins to a losing combination that has less than 3 lit reels, he disappears. The feature ends when there are no Kings left on the reels. If a Free Spins trail position has been reached, the Santa King Free Spins bonus is triggered. 4.4 Santa King Free Spins bonus The number of Free Spins remaining, and current multiplier value is displayed on the right of the screen. Each winning Cascade increases the unlimited multiplier by 1. Winning symbol combination pays are multiplied by the current multiplier at the start of the Cascades. Each Cascade lights one reel red consecutively from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. All red reels remain lit across Free Spins until the 6th reel is reached. When all 6 reels are red, the Santa King character appears over the reels. The number of free spins is increased by 1, 2 or 3. The current multiplier is increased by 0, 1, 2 or 3. 4.5 Free Spins gamble The Free Spins gamble allows the player to risk the cash and Free Spins won from the Santa King feature for a chance to win more Free Spins. The TAKE button shows the amount being risked. The SPIN button shows the prize for winning the gamble. Press the TAKE button to collect the current prize, or the SPIN button to start the wheel. The gamble wins if the arrow lands in a green area, and loses if it lands in a red area. The prizes for winning or losing the gamble are shown under the gamble wheel and also on a trail at the top of the screen. The segments of the wheel reflect the true odds of winning or losing. The winning Free Spins prize can be risked again until the end of the trail is reached. A maximum of 25 Free Spins can be won from the gamble wheel. If the maximum is reached, the Free Spins are collected automatically. Any remaining Free Spins after a non-winning gamble are collected automatically. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.56%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/8/2021