Spartacus Lightning Blitz Help File Spartacus Lightning Blitz™ Spartacus Lightning Blitz™ is a 10K Ways™ slot game with up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Average Theoretical Return to Player is: 94.40% RULES WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. SCATTER The Lightning Blitz Free Spins feature is triggered when 4 or more SCATTER appear. GLADIATOR Symbols GLADIATOR symbols include: Blue Gladiator, Green Lion, Purple Gladiator and Red Gladiator. Each GLADIATOR symbol displays a random prize or bonus prize. When a WILD lands during free spins, it collects the prizes and/or bonus prizes from all GLADIATOR symbols on the reels. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per game round. Grand and Major bonus prizes may each be awarded up to 2 times per game round (once if 1 WILD lands when a Grand or Major bonus prize appears, or twice if 2 WILDs land when a Grand or Major bonus prize appears). Grand bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Each GLADIATOR symbol can award any of the bonus prizes. Blue Gladiator non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 5 x total bet (1x, 1.25x, 1.5x, 1.75x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 5x). Green Lion non-bonus prizes range from 2 to 9 x total bet (2x, 2.25x, 2.5x, 2.75x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 4.5x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x). Purple Gladiator non-bonus prizes range from 3 to 20 x total bet (3x, 3.25x, 3.5x, 3.75x, 4x, 4.5x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 12x, 15x, 20x). Red Gladiator non-bonus prizes range from 4 to 100 x total bet (4x, 4.25x, 4.5x, 4.75x, 5x, 5.5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 75x, 100x). Bonus prizes are not progressive. Prizes displayed over GLADIATOR symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. GLADIATOR prizes and bonus prizes can not be won during the base game. LIGHTNING BLITZ FREE SPINS The Lightning Blitz Free Spins feature is triggered when 4 or more SCATTER appear. 4x SCATTER awards 2 Free Spins. 5x SCATTER awards 4 Free Spins. 6x SCATTER awards 6 Free Spins. 7x SCATTER or more awards 8 Free Spins. At least one WILD is guaranteed on each Free Spin. Each WILD collects the prizes and/or bonus prizes from all GLADIATOR symbols on the reels. After WILD symbols have collected prizes from GLADIATOR symbols, all WILD and GLADIATOR symbols explode and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. During Free Spins, the top reel only contains WILD and BLANK symbols. During Free Spins, the vertical reels only contain GLADIATOR and BLANK symbols. Free Spins has 4 levels and starts at Level 1. On Level 1, the only GLADIATOR symbol that appears is Blue Gladiator. On Level 2, the only GLADIATOR symbol that appears is Green Lion. On Level 3, the only GLADIATOR symbol that appears is Purple Gladiator. On Level 4, the only GLADIATOR symbol that appears is Red Gladiator. Collect prizes from 10 Blue Gladiator symbols to advance to Level 2 and trigger 1 extra free spin. Collect prizes from 10 Green Lion symbols to advance to Level 3 and trigger 1 extra free spin. Collect prizes from 10 Purple Gladiator symbols to advance to Level 4 and trigger 1 extra free spin. The chance of bonus prizes increases on each Free Spin Level. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay (if available) and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Bonus Meters Show Bonus amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. This is game rules version 2, dated February 11, 2025. Last modification date: 10/22/2025