Subbuteo Slot Subbuteo is a 5-reel slot game with 20 pay lines. When starting the game for the first time, you can choose your team name and football kit. This can be changed at any time from the reel game screen. Wins are awarded for adjacent 3, 4 and 5 of a kind symbols from left to right. Overlaid on the reels are team shield symbols which, when visible in any position, will add 1 player to the 11-man team line up. Once all 11 players are highlighted, the bonus game will start. The number of players highlighted is held separately by bet value. Once 7 or more players are highlighted, you can choose to use the “Buy Bonus” button and buy the bonus game for a fixed amount. The amount depends on the number of players you have so far. The more players already , the less the bonus game will cost. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is a minimum 95.4%. There is no skill element to this game whatsoever; all outcomes are predetermined and cannot be influenced by external factors. SUBBUTEO is a trademark of Hasbro. © 2018 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. Reel Game Bonuses At random, the following features may activate at the end of a spin: Extra Player: The player is awarded an extra player and a cash prize. Manager of the Month Pick one team manager from 4 options, and be awarded one of the following bonuses: Extra Player: Adds one player to the trail Kick Off: All missing players are added and the bonus game starts Cash Bonus: A cash prize is awarded Win Spin: The reels are spun to a winnings position New Contract: A cash prize is awarded. Free Spins Bonus Eighteen free spins are awarded when the bonus game starts. Also displayed is a clock and a scoreboard; each free spin adds 5 minutes to the clock. When the clock reaches 90 minutes, the free spins bonus will end. Scoring goals will add to the scoreboard; beat your opponents for an extra prize at the end of free spins! If you’ve drawn against the opposition after 90 minutes are up, the game goes into Extra Time, where 6 more free spins are awarded. If it’s still a draw after extra time, the game goes to penalties! Each successful penalty awards 5x bet. During free spins, one or more of the following features may be awarded: Free Kick: Reels are spun again and may or may not award a win. Penalty: Go up against the goalkeeper - if you score, you are awarded a cash prize. Goal: Your team scores a goal! Action Replay: If your last spin was a win; action replay will repeat the prize! Red Card: One of the low paying symbols is removed from the reels, for the remainder of free spins. Substitution: One low paying symbol is removed from the reels and substituted for a higher paying Super Sub symbol, for the remainder of free spins. Game Rules Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line Highest win only on each selected payline, beginning from the left most reel Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol Coinciding wins are added All wins occur from left to right on selected paylines only except BONUS which pays any Malfunction voids all pays and plays Autoplay Settings (if available) NUMBER OF SPINS: Select the number of spins to auto-play. LOSS LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if your losses equal or exceed this amount, autoplay will be stopped. SINGLE WIN LIMIT: Select an amount of money, which if a win in any one spin equals or exceeds this amount, autoplay will be stopped. How to Play Choose your bet by pressing the INCREASE BET or REDUCE BET buttons Press the SPIN button MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) STOP AUTOPLAY: Cancels autoplay (if available) INCREASE BET/REDUCE BET: Adjusts the BET. SKIP : Stops the display of wins SETTINGS : Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about and back options MUTE : Accesses the Cashier, info, Home, about and back options BUY BONUS: Shows cost of and option to play the free spins bonus game SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: CASHIER: Accesses the Casino’s cashier area INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME: Accesses Casino menu BACK: Returns to game ABOUT: Displays game version information AUTOPLAY: Accesses the auto-play settings (if available) The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: The value of the bet Winnings: Displays the amount won in the spin The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020