Shadow Diamond Noir RTP 96.5% VOLATILITY: 6.8 GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet. Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus and Pick Bonus symbols. 2 Free Games Bonus symbols and 1 Pick Bonus symbol appearing in any position on the reels awards a scatter pay of 3x the total amount bet. 1 Free Games Bonus symbol and 2 Pick Bonus symbols appearing in any position on the reels awards a scatter pay of 3x the total amount bet. Free Games and Pick Bonus symbols appear only on reels 1, 2, and 3. Free Games and Pick Bonus symbols are scatter symbols. All symbols in the base game except Free Games and Pick Bonus Symbols can appear in stacks of the same symbol repeating multiple times. Free Games Rules During the base game, 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 1, 2, and 3 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. All symbol scan appear in stacks of the same symbol repeating multiple times. Pick Bonus Rules During the base game, 3 Pick Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 1, 2, and 3 starts the Pick Bonus. Awards 3 initial picks The player picks from 15 available pick options. A pick may… Result in a credit award of 1x to 10x the total bet. Award a multiplier of 2x or 3x on the total credits won during the Pick Bonus and +1 Pick. The Pick Bonus ends when 0 picks remain. Last modification date: 9/6/2022