Spin-vention RTP: 96.0% Volatility: 15.9- Very High Game Rules This game is played using Lines evaluation. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME Above each reel is a special feature symbol. At the start of each bet the leftmost special feature symbol, as well as any special feature symbols that were awarded on the previous bet, disappear. All other special feature symbols shift left to occupy empty spaces, with new special feature symbols appearing from the right until all 5 spaces are occupied. The Following special feature symbols can appear above the reels: Purple Credits, Pink Down Arrow Wilds, Pink Multi Arrow Wilds, Green Multipliers, Blue Respin Arrows, and Blue Gear Sphere. Purple Credits award credits equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Purple Credits appear with an amount between 2 and 100 times the total bet. Pink Down Arrow Wilds transform all positions on the reel below it to Wilds. Pink Multi Arrow Wilds transforms random positions on the reels to Wilds. The number of positions transformed is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Pink Multi Arrow Wilds appear with an amount between 3 and 20. Green Multipliers will multiply all credits won on the current bet by the amount shown on that symbol. Green Multipliers appear with an amount of x2, x3, x4, x5, or x10. If more than 1 Green Multipliers are awarded, then the sum of their values is the amount by which all credits won are multiplied. Amounts won during the Free Games Bonus and Pick Bonus are multiplied after those bonuses are complete. Blue Gear Sphere award the Pick Bonus. The number of pick bonus lives awarded is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. If more than 1 Blue Gear Sphere is awarded, then each Pick Bonus is played in sequence. Blue Respin Arrows award Free Games Bonus. The number of free games awarded is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. If more than 1 Blue Respin Arrow is awarded, then the number of free games awarded is equal to the sum of the amounts shown on those symbols. Golden Boxes appearing in any position on the reels awards the special feature above that reel. If at least 1 Golden Box appears in any position on the reels, there is a random chance that 1 or 2 additional Golden Box will be added to other reels before special features are awarded, up to a maximum of 1 Golden Box per reel. Wins are evaluated after all Wilds resulting from Pink Down Arrow Wilds and Pink Multi Arrow Wilds have been placed. When placing the first bet or when placing a bet with a different bet per line than the previous bet per line, all 5 spaces above the reels are occupied by Purple Credits, each with an amount equal to 2 times the total bet. Free Games Below each reel is a special feature symbol. At the start of each free game the leftmost special feature symbol, as well as any special feature symbols that were awarded on the previous free game, disappear. All other special feature symbols shift left to occupy empty spaces, with new special feature symbols appearing from the right until all 5 spaces are occupied. The Following special feature symbols can appear below the reels: Purple Credits, Pink Down Arrow Wilds, Pink Multi Arrow Wilds, Green Multipliers, and Blue Respin Arrows. Purple Credits award credits equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Purple Credits appear with an amount between 2 and 20 times the total bet. Pink Down Arrow Wilds transform all positions on the reel below it to Wilds. Pink Multi Arrow Wilds transforms random positions on the reels to Wilds. The number of positions transformed is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Pink Multi Arrow Wilds appear with an amount between 3 and 10. Green Multipliers will multiply all credits won on the current bet by the amount shown on that symbol. Green Multipliers appear with an amount of x2, x3, x4, or x5. If more than 1 Green Multipliers are awarded, then the sum of their values is the amount by which all credits won are multiplied. Amounts won during the Free Games Bonus and Pick Bonus are multiplied after those bonuses are complete. Blue Respin Arrows award additional free games. The number of addition free games awarded is equal to the amount shown on that symbol. Golden Boxes appearing in any position on the reels awards the special feature below that reel. Wins are evaluated after all Wilds resulting from Pink Down Arrow Wilds and Pink Multi Arrow Wilds have been placed. At the start of the Free Games Bonus all 5 spaces below the reels are occupied by randomly selected special feature symbols. The Free Games Bonus Uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 100 free games have been played. Pick Bonus During the base game, Blue Gear Spheres appearing above any Golden Boxes starts the Pick Bonus. The Pick Bonus starts with a pick bonus multiplier of x1 and a number of pick bonus lives equal to the value on the Blue Gear Sphere that started the Pick Bonus. Pick Gear Pieces to reveal credit awards between 1 and 10 times the total bet. Each pick awards the revealed amount times the current pick bonus multiplier. The bonus multiplier increases by 1 after every 7 picks. Picking a Gear Piece may also reveal a Pink Electric Pulse. Revealing a Pink Electric Pulse reduces the number of pick bonus lives by 1. The Pick Bonus ends when the number of pick bonus lives is reduced to 0. Last modification date: 9/28/2021