Sizzling Bells Halloween Game Rules The game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 5 paylines. Wins are paid for combinations of 3, 4 and 5 identical symbols on an active bet line, from leftmost to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win per line is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scatters and Bonus symbols. Scatters pay at any position of the reels, only the number of Scatter symbols counts. Prizes for the Bonus Symbol equal bet value multiplied by x1-x10, x12 or x15. Wins for Bonus symbols are paid out only during the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. SPECIAL FEATURES STICKY BONUS SYMBOLS During the base game, Bonus symbols may appear as a Sticky symbol. Sticky Bonus symbols have a countdown that starts from 5 and decreases with each spin. When the countdown reaches 0, the symbol becomes a regular Bonus symbol. Hold the Jackpot Bonus A draw of at least 6 Bonus symbols during the base game activates the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. All symbols are removed from the reels, with the exception of the Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus. Sticky Bonus symbols are converted to regular Bonus symbols. The Bonus symbols that activated the Hold the Jackpot Bonus and those drawn during the bonus stay on the reels. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played on 30 independent reels separated into the upper reels and lower reels. Upper reels consist of 15 reels. Both standard Bonus symbols and Special Bonus symbols can be drawn on these reels. Lower reels consist of 15 reels. Only standard Bonus symbols can be drawn on these reels. Upper reels remain inactive until a Bonus symbol is drawn on the lower reel corresponding to the position of the upper reel. Special Bonus symbols which appear on the upper reels have bet value multipliers of x25, x50, x150 and x250. 3 respins are granted at the beginning of the bonus round. Every time any Bonus symbol is drawn, it resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus ends when all respins are finished or all 30 reels (upper and lower) are filled with Bonus symbols. The GRAND prize is paid when all 15 lower reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Other prizes from the lower reels are cancelled. The SUPER GRAND is paid when all 15 upper reels are filled with Bonus symbols. Other prizes from the upper reels and the GRAND prize are cancelled. Hold the Jackpot Bonus is played at the same bet level and Volatility Levels™ as the spin that activated the bonus Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/22/2025