Stellar Cash Blown Away Help File Stellar Cash Blown Away Blown Away is a Bet 30, 25-line 3x5 Reel slot game with a Tornado Respin Bonus & Free Games; it also has the Stellar Cash Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.21% with any bet. Tornado Respin Trigger respin with any tornado during base game & continue respinning with any subsequent tornado symbol. Tornado will remove the lowest value royal symbol for the remaining respins or Free Games every time it lands. Free Games {Tornado} can increase the Free Game multiplier if the cow is caught by the tornado. If the cow runs away no multiplier is awarded. Multiply wins up to 7x during Free Games. If {Tornado} lands on the last Free Game a respin is awarded, with any subsequent {Tornado} awarding further respins. Rules 30 Coins plays 25 lines. Walrus is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER & tornado. Tornado is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Tornado appears on reel 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins on selected paylines only, except SCATTER which pays any. Wins on different paylines are added. SCATTER wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER trigger 10 FREE GAMES. Free Games cannot be triggered during respins. Tornado respin and Free Games can be triggered on the same spin. If both are triggered simultaneously the tornado respins will be played first followed by the Free Games. The royal meter always reset before Free games. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Free games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Respins are played at the triggering lines and bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Stellar Cash Bonus 30 coins plays 25 Lines and eligibility for the Stellar Cash Bonus. awards the Stellar Cash Bonus. cannot be substituted. appears in base game only. appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. The Stellar Cash Bonus is triggered when three appear, and is not dependent on the bet size. Bonus consists of 6 challenge levels and a Jackpot Level. Higher Bet Multiplier increase your chance of reaching a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. For each challenge level choose one of the remaining icons presented. Shoot icons to either reveal a prize and/or advance to the next level, or choose again. Each choice reveals either a prize, a (either of which advances you to the next level) or a If is revealed, a life is lost and another choice may be made from that level. If all 6 levels are completed successfully, you enter the Jackpot Level. When in the Jackpot Level, choose space ships to reveal Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. Match 3 of a kind to win that respective Jackpot. The bonus round ends if a total of 3 are revealed, or you receive a Jackpot Prize. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. During Jackpot stage, Jackpots are not true odds and there are no real choice possibilities. Stellar Cash Bonus cannot be triggered during Respins or Free Games. Prizes Bet Multiplier Min Credit Prize Max Credit Prize 1 50 1000 2 100 1500 3 150 1800 4 200 2000 5 250 2000 6 300 1800 7 350 1750 8 400 2800 Prizes for Bet Multipliers above 8 increase in direct proportion to prizes of Bet Multiplier 8. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance : Displays your total balance. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet : Displays the total wager staked. Total Win : Displays the accumulated wins during Free Games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 11/17/2022