Stellar Cash Chicken Fox 5x Skillstar Stellar Cash ChickenFox5x Skillstar is a Bet 30, 20-line 3x5 Reel slot game with Skillstar feature (a play for fun skill game), Free Games and Stellar Cash Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.27% with any bet. Game Rules Rules 30 Coins plays 20 lines. Lady is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except Gold Egg. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any.• Paylines wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter wins are multiplied by the number of lines played and by the bet multiplier. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins.• Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Skillstar Use the left/right arrows on the screen or the left/right keyboard keys to control the fox. Catch as many golden eggs as you can. Game ends when 3 golden eggs are missed and drop to the groundClimb your way up the leader board with the highest score. This game does not affect the RTP in any way. It is merely to be played for fun before the normal game bonus starts. This game is optional and can be skipped with the skip button. Free Games – Chicken Catch Bonus 3, 4 or 5 Gold Eggs triggers 8, 15 or 30 Free Games respectively. Fox and Fox5 are WILD and substitute for all chickens during Free Games (cannot substitute for each other). Foxes can catch Chickens or White Eggs during Free Games only. Foxes catch Chickens, adding their prize tag totals to your payout. Foxes catch White Eggs to award 1, 2, 3 or 5 Free Games. Win up to 18 Free Games with Fox and 80 Free Games with Fox5 per spin. Any payline win with Fox5 pays 5 times. Any catching win with Fox5 pays 5 times. Fox5 multiplies Free Games by 5 times when awarded with White Eggs.• Free Games are played at the triggering lines and bet. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Stellar Cash Bonus 30 coins plays 20 Lines and eligibility for the Stellar Cash Bonus. awards the Stellar Cash Bonus. cannot be substituted. appears in base game only. appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. The Stellar Cash Bonus is triggered when three appear, and is not dependent on the bet size. Bonus consists of 6 challenge levels and a Jackpot Level. Higher Bet Multiplier increase your chance of reaching a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. For each challenge level choose one of the remaining icons presented. Shoot icons to either reveal a prize and/or advance to the next level, or choose again. Each choice reveals either a prize, a (either of which advances you to the next level) or a If is revealed, a life is lost and another choice may be made from that level. If all 6 levels are completed successfully, you enter the Jackpot Level. During Jackpot stage, Jackpots are not true odds and there are no real choice possibilities. When in the Jackpot Level, choose space ships to reveal Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. Match 3 of a kind to win that respective Jackpot. The bonus round ends if a total of 3 are revealed, or you receive a Jackpot Prize. Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Stellar Cash Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Games. Prizes Bet Multiplier Min Credit Prize Max Credit Prize 1 50 1000 2 100 1500 3 150 1800 4 200 2000 5 250 2000 6 300 1800 7 350 1750 8 400 2800 Prizes for Bet Multipliers above 8 increase in direct proportion to prizes of Bet Multiplier 8. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance : Displays your total balance. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet : Displays the total wager staked. Total Win : Displays the accumulated wins during Free Games. Free Game : Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS : ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. MENU View the MENU, giving access to Paytable, Bet, Settings, Home and Cashout tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 4/12/2023