Stellar Jackpots with Silver Lion Game Introduction Fly from the African savanna into the depths of space, shooting your way to win Jackpots. Stellar Jackpots with Silver Lionis a 4x5 Reel 1024 Ways game with two additional bonus games. The first is theFree Game bonus that re-triggers often and allows for huge multipliers up to x27, along with stacked wins for even great multiplying wins.The second is the Stellar Jackpots with Mini, Minor and Major Jackpots. 8, 15 or 20 Free Games are initially triggered with any 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Diamonds. During Free Games, Free Games can be retriggered from as little as 2 Scatter Diamonds, which awards 5 Extra Free Games. Wild Trees appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, and being a Ways game, will substitute in any position on the reel. During Free Games, each of the Wild Trees will reveal a x2 or x3 multiplier. The multipliers are multiplied together, with a x3, x3, x3 combination awarding a prize multiplier of x27. Symbols are also stacked, which further adds to creation of huge wins. Trigger the Stellar Jackpots bonus randomly on any bet. Shoot icons to reveal prizes and move through each of the 6 Challenge levels. If you reach the Jackpot level, continue to shoot ships until you match 3 Mini, Minor or Major symbols and win that Jackpot.. With a good hit rate in the base game, combined with Wild Multipliers in Free Games, a very good chance at re-triggering extra Free Games multiple timesand Bonus games with Stellar Jackpotsgives this game a High Volatility rating. Overview An overview of the main features and benefits of this game. Potential to win Wild Multipliers up to x27. Frequent re-trigger of Bonus with only 2 Scattered Diamonds required to re-trigger 5 Free Games. Very appealing artwork of the majestic Stellar Jackpots with Silver Lion. Very regular entry into the Jackpot Bonus for all bet sizes. Higher bet players get through to the Jackpot level more often and are also awarded higher prizes. Prizes in the Jackpot Bonus picking phase are related to the size of the bet. Features FREE GAMES FEATURE Win 8, 15 or 20 Free Games with a 3, 4 or 5 DIAMOND symbol win respectively. During Free Games, each WILD TREE that appears on reels 2,3 or 4 will MULTIPLY any prize it is substituting in by either x2 or x3 up to total maximum of x27. 5 Additional Free Games are awarded if Any 2 scattered BONUS Symb ols occur during any Free Game. Free Games can be retriggered. STELLAR JACKPOTS BONUS Triggering of the Stellar Jackpots Bonus is random and is not dependent on the bet size. Bonus consists of 6 challenge levels and a Jackpot Level. Higher Multiplier Bets increase the chance of reaching a Jackpot OR increase the Jackpot Prizes. Shoot space icons to reveal a prize and or move forward to the next challenge. If space icon shoots back, a life is lost. Player starts with 3 Lives. A Mini, Minor or Major jackpot must be won once the Jackpot level is reached. Select Spaceships until 3 of the same Jackpot are revealed. RTP: The theoritical win for the game is 96.13%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020