Shadow of the Panther Infinity GAME RULES This game is played using Clusterbucks evaluation. Winning combinations are defined as groups of matching symbols that are horizontally or vertically adjacent to one another. Only the highest paying combination for each group is paid per spin. Win combination pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. All 9 reels are always in play. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Values displayed in the Game Rules have not been pre-multiplied, except where stated. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Stopping the spin animation using the spin or stop button will have no effect upon the outcome of the game. When a winning combination is formed from a cluster of 5 or more symbols, new reels will continue to spin as long as winning combinations are formed. Upon the first win, the matrix collapses into the center reel and the highest paying win combination is subject to increase upon the next respin. If any new symbols connect to the center symbol in the adjacent positions or a new win is formed, this process repeats. If the active win doesn't increase in size and a new win (at least 5-of-a-kind) is formed with another symbol, then the active win pays out before the new winning symbol. The active win and the game continues, with the new active win collapsing into the center position and other 8 positions respinning. If the active win increases in size and a new win (at least 5-of-a-kind) is also formed with another symbol, then the larger of-a-kind win will become or remain the active symbol, continuing the respin process while the smaller of-a-kind win pays out immediately. In the case that there is a tie in the of-a-kind size of both wins, then the higher value win becomes or remains the active symbol. Winning combinations are awarded only after all respins have ceased. The initial spin in base game consists of 9 independent reels, subsequent spins consist of 8 independent reels. The Jackpot is awarded after the game re-spins a certain amount of times. The Minor jackpot is awarded by re-spinning 10 times and is valued at 20X amount the players bet. The Major jackpot is awarded by re-spinning 15 times and is valued at 100X amount the players bet. The Grand jackpot is awarded by re-spinning 30 times and is valued at 2000X amount the players bet. Only one Jackpot may be won at a time. During the Racking Up Riches Feature, there is a one-time random chance that a non-winning spin will spin once more. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, 3 [BO1] starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 Bonus Symbols awards 5 free games. 4 Bonus Symbols awards 7 free games. Each [BO1] after 4 have been collected awards an additional Free Game. The initial spin consists of 13 independent reels, subsequent spins consist of 12 independent reels. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. When a winning combination is formed from a cluster of 5 or more symbols, new reels will continue to spin as long as winning combinations are formed. Upon the first win, the matrix collapses into the center 4 reels and the highest paying win combination is subject to increase upon the next respin. If any new symbols connect to the center symbol in the adjacent positions or a new win is formed, this process repeats. If the active win doesn't increase in size and a new win (at least 5-of-a-kind) is formed with another symbol, then the active win pays out before the new winning symbol. The active win and the game continues, with the new active win collapsing into the center position and other 12 positions respinning. If the active win increases in size and a new win (at least 5-of-a-kind) is also formed with another symbol, then the larger of-a-kind win will become or remain the active symbol, continuing the respin process while the smaller of-a-kind win pays out immediately. In the case that there is a tie in the of-a-kind size of both wins, then the higher value win becomes or remains the active symbol. Winning combinations are awarded only after all respins have ceased. A Free Games Wild Symbol is locked in the 4 center reels for each initial spin of the Free Games Bonus and counts as a single Free Games Wild Symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. The Center locked Free Games Wild Symbol substitutes for a single Free Games High Pay Symbol 1, Free Games High Pay Symbol 2, Free Games High Pay Symbol 3, Free Games High Pay Symbol 4, Free Games High Pay Symbol 5, or Free Games High Pay Symbol 6 symbol. The Jackpot is awarded after the game re-spins a certain amount of times. The Minor jackpot is awarded by re-spinning 15 times and is valued at 20X amount the players bet. The Major jackpot is awarded by re-spinning 25 times and is valued at 100X amount the players bet. The Grand jackpot is awarded by re-spinning 40 times and is valued at 2000X amount the players bet. Only one Jackpot may be won at a time. During the Racking Up Riches Feature, there is a one-time random chance that a non-winning spin will spin once more. Last modification date: 10/11/2023