Space Spins The game has 6 reels with 4 rows and 40 fixed paylines. All wins are paid out for combinations of 3, 4, 5 or 6 identical symbols without gaps land on a payline starting from the leftmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except for SCATTER. WILD symbol has its own value and can form winning combinations. SCATTER symbol does not have a value of its own. Its only function is activating Free Spins. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels award Free Spins. FREE SPINS 3 or more SCATTERS anywhere on the reels award Free Spins. The winnings from Free Spins accumulate until the end of the feature. Free Spins cannot be triggered again during Free Spins. Before Free Spins begin, one symbol is drawn at random. That symbol is the only one used in the SPACE PILE FEATURE until Free Spins end and it cannot be changed. FREE SPINS are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game. SPACE PILE FEATURE A SPACE PILE symbol is drawn before each spin in base game and before the Free Spins feature. During each spin, there is a chance that a random number of reels will roll a stack of the SPACE PILE symbol. Apart from the SCATTER, all symbols can be a SPACE PILE symbol. BIG SCREEN MODE PlayButton Clickto startplayingatthecurrentbetlevel. Gamble Button Riskyourwin forachanceto doubleit. To Credit Claimyourwinwithoutnextspin. Autoplay Settings(ifapplicable) Clickto accesstheAutoplay settingsmenu. VolatilityLevel Chooseyourfavouritegamestyle. MaxBet Setthebettomaxvalue. IncreaseBetValue Clickto increasebetvalue. DecreaseBetValue Clicktodecreasebetvalue. CloseBigScreenMode ClicktoreducethesizeofthereelsonthescreenorclosetheBigScreenMode. FastPlay Clicktoswitchbetweennormal,fastorultrafast(ifapplicable)playmodes. GAMBLE FEATURE The Gamble feature gives a chance tdouble each win. After activating the gamble feature, a player can: take the win and end the gamble feature, continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. After selecting a symbol, a draw is made tdetermine the winning symbol. The player can end the gamble feature after each round. In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns tthe main game. The gamble feature has seven rounds. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. Last modification date: 5/15/2024