Sheik Yer Money The objective of the game is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. HOW TO PLAY SELECT YOUR STAKE - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. LINES This meter displays the number of lines being played. All lines are always in play. STAKE This meter displays the total amount wagered per spin. START THE GAME Click the SPIN button to start your game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click 'Stop' to cancel Autoplay. A bonus event will stop the Autoplay. TOTAL WIN This meter displays the total amount won for any single spin. HELP All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button and are displayed as cash values in the game which change as the stake per line is adjusted. SPECIAL PAYS All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the left most reel. Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position on the reels. Only highest win paid per line played. Paytable is dynamic and reflects actual payouts based on current wager. All active paylines are fixed. Wins on different lines are added together and scattered wins (if available) are added to pay line wins. All pays in currency. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. POKER CHIP MULTIPLIERS Each (1x) scattered on the reels pays 1 times total stake Each (5x) scattered on the reels pays 5 times total stake Each (10x) scattered on the reels pays 10 times total stake Each (25x) scattered on the reels pays 25 times total stake BONUS WHEEL 3 BONUS WHEEL appearing anywhere on center 3 reels initiates the Bonus Wheel feature. BONUS WHEEL only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Alternate set of reels in play during bonus games. Bonus Wheel feature can only be initiated from the base game. Free spins are played at the same lines and stake as triggering game. MONEY WHEEL 3 MONEY WHEEL appearing anywhere on center 3 reels initiates the Money Wheel feature. MONEY WHEEL only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Money Wheel feature can only be initiated from the base game and the Bonus Wheel. Last modification date: 9/1/2020