Space Invaders Roulette 1 Introduction Space Invaders Roulette is a roulette game with 37 potential outcomes for each spin of the wheel. Several different bet types are available. Every spin up to 5 numbers will be given enhanced odds via the Space Invaders shoot sequence. 2 How to Play The Total stake is displayed at all times. 2.1 Set your bet Chip value can be chosen by pressing the chip button. Place chips on the table by selecting the position on the table that represents the bet you wish to place. Bets can be placed on numerous positions on the table. For example, to place a split bet, select the position in-between two numbers on the table. Pressing Repeat Bet will repeat the chip placement from the previous game. This button can be pressed multiple times, each time doubling the amount of chips already placed on the betting table. Pressing Clear All Bets or Clear Last Bet will remove any bets placed in error. 2.2 Neighbor Betting Neighbor Bets can be accessed by pressing the Neighbor Bets button. Neighbor Bets places a single bet on the selected number and on four adjacent numbers (two either side of the selected number). The numbers on the neighbors board are laid out in the same order as on the roulette wheel. This allows you to place a bet on the ball landing in a certain section of the wheel. For example, a bet of £1 placed on 0 will place 20p individual bets on 0, 3, 15, 26 and 32, visible on the main betting table. You must return to the main betting table to start a game. 2.3 Start the game Select 'SPIN' to start your game. The SPACE BAR key on the keyboard can often be used as an alternative for pressing the primary on screen button. 2.4 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.5 Turbo Spin Pressing the ‘TURBO SPIN’ button during the wheel spin lands the ball immediately. 3 How do you win? A win is awarded if the ball lands on a number on the wheel which corresponds to any bets placed on the table. Once the ball has landed, any winnings are paid and the chips are cleared. The previous 10 results of the roulette wheel spin are displayed above the betting table. Awards are detailed in the pay table. 3.1 Special Numbers Every spin up to 5 Space Invaders will randomly appear above numbered sections on the betting grid. Each Space Invader hit by the Cannon reveals a multiplier which enhances the odds for this outcome. The UFO may also fly during this sequence, if hit by the cannon all multiplier values are doubled. Enhanced odds are applied to all winning single number, split and corner bets. Enhanced odds are half the multiplier value for split bets. Enhanced odds are quarter the multiplier value for corner bets. 3.2 Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 General Information 4.1 Bet Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 4.2 Payback Information The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined and player choices do not affect the return of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is at least 94.74% for all straight up, split and corner bets. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is at least 97.30% for all street, line, dozen, red, black, odd, even, low (1-18) and high (19-36) bets. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. Last modification date: 8/23/2023