Squid Game Gganbu PAYTABLE Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. REEL WAYS™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Winning pays per symbol. All pays in credits. All REEL WAYS™ pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except for the Feature Marbles.The symbol may appear on base game reels 3, 4 and 5. In the base game wilds are persistent and move up 1 reel position for subsequent spins. If a WILD symbol appears over a Marble symbol at the end of a spin, that position acts as both a WILD and a Marble. In Free Spins Feature, the WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5, but is not persistent. FEATURE MARBLES Each Feature Marble that lands during the base game will fly into the corresponding colored bag. Any Feature Marble may trigger the corresponding bag. More than one bag can be triggered on a single spin. Any bag(s) triggered; the corresponding feature will start. The accumulation of Feature Marbles over time in the RED, GREEN and BLUE bags has no effect on triggering the Jackpot Feature or Free Spins Features. JACKPOT FEATURE Any RED Feature Marble landing in the RED bag may trigger the JACKPOT FEATURE. 15 Cookie Tins will be presented, and Cookies are revealed by clicking on them. Cookie Tins will reveal Cookie Symbols or the UPGRADE symbol. Once 3 matching Cookie Symbols have been revealed, the corresponding JACKPOT is awarded. If 3 UPGRADE symbols are revealed before a JACKPOT is awarded, the JACKPOT won is upgraded to the next level. The feature ends when one JACKPOT is awarded to the player. The Jackpot Feature is a scripted player pick feature. The choices the player makes are for entertainment purposes only. FREE SPINS The Free Spins Feature contains up to 243 ways to win. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to Base Game except blue Marble and green Marble do not appear. During the Free Spins Feature, if red Marble lands on the screen, it will award either 1-2 additional spins, a credit prize, MINI or MINOR. Please see internal help pages for details of credit prize. Additionally, 1 or more red Marble that lands on the screen, may also award the Jackpot Feature. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. REEL WAYS™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. All REEL WAYS™ pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. DDAKJI BONUS During the base game, the DDAKJI Bonus may be triggered at random. You will be shown a cash prize on top of the red paper. The win from this bonus is based on the current bet value. After the prize is awarded, the game will continue as normal. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. REEL WAYS™ Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination but may create separate winning combinations. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. The expected return for this game is 94.01%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/30/2025