Toymaker Magic Toymaker Magic is a Bet 20, 243 ways 3x5 Reel slot game with real persistence trigger, Free Games and Jackpots. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.27% with any bet. Game Rules Rules Play bet 20 for 243 Ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels. Land Scatter Hammer and Robot Plan to upgrade all Robot Plans to Robot Toys. Land Scatter Hammer and Teddy Plan to upgrade all Teddy Plans to Teddy Toys. Land Scatter Hammer and Horse Plan to upgrade all Horse Plans to Horse Toys. 20, 30, 40, 50, 100, 150, 200, 300 or 500 credits are available Toy prizes at min bet. Bets can be changed mid way through the 5 spins and spin counters and Toy upgrades are saved for each bet option. Wild Collect replaces Wild Mrs Seal on Spin 5. During Spin 5, land Wild Collect and any Toy to collect prizes or Minor and Major Prizes. All upgraded Toys are removed and turned back to Plans once spin 5 is complete. Spin counter resets back to Spin 1 after 5th spin or Free Games. Toy Prizes are available on the 5th spin of any bought game and Free games. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be used once per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 243 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Free Games Plans Toys Upgrade Robot, Teddy and Horse Plans to Toys in a set of 5 spins to trigger 8 Free Games. Free Games unlocks after the 5th spin. Free Games trigger awards single spin bet back. Land Wild Collect and Toy for prizes, Minor and Major Prizes or 1, 2, 3 or 5 Free Games. Land Scatter Multiplying Hammer together with any Toy and Wild Collect to multiply all prizes and/or Free Games by 2x, 3x or 4x. All wins paying left to right including Scatter Hammer is multiplied by 2x, 3x or 4x. Landing a Wild Collect without a Toy or Scatter Multiplying Hammer awards 1 Free Game. Landing a Wild Collect and Scatter Multiplying Hammer without a Toy awards 2, 3 or 4 Free Games (based on the multiplier displayed on the Scatter Multiplying Hammer). Free games are played at the triggering single spin bet. Free games cannot be retriggered. Minor and Major Prizes Minor and Major prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Landing a Minor or Major Toy lands together with a Wild Collect awards the prize. Minor and Major Prizes may be won more than once. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Free Games. Free Games: Displays the number of Free Games left to play. Spin Counter/Toy Transforms: Displays the transformed Toys and accumulated spins. Wild collect: Displays when Wild collect is available on the reels. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAY TABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY AUTOPLAY options allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. Last modification date: 12/2/2025