The Mask of Zorro Introduction: Atlantic Digital's The Mask of Zorro is under license from LMI. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin, close in-game messages or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Holding down the space bar will result in continued turbo spins. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: The Mask of Zorro is a 5x3, 20 line video slot featuring RESPINS and a Free Spins bonus that includes Colossal symbols. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for BONUS symbols and RESPINS symbols. WILD symbols exist on all reels. Bonus Symbol Rules: BONUS symbols exist on reels 1, 3 & 5 only in the base game and on all non-Colossal reels during Free Spins. BONUS symbols pay anywhere on the reel. 3 BONUS symbols trigger 5 Free Spins. RESPINS Symbol Rules: RESPIN symbols exist on all reels on the base game and on Colossal reels during Free Spins. RESPIN symbols pay anywhere on the reel. 6, 7 or 8 RESPIN symbols trigger Level 1 Respins. 9, 10 or 11 RESPIN symbols trigger Level 2 Respins. 12, 13 or 14 RESPIN symbols trigger Level 3 Respins. 15 RESPIN symbols trigger Level 4 Respins. Respins Rules: Level 1 Respins is played on a 5x3 grid. Level 2 Respins is played on a 5x4 grid with improved cash values compared to Level 1. Level 3 Respins is played on a 5x5 grid with improved cash values compared to Level 2. Level 4 Respins is played on a 5x6 grid with improved cash values compared to Level 3. Any RESPIN symbols that land in the base game and trigger the feature convert to a cash symbol and show a cash value or jackpot. The jackpot values are 25x, 75x, 200x, 1000x and 5000x the players bet. The cash values differ in each level. The cash values in level 1 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x and 10x the players bet. The cash values in level 2 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x,10x, 12x, 15x and 20x the players bet. The cash values in level 3 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x,10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x and 30x the players bet. The cash values in level 4 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x,10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x and 50x the players bet. These cash symbols hold their positions on the grid when transitioning from the base game into RESPINS. The player starts the feature with 3 respins. Each empty position spins independently. Either a cash symbol or a LEVEL UP symbol lands or the position is left empty. If no cash symbols or LEVEL UP symbols land in any of the empty symbol positions, the respin counter goes down by 1. If a cash symbol or a LEVEL UP symbol lands in any of the empty symbol positions, the respin counter is reset to 3. When a RESPIN symbol lands, it holds its place but has no value. If 3 RESPIN symbols land or if the player fills their current grid they progress to the next level. If the player progresses to the next level, the sum of all of the cash values and jackpots that landed in the previous level are collected by a single collector symbol. This collector symbol holds it's position on the grid of the next level. The bonus ends when the player has no respins remaining or they have filled all positions of the Level 4 grid. The first 4 Jackpots can be won in any level. If the player fills all positions on the Level 4 grid they are awarded the Max Jackpot. No additional RESPIN symbols can land during Level 4. At the end of the bonus, all cash values and jackpots are added together and collected. Free Spins Rules: A 3x3 COLOSSAL symbol exists during the Free Spins Bonus. The 3x3 COLOSSAL symbol can land on reels 1, 2 &3 or reels 2, 3 & 4 or reels 3, 4 & 5. BONUS symbols may land on any reel that does not contain the COLOSSAL symbol. 2 additional free spins are awarded for every BONUS symbol that lands during the Free Spins Bonus. There is no cap on the amount of additional free spins that can be awarded. The RESPIN symbol can land as a COLOSSAL symbol during the Free Spins Bonus. If a COLOSSAL RESPINS symbols lands during the Free Spins Bonus it will be counted as 9 individual RESPINS symbols. After the RESPIN Bonus has ended the player will return to the Free Spins Bonus to complete any remaining free spins. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy The Free Spins Bonus or the RESPINS Bonus from the base game. Paying 35x the players regular bet triggers the Free Spins Bonus with a RTP of 94.49%. Paying 70x the players regular bet triggers RESPINS with a RTP of 94.48%. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.43%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/28/2026