Thor Infinity Reels Thor Reels Megaways TM Thor Infinity Reels TM is an innovative slot game with Infinity Reels mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. This game has a popular Jackpot Respins feature. Thor’s hammer will reveal prizes and jackpots up to 2000x! Every time the hammer lands on a reel – you get extra reel and remaining respins is reset to 3! When the player reach reel 15 – the Infinity Bonus is awarded, it pays 888x total bet. On relevant jurisdictions the buy feature is available. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.20% RTP with Buy Feature is: 96.60% Rules Wild THOR substitutes for all symbols except HAMMER. Scatter Jackpot Respins are triggered when 6 or more Hammer appear. Jackpots Each HAMMER awards a prize or jackpot in the Jackpot Respins. Symbol Pays Symbols pay from left to right except Hammer where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Base Bet is equal Total Bet divided by 20. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins except Hammer. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Infinity Bonus A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any game round that results in 12 or more reels being added. This can occur during normal spins or during Jackpot Respins. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. Jackpot Respins Jackpot Respins are triggered when 6 or more Hammer appear. 3 respins are awarded. All Hammer symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new Hammer symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Each time a reel is filled with 4 Hammer symbols, a new reel is added to the right and spun. Upon completion of respins, each Hammer symbol awards a prize or jackpot prize. Grand jackpot prize is 2000 x total bet. Major jackpot prize is 250 x total bet. Minor jackpot prize is 50 x total bet. Mini jackpot prize is 10 x total bet. All jackpot prizes can be awarded multiple times in a single feature. Non-jackpot prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Jackpot prizes are not progressive. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Hammer prize/jackpot wins. Jackpot Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Thor symbols do not appear during Jackpot Respins. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Jackpot Respins. Buy Bonus The player may opt to buy a Jackpot Respins feature. The cost to buy is 100x bet per spin. A spin is played that will trigger the Jackpot Respins. The triggering spin will have from 6 to 15 reels, and from 7 to 24 scatters to start the Jackpot Respins. The Infinity Bonus may be triggered from the triggering spin. Game Rules Player selects a Total Bet size. Base Bet is equal Total Bet divided by 20. Symbols pay from left to right except Hammer where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Hammer symbols award the prize/ jackpot displayed on them at the conclusion of Jackpot Respins. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. Thor substitutes for all symbols except Hammer. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to Player is: - Regular Game: 96.20% - Buy Feature: 96.60% How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 11/29/2022