Thor 10K Ways Help File Thor 10K Ways™ is a slot game with 10K Ways™ mechanics, offering up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Theoretical Return to Player is 96.08% Rules WILD THOR substitutes for all symbols except HAMMER. THOR appears on top reel only. SCATTER 6 or more HAMMER trigger the Bonus Respins. MJÖLNIR BONUSES Each HAMMER awards a prize or bonus in the Bonus Respins. 10K BONUS GRAND BONUS MAJOR BONUS MINOR BONUS MINI BONUS BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more HAMMER appear. 3 respins are awarded. All HAMMER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new HAMMER symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with HAMMER symbols. Upon completion of respins, each HAMMER symbol awards a prize or bonus prize. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. 10K, Grand and Major bonus prizes may only be awarded once per feature. 10K bonus prize is 10,000 x total bet. Grand bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. NEAR MISS BONUS The Near Miss Bonus is triggered when exactly 5 HAMMER symbols appear on the reels (after any explosions have finished). Each of the 5 HAMMER symbols award their displayed prize or bonus prize. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per Near Miss Bonus. 10K, Grand and Major bonus prizes may only be awarded once per Near Miss Bonus. The Near Miss Bonus is played at the bet of the triggering spin. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over HAMMER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. THOR substitutes for all symbols except HAMMER. THOR appears on the top reel only. During the base game and Near Miss Bonus, HAMMER appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only, and does not appear on the top reel. During Bonus Respins, HAMMER appears on all reels including the top reel. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except HAMMER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Landscape Portrait Bonus Meters Show Bonus amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins.. Last modification date: 10/25/2023