Twistar Introduction Twistar is a 6x4 random slot game with 40 win lines, mystery symbols and expanding wilds. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your bet multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 40 win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the mystery symbol. Features Mystery Landing six mystery symbols in view in the base game will activate the mystery symbols. When mystery symbols are activated, all mystery symbols in view will transform into the same randomly selected symbol. Mystery symbols are available on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Expanding Wilds Expanding wilds are available on reels 4, 5 and 6. When expanding wilds land in view, they will expand to fill their reel aperture and deliver a re-spin. During a re-spin, any stacks of wilds on reels 4, 5 and/or 6 will rotate onto reels 3, 2 and/or 1 respectively. One or more mystery symbols in view will activate and transform during a re-spin game. Expanding wilds landing on reels 4, 5 and/or 6 can generate further re-spins where any stack of wild already on reels 1, 2 and 3 become sticky for the duration of re-spins A stack of wilds landing on a sticky stack will increment a multiplier for that stack. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The expected payback for the game is at least 95.08%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/18/2022