Top Strike Championship Top Strike Championship is a 5 reel slot game with Free Games Feature, Treble Bet Bonus and Knockout Stage Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 20 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.999%. GAME RULES Play 20 paylines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and Golden Tickets All wins occur on selected lines except scatter Malfunction voids all pays and plays Holding down the spin button activates Autoplay Clicking anywhere on the reels in the Main Game will stop the current spin FREE GAMES FEATURE Free Games are awarded when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels 3 Scatter awards 10 Free Games 4 Scatter awards 15 Free Games 5 Scatter awards 20 Free Games Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game Free Games are played on an alternative set of reel strips and icons There are no Scatter symbols in the Free Games Free Games cannot be retriggered during Free Games TREBLE BET BONUS Treble Bet Bonus can only be awarded during Free Games “Golden Tickets" are placed on reel 5 during Free Games When the "Golden Tickets" appears the Treble Bet Bonus is immediately awarded Select 3 of 6 teams to make your Treble Bet Bonus Prizes will be awarded only on winning teams that you select If all your picks win the "Knockout Stage" bonus game will be triggered If you do not make the Knockout Stage, you will be returned to finish any remaining Free Games The "Treble Bet Bonus" can be awarded multiple times during Free Games KNOCKOUT STAGE BONUS Knockout Stage bonus can only be awarded during the "Treble Bet" Bonus The goal of the game is to pick a winner in each of the 4 rounds If the team you pick in the round wins their match, you will be taken to the next stage If your team does not win their match, the bonus game will end and you will be returned to finish any remaining Free Games Each selection will award a Credit prize whether they win or lose How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels STOP: Stop the reels AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available number of Autoplays are from 0 to 100. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once Autoplay begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. HOME: Accesses Casino menu SETTINGS: Accesses the SETTING page for INFO and MUTE options SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: Menu: Accesses Bet settings which allows adjustment of the BET INFO: Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects If Loss Exceeds: Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. Keyboard Shortcuts: Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 10/14/2020