Thoro Game rules Thoro is a 5 reels, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and 178 connecting paylines. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Thoro is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins. Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. Thoro and Loki are available in both normal mode and bonus mode. The lightning symbol is a scatter symbol. Four or more lightning symbols anywhere on the game grid pay the current bet level times the corresponding multiplier in the Lightning paytable. Hitting 12 lightning symbols pays the remaining amount required to reach the maximum win. The Lightning paytable can be upgraded to higher payout levels. The respective multipliers for hitting 4 up to 11 lightning symbols increase when the Lightning paytable is upgraded. The reward for hitting 12 lightning symbols is fixed and is not affected by the upgrade. The lightning symbols can only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4, so the maximum number is 12. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Thoro, Loki, Mjolnir, lightning and bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. Two or more Loki symbols on the game grid award one Loki Respin, during which the Loki symbols lock into position and stay sticky. Additional Loki symbols that appear during a Loki Respin award one additional respin regardless of the number of Loki symbols. Landing Thoro when Loki symbols are in view or landing one or more Loki symbols when Thoro is in view, trigger the Thoro Thunder Strike feature. Thoro is a Walking Wild symbol that moves leftwards until he spins out from the first reel, generating one respin for each step. There can only be one Thoro in view at all times. Lightning and bonus symbols are sticky during Thoro respins. The payout of the lightning symbols and the potentially triggered bonus game is only triggered when Thoro spins out. Landing Thoro when Loki symbols are in view or landing one or more Loki symbols when Thoro is in view, trigger the Thoro Thunder Strike feature. During the Thoro Thunder Strike feature, Thoro moves vertically and horizontally to knock all Loki symbols off. Thoro continues to charge until all Loki symbols are defeated. Thoro starts by charging Loki symbols on the same reel. He then looks to the left and continues to charge to the left as long as there are additional Loki symbols. He finally looks to the right and charge all Loki symbols on his right side. Thoro leaves a trail of wild symbols behind when charging and knocking Loki symbols off the game grid. The hammer Mjolnir is a special blocker symbol that can only appear as long as it has not been pulled by Thoro. Thoro pulls the hammer Mjolnir towards him when they simultaneously appear on the game grid, triggering the Mjolnir feature. Thoro can randomly upgrade the payout level of the Lightning paytable, or increase his own multiplier as long as the Mjolnir feature is active. Thoro continues to carry Mjolnir and the Mjolnir feature remains active for the remainder of the game round. Thoro pulls the hammer Mjolnir towards him activating the Mjolnir feature before activating the Thoro Thunder Strike in case both the Mjolnir and Loki symbols appear simultaneously on the game grid. Activating the Mjolnir feature awards a respin as long as there is not a pending Thoro Thunder Strike. There is a random chance that Thoro upgrades the Lightning paytable, or his own multiplier on every Thoro respin as long as the Mjolnir feature is active. 3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view trigger the bonus game. Bonus symbols are also lightning symbols. They only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4. In Super Bonus, the Lightning paytable starts at the highest payout level, and Thoro carries both Mjolnir and a multiplier. No free spins are consumed during Loki Respins or Thoro respins. The bonus game ends when no free spins remain, or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Thoro is 94.0%. The game will be capped at 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 4/23/2025