Thundering Eclipse Thundering Eclipse™ is a Bet 30, 243 Ways 3x5 Reel slot game with a Respin feature, Upgraded Respin and Free Games feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.11% with any bet. Game Rules Thundering Eclipse Rules Play bet 30 for 243 Ways. All wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins multiplied by bet multiplier except Scatter Moon which is multiplied by total bet. Wild Statue substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERS. Wild Statue appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTERS. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Each symbol can be u sed once per winning combination. Lightning Bolt prizes are only collected once Respin is triggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Upgraded Respin When one or more {Lightning Bolt} lands on screen it may increase the Thunder Cloud meter. When collecting there is a chance that the Thunder Cloud meter may fill, triggering the Upgraded Respins. On Upgraded Respins trigger the screen is struck with lightning and may add additional {Lightning Bolt} onto the screen. If Upgraded Respin is triggered then Respins are not triggered. The accumulation of {Lightning Bolt} over time in Thunder Cloud has no effect on triggering the Upgraded Respins. 3 initial Respins are awarded. Upgraded Respins are played with two screens. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Active reels are the same for the secondary screen. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any Lightning Bolt landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Respins. Upgraded Respin is played at the triggering bet. Upgraded Respin can only be triggered during the Base Game. Respin 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Respins. 3 initial Respins are awarded. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Respins. Respins are played at the triggering bet. Jackpot GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot prizes are progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot. Higher Bet Multipliers after Bet Multiplier 5 increase MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes. MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Jackpot prizes are collected when a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND Lightning Bolt lands on a Respin triggering spin or within an active reel/s during Respins. Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Jackpots. MINI and MINOR Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Respin feature. The following contributions are made from each bet: 1.5% of the bet is contributed to the GRAND Jackpot. 16.67% of the contributions are set aside for the next jackpot. The next GRAND Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 800000 credits plus the 16.67% set aside. 1% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. The next MAJOR Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 100000 credits. The Progressive Jackpot prizes cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. GRAND and MAJOR can be awarded more than once per round. Any subsequent Grand in the same round awards 800000 credits without any pooled increment. Any subsequent Major in the same round awards 100000 credits without any pooled increment. The respective Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. There exists theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot amount may differ. If a player is in a feature and another player has won a Progressive Jackpot then the same displayed Progressive Jackpot amount will differ to that on the server. This difference will be that the displayed Progressive Jackpot will not yet be updated to the re-seeded value on the server. The displayed Progressive Jackpot will update to the server Progressive Jackpot value, at the conclusion of: o Free Games, o Respins & o Upgraded Respins Wild Upgrade Respin Wild Statue appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Any two or more Wild Statue triggers Wild Upgrade Respin. Respin positions may upgrade the symbols to Wild Statue. Wins are evaluated after the respins are completed. Wild Upgrade Respin only triggers in a winning combination. Free Games 3, 4 or 5 {Scatter Moon} triggers 8, 15 or 30 Free Games respectively. Wild Upgrade Respin can be triggered during the Free Games. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Respins. At the conclusion of Respins, the game returns to any Free Games remaining. Free Games are played at the triggering bet. Free Games can be retriggered. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to instantly trigger the Bonus. Bonus Buy presents 2 options for the player: "Buy Respins" and "Buy Upgraded Respins". The cost of the "Buy Respins" and "Buy Upgraded Respins" options are displayed above the respective button. Selecting "Buy Respins" and "Buy Upgraded Respins" purchases that Bonus for the respective amounts indicated. The Bonus Feature is played at the current Bet Multiplier. Bonus Buy is available in selected jurisdictions. 243 Ways For all symbols except scatters, winning combinations pay through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 respectively. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields. Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during respins. Respin: Displays the number of respins left to play. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. BONUS BUY This is the Bonus Buy buttons that allows access to the Bonus Buy functionality. BUY RESPINS Buy Respin Button to confirm purchase of Respins at price displayed. BUY UPGRADED RESPINS Buy Upgraded Respin Button to confirm purchase of Upgraded Respins at price displayed.