Tiki Infinity Reels Megaways Tiki Infinity Reels Megaways TM is an innovative slot game with new mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 2-5 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Combined with Megaways TM mechanic - Each win may bring you a chain of reactions of additional wins. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the Infinity Bonus. On 15th reel, the player is awarded the Infinity Bonus Prize of 888x total bet. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.07% Rules Wild GOLD TIKI substitutes for all symbols except VOLCANO. Scatter Any VOLCANO symbol win triggers Free Spins. Symbol Pays All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, except VOLCANO which pay any. Symbols must appear left to right on at least 3 reels to form a win (except VOLCANO). Symbol wins (except VOLCANO) are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of ways for the symbol. VOLCANO pays any, where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. VOLCANO wins are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of VOLCANO symbols. Player selects a Total Bet size. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 30. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of Megaways TM to win. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. The Symbol Multiplier is not reset between Free Spins. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Infinity Bonus A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any spin that results in 12 or more reels being added. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. Free Spins Any VOLCANO symbol win triggers 10 Free Spins. The Symbol Multiplier is not reset on trigger of or between individual Free Spins. During Free Spins, an extra Free Spin is awarded for every two additional reels that are added in a single spin. Any VOLCANO symbol win during Free Spins awards an extra 4 spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Game Rules All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, except VOLCANO which pay any. Symbols must appear left to right on at least 3 reels to form a win (except VOLCANO). Symbol wins (except VOLCANO) are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of ways for the symbol. VOLCANO pays any, where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. VOLCANO wins are calculated as the symbol value found in the Paytable, multiplied by the number of VOLCANO symbols. Each reel can have up to 5 symbols Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. GOLD TIKI substitutes for all symbols except VOLCANO. GOLD TIKI can only appear on reel 2 and onwards. There is a maximum game round win cap of 10,000 x total bet If at any point during a game round the total win for the game round reaches 10,000 x total bet or more, the game round ends immediately, and 10,000 x total bet is awarded (Any Free Spins and/or Free Spin triggers are cancelled when the 10,000 x total bet win cap is reached). The Infinity Bonus is included in the win cap (if it breaks the win cap it is reduced accordingly) Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 12/20/2022