The Count GAME INFO - The Count ABOUT THE GAME Welcome to The Count’s castle - where the night is alive and the creatures are not! Here, bats fly like they’re late for a party, headless skeletons dance a jig, and The Count’s tailored tails are sharp, just like his bite. With a cheeky wink, he joins the night’s grand ball, counting flaps and claps as he dances down the hall. From spooky crypt corners to the towers up high, his castle’s a playground beneath the starry sky! The Count is here, but have no fear, in this 5-reel, 5-row game with paylines, a max win of up to 12 500 times your bet is available in every game mode. See you at midnight! FEATURES EXPANDED BLOODY WILDS When a Blood symbol lands, it expands into a Bloody Wild if the expanded symbol is a part of at least 1 winning combination once expanded. Bloody Wilds expand downward, from the top of the grid to the landed Blood symbol. Blood symbols that land on the top row will still be counted as expanded Bloody Wilds if part of a win. Expanded Bloody Wilds count as Wild on every position the expanded symbol covers. Only 1 Blood symbol can land on a reel at a time. When a Bloody Wild expands, it can just be Wild, or it can reveal a Multiplier, which is applied to the entire Bloody Wild. When an expanded Bloody Wild participates in a winning combination, the value of the win is multiplied by the shown value. If a winning combination includes more than 1 expanded Bloody Wild with a Multiplier, the Multiplier values will be added together and then applied to the win. Expanded Bloody Wilds can have the following Adding Multiplier values: Wild, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 500x. WILD BAT SYMBOLS When a Wild Bat symbol lands, it will have one of the following Adding Multiplier values: Wild, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 500x. When a Wild Bat symbol participates in a winning combination, the value of the win is combined with the Wild Bat’s Multiplier value. If more than 1 Wild Bat symbol is part of the same winning combination, their values are added together before being applied to the win. If a winning combination includes an expanded Bloody Wild and a Wild Bat symbol, the two Multiplier values will be added together and then applied to the wins. When an Epic Wild Bat symbol lands, it will have one of the following Adding Multiplier values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 500x. When an Epic Wild Bat symbol lands on the grid, it will activate and spread its value to all expanded Bloody Wilds and other Wild Bat symbols on the grid. Only 1 Epic Wild Bat symbol can land per spin. BONUS GAME - BAT TO THE BONE Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the base game's mechanics, increasing the chance of landing Wild Bat symbols! The minimum Multiplier value in this bonus is 2x. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. BONUS GAME - REST IN PIECES Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the base game's mechanics. Additionally, a progressive Symbol Counter is displayed outside the grid, with 5 sections linked to each of the 5 low-paying symbols. Each time that low-paying symbol creates a win, one section fills up on the corresponding Symbol Counter. When all 5 sections are full, it activates on the next free spin, replacing all corresponding low-paying symbols with Wild Bat symbols for the rest of the bonus! The minimum Multiplier value in this bonus is 2x. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - COUNT ON BLOOD Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game The Hidden Epic Bonus keeps the mechanics of the REST IN PIECES bonus with an increased chance of landing Epic Wild Bat symbols! Guaranteed at least 5 Wild Bat symbols on each spin! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 95.31%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild Bat and Epic Wild Bat symbols substitute for all symbols in the paytable. FS, Wild Bat and Epic Wild Bat symbols cannot land above a Blood symbol on the same reel. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 75.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 12 500 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + B or F - Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page - SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 - Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 - FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + ENTER - Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 1/13/2026