Temple of Light 1 Introduction Temple of Light is a 5x3 slot game with 20 win lines always in play. There are two reel modifiers that can occur in the base game. Landing 3 scatter symbols in view triggers free spins. There are two types of free spins that the player can choose to play. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 20 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. For a line win to be awarded symbols, or their substitute, must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scatter symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and free spins. 4 Multiplier Wild game A multiplier wild game occurs when the left statue becomes active at random at the start of a spin. Any wilds in view at the end of the spin change into multiplier wilds. Any line wins present are multiplied according to the number of wilds that appear in the reel window – 1 wild – 2x multiplier 2 wilds – 3x multiplier 3 wilds – 4x multiplier 4 wilds – 5x multiplier 5 wilds – 10x multiplier Multiplier wild games can occur in the base game and in free spins. 5 Expanding Wild game An expanding wild game occurs when the right statue becomes active at random at the start of a spin. Any wilds in view at the end of the spin change into expanding wilds. These wilds will duplicate themselves onto all positions of each reel they land on. Expanding wild games can occur in the base game and in free spins. 6 Expanding Multiplier Wild game An expanding multiplier wild game occurs when both statues becomes active at random at the start of a spin. Any wilds in view at the end of the spin change into expanding multiplier wilds. These wilds will duplicate themselves onto all positions of each reel they land on, and any line wins present are multiplied according to the number of wilds that appear in the reel window – 1 wild – 2x multiplier 2 wilds – 3x multiplier 3 wilds – 4x multiplier 4 wilds – 5x multiplier 5 wilds – 10x multiplier Expanding multiplier wild games can only occur in free spins. 7 Bonus Trigger 3 Bonus symbols in view triggers Free Spins. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. 8 Choose a Bonus There are two types of Free Spins bonus to choose from – BONUS 1 12 Normal Free Spins are awarded. On every spin at least one statue will be active. If 3 scatter symbols land in view, 12 more Normal Free Spins are awarded. BONUS 2 (High Volatility!) Between 3 and 6 Super Free Spins are selected at random. On every spin both statues will be active. If 3 scatter symbols land in view, between 3 and 6 more Super Free Spins are awarded. Touch one of the panels to select a bonus type. 9 General Information 9.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 9.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.51%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 95.51%. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays.