Money Link The Great Immortals Money Link The Great Immortals is a Bet 20, 40-line 3x5 Reel slot game with Free Spins and Money Link Feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and 3. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.00% with any bet. Game Rules 20 Coins plays 40 lines. Wild Ingot is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Jade, Scatter Coin and Mystery Symbol. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatter Jade and Scatter Coin which pays any. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier except Scatter Jade and Scatter Coin which are multiplied by total bet. Mini, Minor, Major, Mega and GRAND are fixed, are not progressive and are not multiplied by the total bet or bet multiplier. Mini, Minor, Major and Mega prizes may be won more than once in every Money Link Feature. All wins on selected paylines only except Scatter Jade and Scatter Coin. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win only on each selected payline except Scatter Jade and Scatter Coin win. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Ingot Substitutes for all symbols except , , and Appears in Base Game and Free Spins only. Scatter Jade 3 awards Free Spins. 3 pays 2. Appears in Base Game only. Appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Scatter Coin 6 or more awards Money Link Feature. Appears in Base Game and Money Link Feature only. Prizes range from x1 to x75 and include Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. Mystery Symbol During Base Game, Mystery Symbols reveal to be any other symbol except Scatter Jade. Appears in Base Game and Free Spins only. Free Spins 3 Scatter Jade triggers 8 Free Spins. All Mystery Symbols reveal to be any other symbol except Scatter Coin or Scatter Jade. All Mystery Symbols lock in place for the remaining Free Spins. Every Free Spin, a single new symbol is chosen to replace all locked in Mystery Symbols. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins are played at the triggering lines and bet. Money LinkTM Feature 6, 7, 8, 9,10,11,12,13, 14 or 15 Scatter Coin triggers Money Link Feature. 3 initial spins are awarded. Triggering Scatter Coin are held throughout the Money Link Feature. All positions not containing a Scatter Coin will spin. Any subsequent Scatter Coin symbols are held and spins reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Money Link Feature. The player is awarded all the shown prizes. The GRAND prize is awarded if all reel window positions are held. Money Link is played at the triggering bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free spins. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY. View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOPAUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the coin value. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 9/5/2023