The Green Machine Deluxe Power Bet GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. Select Bet Multiplier. Click the Spin button to spin the reel. All 5 reels are always in play. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. The Jackpot is not available during the Free Spins. Value Symbols appearing in any position on a played reel, with a credit value on it, awards a scatter pay. Win the sum of the displayed credit values played on all reels. Win the sum of the displayed credit values on all played reels times the bet multiplier. Free Games Rules During the base game, 1 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels starts the Free Spins. Free Spins Bonus symbol may appear with 1, 3, or 5 free spins displayed. Win the sum of the displayed free spins on all played reels. Free Spins Value Symbols appearing in any position on a played reel, with a credit value on it, awards a scatter pay. Win the sum of the displayed credit values played on all reels. Win the sum of the displayed credit values on all played reels times the bet multiplier. Free Spins uses different reels. Free Spins are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Spins. 1 or more Free Spins Bonus Symbol may appear with 1, 3, or 5 free spins displayed. Win the sum of the displayed free spins on all played reels. The Free Spins ends when 0 free games remain. Jackpot Features At any time during the base game a jackpot symbol landing anywhere on reel 1 awards 20 times the total bet. At any time during the base game a jackpot symbol landing anywhere on reel 2 awards 40 times the total bet. At any time during the base game a jackpot symbol landing anywhere on reel 3 awards 200 times the total bet. At any time during the base game a jackpot symbol landing anywhere on reel 4 awards 400 times the total bet. At any time during the base game a jackpot symbol landing anywhere on reel 5 awards 1000 times the total bet. Power Bet Features At any time during the base game the player is allowed to make a {Power Bet} at a cost of 10X, 20X, or 40X the currently selected total bet to activate the {Power Bet} feature for 15, 20, or 25 bets, respectively. The player can make this bet by clicking the {Power Bet} button and then clicking the option of their choice on the confirmation screen. After making a {Power Bet}, the subsequent affected bets have an increased chance to win.At the start of the {Power Bet} the size of the reels increase by 1 row. After each set of 5 bets during the {Power Bet} feature the reels increase by an additional row. Selecting 15 bets will result in the reels increasing to a maximum of 6 rows by the end of the {Power Bet} feature. Selecting 20 bets will result in the reels increasing to a maximum of 7 rows by the end of the {Power Bet} feature. Selecting 25 bets will result in the reels increasing to a maximum of 8 rows by the end of the {Power Bet} feature. When the {Power Bet} feature completes the reels return to their original size. Each set of 5 bets during the {Power Bet} feature are played on different reels. Placing a bet at a different bet multiplier will forfeit the {Power Bet} effect on any remaining bets for that {Power Bet} feature. The total cost to make a {Power Bet} as well as play the affected bets is equal to 25X, 40X, or 65X the currently selected total bet for selecting 15, 20, or 25 affected bets, respectively. A {Power Bet} cannot be made while a {Power Bet} is already in effect. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 95% Last modification date: 5/17/2022