Toss Boss LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins A winning bet occurs when the bean bag is tossed into the hole during the game round. If the bet does not result in the bean bag being tossed into the hole, the next bet can be started while the bean bag is still midair. On a winning bet, players can be awarded up to 15 Credit Prizes and up to 3 symbols. 3 symbols award the Progressive Pick Bonus. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier Feature may randomly be activated if 10 or fewer prizes are awarded on any winning bet. When the Multiplier Feature is activated, a Random Multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7 will appear. All Credit Prizes will be multiplied by the Random Multiplier. Progressive Pick Bonus The Progressive Pick Bonus is initiated when 3 symbols are awarded on a winning bet. During the Progressive Pick Bonus, the player continues picking until 3 coins fill the meter under a jackpot. The Progressive Jackpot above the filled meter is awarded. The Multiplier Feature is not active during the Progressive Pick Bonus. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Pick Bonus must be awarded in order to win 1 of 3 Progressive Jackpots. The 3 Progressive Jackpots are: Minor, Major, and Mega. If 3 Minors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Minor Progressive is awarded. If 3 Majors are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Major Progressive is awarded. If 3 Megas are uncovered during the Progressive Pick Bonus, the value of the Mega Progressive is awarded. Only 1 Progressive Jackpot is awarded during the Progressive Pick Bonus. Each bet multiplier has its own progressive jackpots and contributions. Those unique progressives and contributions can only be achieved on the associated bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .17% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. .21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at the minimum bet are: Mega: $900.00 Major: $150.00 Minor: $45.00 The start-up values are multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 4/30/2025