Tiger Rush Game Rules 1. Tiger Rush is a video slot with 5 reels and 10 fixed pay lines with both ways in the Base game and 25 fixed pay lines with both ways in the Bonus game. The game features expanding wilds and bonus game with free spins. The theoretical return to player is 96.3%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 4. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 5. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 6. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 7. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out in combinations according to the pay table. 8. The wild symbols substitutes for any other symbol except the scatter symbol. The wild symbol occurs on the middle reels and always expands, covering a whole reel. 1 (or more) wild symbols always grant 1 extra free spin. 9. The Scatter symbol appears on the first and the last reel. 10. The Bonus game is triggered by either 2 scatters, or 1 scatter and 1 adjacent wild. These combinations can occur together. The amount of free spins won, correlates to the number of combinations that triggered the Bonus game. 11. When entering the Bonus game, the middle reels expand from 3 to 5 symbols. 12. No bets can be altered during a game round. 13. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are discharged. Note: The Tiger Rush video slot is referred to as Tiger Rush, The Game or Game. Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Display game round details (separate window). Toggle vibration on/off. Toggles fastplay on/off. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. Last modification date: 10/17/2018