Tropicool 3 Tropicool 3 is a 6 columns and 6 rows slot with dropping symbols, a 3 row feature Cool Reel and 46,656 ways to win. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, the maximum bet is $ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins All wins, except for bird symbols, begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on the consecutive reels. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free drops. The Wild symbols substitute for any paying symbol except birds. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol. The Cool Reel on the top of the main grid comprises 3 rows with feature symbols, empty ice cubes and empty cells. Feature symbols become active when they drop down into the main grid. Ice cubes are spacers. A game round starts in Normal mode with new symbols dropping into the main grid and new feature symbols sliding in from the right in the Cool reel. Each winning combination in the main grid is paid and the symbols, except unspent Locked Wild symbols, are removed from the grid while the remaining symbols drop down. The feature symbols in the Cool Reel above empty cells drop down into the main grid followed by new symbols refilling the main grid. The Cool Reel is refilled from the right, pushing all symbols to the left. Any new winning combinations are paid and this avalanche repeats until no more wins. Any Mystery symbols, Row Swap symbols and Bonus triggers will then be activated in that order. Any paying and feature symbol except the Elmo, birds and Bonus symbols can appear as big symbols in size of 2x2 and 3x3 cells. Big symbols pay as the amount of regular 1x1 symbols they cover. I.e. a 2x2 big symbol is 4 regular symbols and a 3x3 big symbol is 9 regular symbols. A big feature symbol dropping down from the Cool Reel into the main grid will crush and remove underlying paying symbols and fall down to the bottom. Feature and big symbols cannot be crushed and will therefore stop a big symbol from falling down further. If an entire big symbol cannot completely drop down from the Cool Reel into the main grid, it will split into regular 1x1 symbols allowing some of them to drop down. A big symbol in the main grid with at least 1 empty cell below it, will crush and remove underlying symbols and fall down to the bottom. Feature and big symbols cannot be crushed and will therefore stop the big symbol from further falling down. If a big symbol drop ends with empty cells below it, it will replicate and fill the empty cells with regular 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol. The Bird symbols appear in heights of 1-6 vertical symbols. 3 or more birds of the same colour anywhere on the grid is a win and pays scattered. The payout is the bird's value multiplied by the product of the birds' respective heights. For example, for a bird value of 0.3 and 3 birds of height 1, 5 and 3, the payout is 0.3*1*5*3=4.5 in relation to your bet. The Elmo feature symbol is a 1x2 sloth character triggering redrops and scaring birds into Wild symbols. The Elmo drops down from the Cool Reel as inactive in size 1x1 or if space allows as active in size 1x2. If inactive, Elmo will become active whenever space allows growing in the following drops. An active Elmo symbol scares birds, replaces them with Wild or Locked Wild symbols and triggers the Elmo redrops. Bonus and Locked Wild symbols remain during the redrops. Elmo walks 1 column to the right for every redrop lasting until Elmo has left the rightmost column. Elmo is still active during the last redrop. The Locked Wild feature symbol is a Wild symbol charged to last for 3 winnings. It is removed after the last win. Locked Wild symbols remain in the main grid between free drops in the bonus game. The Mystery symbols are revealed when there are no more winnings in a symbol drop. All Mystery symbols will reveal the same paying symbol, except bird symbols. A new winning combination can occur resuming the avalanche. The Row Swap feature symbol replaces all symbols on a row to one and the same symbol. One of the paying symbols on the row is selected to replace all other symbols on the same row. The feature is activated at the end of the avalanche after any winnings and Mystery symbols are revealed. Different Row Swap feature symbols on separate rows may replace to different symbols. Any additional Row Swap feature symbols on the same row will extend the symbol replacement to its column. Any symbol position that would be replaced to different symbols due to two Row Swap actions, will be replaced to a Wild symbol. A big paying symbol in a Row Swap will be completely replaced. If it is part of 2 or more Row Swaps that would replace with different symbols, it will instead be replaced with a Wild symbol. A big Row Swap feature symbol will replace all symbols on the covered rows to the same symbol. A bird symbol in a Row Swap will be replaced on the intersecting row and new smaller birds will be created in the remaining bird symbol positions. Elmo and Bonus symbols in a Row Swap will be temporarily replaced for a possible winning combination, and then revert back. Wild symbols will not be replaced in a Row Swap. 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the main grid at the end of a symbol drop in normal mode triggers the free drops bonus game starting with a win multiplier of x1. 3 Bonus symbols: 6 free drops 4 Bonus symbols: 9 free drops 5 Bonus symbols: 12 free drops 6 Bonus symbols: 15 free drops In the bonus game, the Cool Reel also contains the following additional feature symbols, which are triggered when dropping down from the Cool reel: Extra Drops: Adds 1, 2 or 3 extra free Win Multiplier: Adds x1, x2 or x3 to the win They cannot appear as big symbols. The bonus game starts with a new set of symbols in the grid and new feature symbols in the Cool Reel. The Cool Reel is re-populated with new feature symbols for every free drop. Locked Wild symbols in the main grid remain between free drops until fully used. A game round ends if the maximum win is reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. No bets can be changed during a game round. The game has a maximum win of 25 000x the bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. X-iter rules The X-iter feature offers buy-in to different game modes. SUPER BONUS: Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game, with the win multiplier starting at x10. Cost is 500x the bet. BUY BONUS: Buy a game round triggering the Bonus game. Cost is 100x the bet. ELMO: Buy a game round with guaranteed Elmo Redrops. Cost is 50x the bet. TURBO SPINS: Play 25 spins faster in one buy. Cost is 25x the bet. BIG BLOCKS: Buy a game round with a guaranteed big symbol dropping into the main grid and in the Cool Reel. Cost is 10x the bet. An X-iter feature is purchased by pressing the X-iter button, selecting X-iter mode showing the cost in the player's currency, and pressing the Spin button. The X-iter features can only be activated in the base game Last modification date: 6/6/2025