The Trolls Treasure The Trolls' Treasure™ is a 50 lines, 4x5 Reel slot game with Free Spins and a Wheel Bonus. The Theoretical Return to Player is: Regular Game : 96.74% Wheel Buy Bonus : 97.70% Free Spins Buy Bonus : 97.61% Rules WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except WHEEL and TREE. BONUS 3 scattered WHEEL triggers the WHEEL BONUS. WHEEL appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. SCATTER 3 scattered TREE triggers 15 FREE SPINS. TREE appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. TREE wins are added to payline wins. WHEEL BONUS 3 scattered WHEEL triggers the WHEEL BONUS. 3 leftmost wheels have prizes and arrow symbols. Rightmost wheel has prizes only. Arrow symbols move the current wheel one position to the left or to the right, depending on the direction of the arrow. Prize which lands on the current wheel is awarded after that wheel is spun. Prizes on the wheel can be 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 10x, 20x, 50x or 1000x the total bet. When a leftward arrow (" ⮜ ") lands on the leftmost wheel, or a prize is won on the rightmost reel, the Bonus is complete. FREE SPINS 3 scattered TREE triggers 15 FREE SPINS. Extra WILD, CHEST, KING TROLL, QUEEN TROLL, OLD TROLL and BOY TROLL symbols are added to reels during FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS are played at the same lines and bet as the triggering spin. WHEEL BONUS can be triggered during FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS can be retriggered. BUY BONUS (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to buy a WHEEL BONUS or 15 FREE SPINS. The cost to buy a WHEEL BONUS is 17 x bet per spin. The cost to buy 15 FREE SPINS is 31.2 x bet per spin. A spin is played that will trigger the selected bonus. GAME RULES Play 50 Lines. Player selects a Total Bet size. Bet Per Line is equal to Total Bet divided by 50. WILD substitutes for all symbols except WHEEL and TREE. WHEEL appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. TREE appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Highest win paid on each line. TREE wins are added to payline wins. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels except TREE (which pays any). All wins are multiplied by the Bet Per Line except TREE. TREE wins are multiplied by Total Bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAME RECOVERY In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. Menu Home The home button returns you to the casino lobby. Real play This option allows you to change from play for fun mode in to real money mode. Deposit When in real money mode, choose this option to add funds to your account. Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. History The clock symbol surrounded by an arrow allows you to view your recent game history. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. If a bet has been placed and remains unsettled after 90 days, it will become void and be forfeited to charity. Last modification date: 1/22/2025