The Godfather : The Offer GAME RULES Welcome to THE GODFATHER: THE OFFER, with CASH-UP cash on reels, the GODFATHER'S OFFER gamble and THE DON'S DOUBLE UP! ABOUT THE GAME Collect CASH and win big with the GODFATHER'S OFFER feature! Look out for super high GOLD GF CASH for wins up to x5000! GODFATHER'S OFFERS Land 5 or more CASH SEAL symbols on any spin to trigger the GODFATHER'S OFFER feature. Some seals will have cash values on them, some will be marked with a “?” to indicate that they are mystery values. The GODFATHER will appear, you must decide to: TAKE THE OFFER: Win the offer value shown in the panel (click the button with the GODFATHER icon) CASH FROM REELS: Reveal the mystery values, and collect all CASH values shown on the reels (click the button with the CASH icon) Mystery values are drawn at random from the available options at the current cash level. CASH-UP METER All landed cash seals also contribute to the CASH-UP METER. Every 25 collected will result in the CASH values being promoted and a new seal colour. There are 8 levels. Once you hit level 8 you cannot be promoted again and cash collection is ignored. Triggering GODFATHER'S OFFER will result in the meter being reset at the start of the next spin. Cash landed as part of the GODFATHER'S OFFER feature are credited to the meter at the start of the next spin after it is reset. Cash collection and meter progress is stored separately for each bet level. Cash values at each level are selected from the following ranges (multiples of current bet): RED: x0.75 to x10 BLUE: x1 to x15 GREEN: x1.5 to x20 PURPLE: x2 to x25 YELLOW: x2.5 to x50 BRONZE: x3 to x75 SILVER: x4 to x80 GOLD: x5 to x100 THE DON'S DOUBLE UP Land 3 BONUS scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 to win 7 free spins. Free spins will begin with cash at whatever the current cash level is when the bonus is triggered. All cash positions now land as a “stack” of 2 seals, doubling the value of each landed position. The value shown on the stack is the combined value of the entire stack. This includes GOLD GF CASH. Cash collection is doubled, each cash stack landed will now contribute 2 positions to the meter. Triggering GODFATHER'S OFFER will not reset the meter during free spins, unless the feature is on the final free spin. During free spins all line wins pay at x2. Land BONUS scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 during free spins to win 7 additional spins! Free spins are played with the same lines and total stake value as the triggering spin. HOW TO PLAY Select your total bet or use the default. Press the Spin button to start the game. Wins are multiplied by the bet. HOW TO CALCULATE PAY LINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the pay table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. Collection Free Spin wins are rounded to nearest even value (using the bankers rounding algorithm) to avoid showing a fraction of a cent. The total win in the end screen displays the final rounded win. MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. LEGAL NOTES In the event of disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The expected return for this game is 94.06%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. TM & © 2025 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved. Paramount Pictures and all related titles and logos are trademarks of Viacom International Inc. The Godfather is a trademark of Paramount Pictures. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 12/16/2025