The Falcon Huntress Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. Note: The Falcon Huntress video slot is referred to as The Falcon Huntress, The Game or Game. 1. The Falcon Huntress is a video slot with 5 reels and 9 pay lines. The game features Expanding Win and a bonus game with free spins and retriggers. The theoretical return to player is 96,1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. No bets can be altered during a game round. 4. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 5. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 6. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the pay table. 7. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 8. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 9. The Wild symbol is a Scatter symbol and substitutes for any other symbol. 10. The expanding win feature may occur on any winning spin in the base game. When expanding all winning symbols will expand individually. Expansion only occurs once per symbol. The wild symbols will never expand. In the Bonus game every win expands according to the same rules as in base game. 11. 3 or more scatter symbols trigger the Bonus game consisting of free spins. 12. In the Bonus game, 3 or more scatters trigger 10 extra free spins. 13. The bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the bonus game. 14. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/5/2019