Triple Cash Wheel Bets All pays except scatter pays are adjacent on an active payline. All pays except scatter pays are left to right on an active payline starting with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid for symbols appearing in any position in the same game window. Only highest win paid per line played. Only highest scatter win paid per game per play. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Bets are made in multiples of 100. To enable all features a bet that matches the feature buy in must be met. Line pays are multiplied by the amount bet on the payline. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Base Game Games 1, 2, and 3 are played with 20 paylines each. Game 1 line pays occur on paylines 1-20. Game 1 scatter pays occur on reels 1-5. Game 2 line pays occur on paylines 21-40. Game 2 scatter pays occur on reels 6-10. Game 3 line pays occur on paylines 41-60. Game 3 scatter pays occur on reels 11-15. One or more in a winning combination on an active payline is wild and substitutes for all available symbols except . 9 scattered in the same game window pays 1500x total bet. 8 scattered in the same game window pays 400x total bet. 7 scattered in the same game window pays 60x total bet. 6 scattered in the same game window pays 30x total bet. 5 scattered in the same game window pays 6x total bet. 4 scattered in the same game window pays 3x total bet. 3 scattered in the same game window pays 1x total bet. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY. Click STOP AUTOPLAY to cancel auto play. Autoplay is stopped when a bonus event occurs. Cash Wheel Bonus Feature At the completion of the reel spin for each game, may randomly become lit. 3 lit starts the Cash Wheel Bonus Feature. To begin the Cash Wheel Bonus Feature, select a from the grid of 21 tiles. Continue selecting until 3 like Cash Wheel Bonus Feature options, as listed below, have been revealed: 3 matching awards 1 spin with a 1x Wheel Multiplier. 3 matching awards 3 spins with a 1x Wheel Multiplier. 3 matching awards 1 spin with a 3x Wheel Multiplier. 3 matching awards 3 spins with a 3x Wheel Multiplier. After 3 like tiles are revealed, click the screen or press the button to spin the wheel. If the wheel stops on a payout value, the indicated payout amount is awarded. If the wheel stops on , then the total bet is awarded back to the player along with 10 free games with a 3x Free Games Multiplier. The Free Games Bonus Feature is played after the Cash Wheel Bonus Feature ends. The total awarded per spin, prior to multiplication by the Wheel Multiplier, ranges from 300 to 150,000 times the amount bet on the payline, or the Free Games Bonus Feature. The total bonus award is the sum of the award on each spin times the Wheel Multiplier times the amount bet on the payline. The Wheel Multiplier does not multiply the number of free games or the Free Games Multiplier awarded. The Cash Wheel Bonus Feature ends when all awarded spins have been completed. The Cash Wheel Bonus Feature is available during the base game only. Free Games Bonus Feature The Free Games Bonus Feature is started by the Cash Wheel Bonus Feature. The number of free games to be played is awarded during the Cash Wheel Bonus Feature. Click the screen or press the button to start the free games. All free games are played with the line bets that were in play when the Free Games Bonus Feature was started. During the free games, all pays are multiplied by the 3x Free Games Multiplier. Additional free games are not awarded during the Free Games Bonus Feature. The Free Games Bonus Feature ends when no free games remain. The free games use bonus reels that differ from the base game reels. scatter pays are available during the Free Games Bonus Feature. The Free Games Bonus Feature is available during the Cash Wheel Bonus Feature only. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The expected return for this game is 95.21%. Last modification date: 10/28/2021