Tsai Shen 10K Ways TSAI SHEN 10K WAYS™ is a slot game with 10K Ways™ mechanics, offering up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Theoretical Return to Player is: 96.05% Rules WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on top reel only. SCATTER 6 or more SCATTERS trigger the Bonus Respins. FORTUNE BONUS Every game played contributes to the Coin Stack. Coin Stack is accumulated separately per bet level. On any game if the Coin Stack is completely filled, then Fortune Bonus is triggered. There is also a random chance on every game of Fortune Bonus triggering. The Coin Stack is emptied when the Fortune Bonus is triggered. A set of 15 coins is presented. Continue to select Coins to reveal Coin Prizes. The first Coin Prize to be revealed three times is awarded to the player and the Fortune Bonus is ended. Coin Prizes are: Mini - 10x total bet. Minor - 25x total bet. Major - 100x total bet. Grand - 1,000x total bet. 10K Bonus - 10,000x total bet. Fortune Bonus is played at the bet of the triggering spin. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more SCATTER appear. 3 respins are awarded. All SCATTER symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new SCATTER symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with SCATTER symbols. Upon completion of respins, each SCATTER symbol awards a prize. Prizes range from 1 to 2000 x total bet. 2000x and 250x prizes only appear at most once per feature. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. WILD symbols do not appear during Bonus Respins. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Bonus Respins. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Prizes displayed over SCATTER symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. WILD appears on the top reel only. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/9/2023