Tiki Tastic Getting Started: Tiki Tastic is a 30 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a FREE SPINS bonus round with five bonus modifiers. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, a reel modifier or the FREE SPINS bonus feature. Set your bet Tiki Tastic has 30 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 30 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. FREE SPINS Bonus FREE SPINS wins are awarded for 3 or more FREE SPINS bonus symbols landing anywhere in view on the reels. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game substitute for all symbols except bonus symbols. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. FREE SPINS Bonus Feature: When the FREE SPINS bonus is triggered you are presented with a number of chests. Each chest contains one of the following: - An amount of free spins - A multiplier - Lose a Symbol The FREE SPINS bonus will begin once five chests have been selected. Bonus modifiers are available during the FREE SPINS bonus. If the Tiki girl appears on the reels at any point during free spins, she will select a modifier at random. There are 5 bonus modifiers available during free spins. Growing Symbol A symbol will be chosen to grow and cover the entirety of the first three reels. Extra Spins Between 1 and 5 extra free spins are awarded. Contagious Wild Wilds will appear on the middle reel and spread across nearby reel positions. Win Multiplier The multiplier for all remaining wins is increased by 1. Lose a Symbol The lowest ranked symbol will be removed from the reels and will be replaced by random symbols for all remaining Free Spins.If the modifier appears again, the next lowest ranked symbol will be removed from the reels.Note: Only 5 symbols can be removed from the reels in one Free Spins bonus game. P.O.W.E.R modifiers: An extra feature is built into the game where a P.O.W.E.R modifier is awarded. P.O.W.E.R modifiers will be awarded when all five letters above the reels light up. These letters will light up when the letters above the reel appear on each corresponding reel. Upon achieving the Power modifier, a screen with three chests is produced. Each chest contains a different modifier. You must select one chest to reveal a modifier to play out during one free re-spin. There are three reel modifiers available: Super Bonus Reels An increased amount of Bonus symbols will appear for one spin, significantly increasing the chance of a bonus game entry. Wild Spinner A mini-reel is spun selecting a symbol to turn wild for a free re-spin. Win Spin A free re-spin occurs, bringing in a reel win of at least x10 stake Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 2, 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the Tiki Tastic logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. The FREE SPINS bonus will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 12/6/2017