2 Wild 2 Die ABOUT THE GAME Bring out your inner Outlaw and venture into the desolate world of 2 Wild 2 Die. The game features include the Revolver mechanic, two bonus games, and the popular Best of Bonus feature! 2 Wild 2 Die is a 5-reel, 4-row paylines game featuring a max win of 15,000 times your bet! The max win can be achieved in all game modes. FEATURES SILVER & GOLD REVOLVER SYMBOLS The Silver and Golden Revolver symbols can land with 1-6 bullets. When the Revolver lands, it fires its bullets at random positions on the grid. Each time a position is hit for the first time by a Silver Revolver it becomes a Wild Symbol. When a position is hit more than once, a random multiplier is added to the Wild Symbol which turns it into a Wild Multiplier. When a position is hit by a Golden Revolver symbol it immediately becomes a Wild Multiplier. In the base game and SHOOTIN’ WILD! bonus, the Golden Revolvers always fire before any Silver Revolvers that are present on the grid. The possible multiplier values that can be added to the Wild Multipliers are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x Once a Revolver is empty, it transforms into a Wild symbol. MOST WANTED! BONUS Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the MOST WANTED! bonus feature. In the bonus, the game transforms and only Revolver symbols, Reload symbols and non-paying symbols will appear! Six Wanted Posters with multiplier values are displayed above the grid. The Wanted Posters can either be multiplying or adding multipliers: Possible values for Wanted Posters with adding multipliers are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 500x Possible values for Wanted Posters with multiplying multipliers are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x20 The Silver and Golden Revolver symbols can land with 1-6 bullets. When a Revolver lands, it fires all its bullets at the Wanted Posters. When a bullet from a Revolver hits a Wanted Poster, the value of the Wanted Poster will be added or multiplied to the Revolver’s total value. This process is repeated until the Revolver is empty. The Silver Revolver’s final value will be locked on the grid position where the Silver Revolver landed. When the Silver Revolver is empty it will stay on the grid until the end of the feature. The Golden Revolver’s total value will be added to all the locked Silver Revolver values and Reload symbol values that are present on the grid. The Golden revolver disappears on the next spin. In this bonus feature, the Golden Revolvers always fire after any Silver Revolvers that are present on the grid and after all Reload symbols have triggered. When the Reload symbol lands it collects all the multipliers from all the locked Silver Revolvers on the reel and reloads the Silver Revolvers with 1-6 new bullets. These bullets are immediately fired at the Wanted Posters. The values of the Wanted Posters that have been shot will be updated after all Revolver symbols on the grid have fired all their bullets. The Bonus has 3 refilling lives that reset each time the Silver Revolver, Golden Revolver, or Reload symbols land. Each life represents one spin. Once all 3 lives are consumed without a new reset, the bonus feature ends. If all positions on the grid are filled with used revolver symbols, the feature will end immediately. At the end of the bonus feature the locked Revolver values and Reload symbol values are added together and multiplied by your bet to give you the final win! SHOOTIN’ WILD! BONUS Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the SHOOTIN’ WILD! bonus feature with 10 free spins. This bonus feature maintains the mechanics of the base game. However, in this bonus feature all Wilds with multipliers become sticky and stay on the grid until the end of the feature. Landing additional FS scatter symbols during the feature awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols awards 2 additional spins; 3 FS symbols awards 4 additional spins. BEST OF MOST WANTED! BONUS When 3 FS scatter symbols land at the same time as a BEST OF BONUS scatter symbol in the base game, the BEST OF BONUS feature is activated! This feature awards three MOST WANTED! Bonus features in a row, playing them out in full before storing the result on the scoreboard next to the grid! At the end of the third and final MOST WANTED! Bonus, the highest value from the scoreboard is awarded and multiplied with your bet to determine the final win amount! BEST OF SHOOTIN’ WILD! BONUS When 4 FS scatter symbols land at the same time as a BEST OF BONUS scatter symbol in the base game, the BEST OF SHOOTIN’ WILD! BONUS feature is activated! This feature awards three SHOOTIN’ WILD! Bonus features in a row, playing them out in full before storing the result on the scoreboard next to the grid! At the end of the third and final SHOOTIN’ WILD! Bonus, the highest value from the scoreboard is awarded and multiplied with your bet to determine the final win amount! SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 96.25%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 14. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase the special feature(s) directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.29%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying REVOLVER FEATURESPINS™ is 96.33%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying MOST WANTED! BONUS is 96.27%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying SHOOTIN’ WILD! BONUS is 96.33%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying BEST OF MOST WANTED! BONUS is 96.27%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying BEST OF SHOOTIN’ WILD! BONUS is 96.3%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 15,000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in Game History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 23 hours, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. GAME HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in Game History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in Game History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 1/15/2025