The Leprechaun King RTP: 96.5% VOLATILITY: 11.7 GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play. The game automatically plays max lines times the bet multiplier. All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line wins symbols must appear on an adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to lines wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Values displayed in the help screens have not been Pre-multiplied, except where stated. Wins subject to verification. FREE GAMES BONUS Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free Games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the free games bonus. At the beginning of each bonus game 1 pot symbol may randomly appear below any one reel not already containing a pot symbol. The pot symbol appearing below a reel will remain in that position for the remainder the Free Games Bonus At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values on all Free Games Bonus symbols appearing on reels above a pot symbol. The Free Games Symbol can appear with the following credit values: 60 to 10,000 credits. Credit values displayed on the Free Games Bonus symbol are in cents. Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the credits bet per line. For each game, all credit values on a reel are the same. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. CATCH THE LEPRECHAUN PICK BONUS RULES The Catch the Leprechaun Pick Bonus features 3 “Leprechaun Character” symbols pick options. Choose any of the 3 “Leprechaun Character” symbols to reveal credit awards. Awards range from 60 to 1800 credits. At the end of the bonus, win the sum of the credit awards. The Catch the Leprechaun Pick Bonus ends when 0 picks remain. Last modification date: 6/2/2022