The Wizard of Oz: The Great And Powerful Oz PAYTABLE Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. REEL WAYS™ pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. All wins on multiple ways are added together. The base game contains up to 243 ways to win. Winning pays per symbol. WILDS The WILD symbol appears on all reels and substitutes for all paying symbols, except for GLINDA, WICKED WITCH and BONUS symbols GLINDA & WICKED WITCH When either Glinda the Good Witch or the Wicked Witch lands on Reel 1, she expands to fill the entire reel and activates the Hit&Win feature. This feature can be triggered both in the base game and during Free Spins. Hit&Win BONUS Once triggered, Reels 2 to 5 respin and fill with Cash On Reels (COR) symbols. Each COR symbol reveals an instant multiplier prize, and only COR prizes are awarded during this feature. The type and visual appearance of COR symbols depends on which Witch activated the feature. Hit&Win PRIZE VALUES During the Hit&Win feature, COR symbols can reveal instant multiplier prizes. The available multiplier values depend on the game mode. Base Game multipliers: x0.5, x0.8, x1, x1.2, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x20 Free Spins multipliers: x0.5, x0.8, x1, x1.2, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x20, x50, x100, x500 The x50, x100, and x500 multipliers, which are Minor, Major, and Grand, respectively, are available only during Free Spins and do not appear in the Base Game. FREE SPINS The BONUS symbol can appear only on reels 1, 3, and 5. When 3 BONUS symbols land simultaneously on these reels during a base game spin, the Free Spins feature is triggered. Free Spins begin with 10 spins and are played with the same rules as the Base Game. Landing 2 or more BONUS symbols during Free Spins awards 3 extra spins. If Glinda the Good Witch or the Wicked Witch lands on reel 1, the Hit&Win feature is triggered. Free Spins are paused during the Hit & Hold bonus and resume once the feature ends. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. TURBO MODE Turn on Turbo Mode to speed up each spin — it can be turned off at any point during the game. Turbo mode is automatically disabled when Free Spins are received. Activating turbo mode does not affect the result of the spins. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose your additional configurations if any and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. RTP: 94.03% Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 11/18/2025