Temple Quest Spinfinity Introducing the game Temple Quest Spinfinity is a jungle temple themed 4x5 reel slot with Mega Icons. Spinfinity™ A Spinfinity™ game has a Free Spins Feature with uncapped re-triggers that can amount to hundreds and hundreds of Free Spins! How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake per line value is displayed in the stake per line display. The game has 40 fixed lines, see PAYS for line layout. The total stake value is displayed in the total stake display. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 5 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Mega Icons Mega Icons are up to 16 icon positions and can create wins individually or with matching icons. Mega Free Spins Icons When the Mega Free Spins Icon is revealed the Free Spins Feature is triggered. Each icon position occupied by the Mega Free Spins Icon awards a Free Spin. Up to 9 Free Spins can be awarded. Icon Wins Payouts are awarded for matching consecutive icons left to right. Highest win paid per win line and all winning combinations are added together. Wild Icon The Wild icon substitutes for all icons except scatter. Free Spins Feature During the Free Spins Feature the first reel is populated with regular icons and the 2 nd , 3 rd , 4 th and 5 th display 4x4 Mega Icons. Free Spins can be re-triggered by the Mega Free Spins Icons. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information This game has a RTP of 96.17%. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during play, the game will display the incomplete result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/5/2019