Three Card Poker About the Game Three Card Poker is a poker-style casino game where the Player is playing against the Dealer’s hand. The game utilizes a 52-card deck. Three cards are dealt to both the Player and the dealer. The objective of the game is to make a better three-card poker hand than the dealer. There are two optional side bets - the Pair Plus side bet and the 6 Card Bonus side bet. How to Play To start, bet on the Ante. The Pair Plus and 6 Card Bonus side bets are optional and can only be bet on at this point. The Dealer will then deal three cards to the Player (face up), and three cards to itself (face down). After looking at the cards that are dealt, there is the option to Fold or Play for each hand. Folding will forfeit the Ante bet. Playing will automatically make a bet that is 1x the Ante Bet. The Dealer will then reveal his cards. If the dealer has a Queen high or better, the dealer’s hand will be evaluated against the Player’s hand using the hand rankings. If the Dealer’s hand outranks the Player’s hand, the Play and Ante bets lose. If the Dealer’s hand and the Player’s hand are of identical rank, the Play and Ante bets will push. If the Player’s hand outranks the Dealer’s hand, the Play and Ante bets are paid 1:1. If the Dealer has less than a Queen high, the dealer does not qualify. The Play bet will push and the Ante bet is paid 1:1. Regardless of the dealer’s hand, the Player will receive an Ante Bonus if the Player makes a Play bet and has a Straight Flush, Three of a Kind or a Straight. Players are paid according to the Ante Bonus paytable that can be found in game. Pair Plus The Pair Plus side bet is optional. It is based on the Player’s initial three-card poker hand only. This side bet is not affected by the Dealer’s hand and pays even if the Player folds their hand. Players are paid according to the Pair Plus paytable. These pays start at a hand of a Pair. 6 Card Bonus The 6 Card Bonus side bet is optional. It is based on the best five-card poker hand that is formed when combining the Player’s hand and the Dealer’s hand. This side bet is not affected by the Dealer’s hand and pays even if the Player folds their hand. Players are paid according to the 6 Card Bonus paytable, starting from a hand of Three of a Kind. Ranking of Hands In Three Card Poker, hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows: Base Game and Pair Plus side bet - 3 card hands Straight Flush Three of a Kind Straight Flush Pair High card 6 Card Bonus - 5 card hands Royal Flush Straight Flush Four of a Kind Full House Flush Straight Three of a Kind The value of a card ascends sequentially from 2-10, and then Jack, Queen, King, Ace. Ace is considered high, except in 3-2-Ace sequence. When evaluating a hand, only the highest possible rank within the Player’s cards is considered (while a Straight Flush contains both a Straight and a Flush), it is calculated solely as a Straight Flush. Disclaimer The maximum win for the Pair Plus side bet is $20,100.00. The maximum win for the 6 Card Bonus side bet is $100,100.00. The maximum win for the base game is $900.00. The RTPs listed below reflect the theoretical return across many plays. The expected RTP for the Pair Plus side bet is 95.62%. The expected RTP for the 6 Card Bonus side bet is 89.78%. The expected RTP for the base game is 97.99%, based on the following strategy: Play if the hand contains a Queen (high card) or better, assuming the second highest card is at least a 6 and the lowest card is at least a 4. Fold any hand that has a lower value. Malfunction voids all plays and pays.The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 2/23/2021