Tin Can Cash 1 Introduction Tin Can Cash is a 20 line, 5 reel slot game. It features a free spins bonus games. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line, or a bonus feature. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the win lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same win line, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus feature wins are awarded for 3, 4 or 5 BONUS Tin Can symbols appearing anywhere in view. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Multiplier awards are multiplied by the current stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Bonus Feature The bonus is a free spins feature. The lower-paying card symbols are removed from the reels. There is a chance on every spin that a Tin Can will appear from behind a reel and sit above it. Free spins continue until every reel has a Tin Can in place above it at the end of the reel spin. Any wild symbol that appears on a reel with a Tin Can above will remove the Tin Can and increase the bonus multiplier. Any Super-wild symbol that appears on a reel will remove all Tin Cans above the reels, and increase the bonus multiplier by the number removed. Wins are multiplied by the value contained in the multiplier meter at the start of the spin. If the feature is triggered by 4 bonus symbols the initial value of the bonus multiplier is boosted to x5. If the feature is triggered by 5 bonus symbols the initial value of the bonus multiplier is boosted to x10. 5 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 6 General Information 6.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 6.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 95.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/23/2022