Thundering Box Keno Help File Thundering Box Keno Thundering Box Keno is a Bet 60 Keno game with 80 numbers in base game, as well as a Respin feature and Upgraded Respin feature. Game Rules Upgraded Respin • When one or more {Lightning Ball} lands on screen it may increase the Thunder Cloud meter. • When collecting there is a chance that the Thunder Cloud meter may fill, triggering the Upgraded Respins. • On Upgraded Respins trigger the screen is struck with lightning and may add additional {Lightning Ball} onto the screen. • If Upgraded Respin is triggered then Respins are not triggered. • The accumulation of {Lightning Ball} over time in Thunder Cloud has no effect on triggering the Upgraded Respins. • When triggered, Lightning Balls become Lightning Bolt prizes and are collected at the start of the Upgraded Respins. • 3 initial Respins are awarded. • Upgraded Respins are played with two screens. • 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. • Active reels are the same for the secondary screen. • Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. • When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. • Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. • Any Lightning Bolt landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. • Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. • If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. • Paytable prizes are not awarded during Respins. • Upgraded Respin is played at the triggering bet. • Upgraded Respin can only be triggered during the Base Game. Respin • Draw 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Balls} triggers Respins. • When triggered, Lightning Balls become Lightning Bolt prizes and are collected at the start of the Respins. • 3 initial Respins are awarded. • 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. • Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. • When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. • Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. • Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. • Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. • If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. • Paytable prizes are not awarded during Respins. • Respins are played at the triggering bet. Jackpot • GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot prizes are progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. • Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot. • Higher Bet Multipliers after Bet Multiplier 5 increase MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes. • MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. • Jackpot prizes are collected when a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND Lightning Bolt lands on a Respin triggering spin or within an active reel/s during Respins. • Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Jackpots. • MINI and MINOR Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Respin feature. • The following contributions are made from each bet: • 1.5% of the bet is contributed to the GRAND Jackpot. 16.67% of the contributions are set aside for the next jackpot. • The next GRAND Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 800000 credits plus the 16.67% set aside. • 1% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. • The next MAJOR Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 100000 credits. • The Progressive Jackpot prizes cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. • There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. • GRAND and MAJOR can be awarded more than once per round. • Any subsequent Grand in the same round awards 800000 credits without any pooled increment. • Any subsequent Major in the same round awards 100000 credits without any pooled increment. • The respective Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. • There exists theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot amount may differ. • If a player is in a feature and another player has won a Progressive Jackpot then the same displayed Progressive Jackpot amount will differ to that on the server. This difference will be that the displayed Progressive Jackpot will not yet be updated to the re-seeded value on the server. • The displayed Progressive Jackpot will update to the server Progressive Jackpot value, at the conclusion of: • Respins & Upgraded Respins Thundering Box Keno Rules Play bet 60 for Keno round and eligibility for Respin and Upgraded Respin. • Pick 3 to 10 numbers to win Keno prizes and jackpots. • 20 Keno numbers are randomly drawn and shown on the board. • Match your picked Keno numbers to the drawn numbers to win prizes based on the Keno prize table. • Keno Prizes are shown at selected bet. • “ Picks” displays the total number of picked numbers. • “ Hits” displays the total number of drawn numbers matching a picked number. • “ Bolt” displays the total number of Lightning Balls drawn. • Lightning Balls may be randomly drawn. • Drawing is complete when 20 drawn numbers have been shown on the board. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information • The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: o The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. o The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. • In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Respins & Upgraded Respins. Respins: Displays the number of respins left to play. Last modification date: 7/29/2025