The Grand Galore Game description: "The Grand Galore" is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with asymmetrically expanding reels and up to 1 000 000 ways to win. EXPANDING REEL RESPIN: All reels which contribute to a win expand with one row. Both the winning symbols and the added symbol positions respin. A reel can expand up to 10 rows. SYNCED RESPIN: 2-5 neighbouring reels can randomly synchronize during a respin. The synchronized reels stop on the same symbol. STACKED RESPIN: Respinning symbols next to each other on a reel always stop on the same symbol. Game view: Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode. Paylines: The Grand Galore has up to 1 000 000 ways to win. The RTP for all paylines is the same and the RTP of the game is defined in Game Rule # 2 Game features: Bonus Game: 3 or more bonus symbols trigger the free drops bonus game. 3 bonus symbols: 10 free drops 4 bonus symbols: 15 free drops 5 bonus symbols: 20 free drops 6 bonus symbols: 25 free drops Free drops can be retriggered. GRAND RESPIN METER: Every 5th win in the bonus game triggers Grand Synced Respin on an increasing number of reels, from 2 up to a maximum of 5 reels. GRAND SYNCED RESPIN: The 1st Grand Synced Respin expands reel 4 with one row before the Synced Respin. The 2nd, expands both reel 4 and 5. All subsequent Grand Synced Respins expand reels 4, 5 and 6. (A reel can expand up to max 10 rows.) Betting strategies: Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game rules: The Grand Galore is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with asymmetrically expanding reels and up to 1 000 000 ways to win. The game oﬀers several bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. The Grand Galore is played in two modes; Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus scatter symbol. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. All spins, in Normal mode and Bonus mode, start with 6 reels, 4 rows and 4 096 ways to win. Expanding Reel Respin: All reels which contribute to a win are expanded by one additional row after the payout. The position where to insert the new row is randomly selected. Both the winning symbols and the newly added symbol positions respin. Potential new winning combinations are paid out and the expansion of reels and respins continue as long as new winning combinations appear. A reel can expand up to a maximum of 10 rows. Stacked Respin: Two or more respinning symbols situated on top of each other on a reel, always stop on the same symbol. Synced Respin: 2 to 5 neighbouring reels are randomly selected to do the Expanding Reel Respin in sync and to stop on the same symbol. A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the Bonus mode with free spins. 3bonus symbols: 10 free spins 4bonus symbols: 15 free spins 5bonus symbols: 20 free spins 6bonus symbols: 25 free spins Three or more bonus symbols during Bonus mode retrigger additional free spins. The number of additional free spins is determined in the same way as when initially triggering the bonus game. Grand Synced Respin triggers after every 5th win in the bonus game. The counting of wins is persistent throughout all free spins in the bonus game. Every 5th win in the bonus game triggers Grand Synced Respin on an increasing number of reels, from 2 up to a maximum of 5 reels. At the 1st Grand Synced Respin reel 4 is expanded by an extra row, before the Synced Respin. At the 2nd Grand Synced Respin reels 4 and 5 are expanded. At all subsequent Grand Synced Respins reels 4, 5 and 6 are expanded. The expansion of a reel continues up to a maximum of 10 rows. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in The Grand Galore is 96.0% The game has a maximum win of 1 000 000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000 Last modification date: 9/1/2020