The Wizard of Oz: Over the Rainbow How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin.Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. Game info can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . Game Rules: Only 5 OVER THE RAINBOW JACKPOT symbols on a payline award top jackpot. During the base game, before the reel spin initiates, a number of positions on reel 1 will be replaced with a DOROTHY symbol, a BUCKET symbol or a WINGED MONKEY symbol. During the base game, before the reel spin initiates, a number of positions on reel 5 will be replaced with a WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST symbol, a LOLLIPOP symbol or a WIZARD OF OZ symbol. OVER THE RAINBOW JACKPOT symbol is WILD for WILD symbol. OVER THE RAINBOW symbol is a Wild. Wild symbol appears on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except for Heart symbol, Bonus symbol, DOROTHY, Cowardly Lion, Winged Monkey, Scarecrow, Tin Man, Wicked Witch of the West, Wizard of Oz. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Bonus symbol pays anywhere on the reels. Glinda the Good Witch Feature: On any wagered spin, Glinda The Good Witch Feature may trigger. During Glinda The Good Witch Feature, 2-5 reels may be randomly replaced with a GLINDA WILD symbol. GLINDA WILD symbol is WILD symbol and substitute for all symbols except for Heart symbol and Bonus symbols. In addition, the Tin Man, Cowardly Lion, and/or Scarecrow features may become active for the current spin. Glinda the Good Witch Feature may trigger without any features or with one or three. If the Tin Man feature is active, each HEART symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. If the Tin Man feature is not active, but HEART symbol lands on at least 3 scattered reels, each HEART symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. If the Scarecrow feature is active, 2-8 WILD symbols may be placed randomly on screen on positions that do not contain GLINDA WILD symbols. If the Cowardly Lion feature is also active, instead 3-12 WILD symbols may be placed randomly on screen on positions that do not contain GLINDA WILD symbols. If the Cowardly Lion feature is active, the number of active rows will increase to 6 and an additional 45 winning lines are used. An alternate set of reels is used during Glinda The Good Witch Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except OVER THE RAINBOW JACKPOT symbols and all Bonus Symbols do not appear. Heart Feature: Each HEART symbol displays 1.33-166.66 x bet. If the Tin Man feature is active during Glinda The Good Witch Feature or Free Spin Bonus, each HEART symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. Otherwise, if a HEART symbol lands on at least 3 scattered reels, each HEART symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. All prizes displayed on HEART symbols have already been multiplied by the bet multiplier. If a HEART symbol lands on top of a GLINDA WILD during Glinda The Good Witch Feature or on top of a WILD symbol placed by the Scarecrow feature during the Free Spin Bonus or Glinda The Good Witch Feature, that HEART symbol is still evaluated and that GLINDA WILD or WILD symbol is still evaluated. Respin Feature: The COWARDLY LION symbol, DOROTHY symbol, WINGED MONKEY symbol, SCARECROW symbol, TIN MAN symbol, WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST symbol, WIZARD OF OZ symbol, and BONUS symbol are Bonus Symbols. During the base game, Bonus Symbols scattered on at least 3 reels trigger the Free Spin Bonus. On any wagered spin, an alternate set of reels may be used, which will land with Bonus Symbols scattered on all 5 reels. During the base game, if we have 2 Bonus Symbols scattered on different reels then trigger the Respin Feature and award 1 respin. During the respin, each reel with at least 1 Bonus Symbol will lock in place. All other reels will respin. Line pays and Heart Feature awards are not re-evaluated after the respin. If line pays or Heart Feature awards occurred on the triggering spin, those line pays and Heart Feature awards will be awarded before the Respin Feature and the Free Spin Bonus, if triggered. If line pays that occurred on the triggering spin cause the Balloon Jackpot to be awarded, the Balloon Jackpot will be awarded before the Respin Feature and the Free Spin Bonus, if triggered. After the respin, if there are Bonus Symbols scattered on at least 3 reels, the Free Spin Bonus is triggered. BONUS symbols does not appear on the base game reels. An alternate set of reels is used during the Respin Feature. Only Bonus Symbols are evaluated on these reels. During the base game and the Respin Feature, the DOROTHY symbol and the WINGED MONKEY symbol only appear on reel 1, the SCARECROW symbol only appears on reel 2, the TIN MAN symbol only appears on reel 3, the COWARDLY LION symbol only appears on reel 4, and the WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST symbol and the WIZARD OF OZ symbol only appear on reel 5. Free Spins Bonus: The Free Spin Bonus awards 7 free spins. If there are 3 or more reels with bonus symbols, then Free Spins can be triggered. There is no cap on the amount of times free spins can be retriggered. FREE SPINS are guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x the total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 10x is automatically increased to 10x the total bet, and shown at the end of the feature. If the DOROTHY symbol participated in the bonus trigger combination, 5 additional free spins are awarded. Otherwise, if the HEART symbol lands on at least 3 scattered reels, each HEART symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. In addition, if any of the following symbols participated in the bonus trigger combination, the corresponding features are awarded for the duration of the bonus: Cowardly Lion Winged Monkey Scarecrow Tin Man Wicked Witch of the West Wizard of Oz If the Cowardly Lion feature is active, the number of active rows will increase to 6 and an additional 45 winning lines are used. If the Scarecrow feature is active, on each spin, 2-10 WILD symbols will be placed randomly on screen. If the Cowardly Lion feature is also active, instead 3-15 WILD symbols will be placed randomly on screen. If the Wicked Witch of the West feature is active, on each spin, all line pays will be multiplied by a random multiplier of 2-10x. At the end of each spin, if the Winged Monkey feature is active, the reels may be upgraded to the next highest level. The level determines whether certain symbols appear on the reel set. Once level 9 is reached, the reels will not be upgraded further. If the Winged Monkey feature is not active, all spins will be played at level 1. During the Free Spin Bonus, 3 or more scattered BONUS symbols award 7 additional free spins. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spin Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are the same as the base game except an OVER THE RAINBOW JACKPOT symbol does not appear, a BONUS symbol appears, and all other Bonus Symbols do not appear. If Free Spins has been triggered with Wizard, there is a better chance of triggering the Balloon bonus. If the Tin Man feature is active, each HEART symbol that lands on screen will award its displayed value. Balloon Jackpot: The Balloon Jackpot might be awarded on every win with STATE FAIR symbol and have a fixed award 100x total bet. If the Wizard of Oz feature is active during the Free Spin Bonus and any win with Balloon Symbols are awarded on a given free spin the Balloon Jackpot may randomly be awarded. If a win is awarded for a STATE FAIR symbol line pay on any spin the Balloon Jackpot may randomly be awarded. Balloon JP can’t be won during Glinda feature. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based onprior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.02%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 2/26/2025