The Musketeers Contents: Getting Started How to play How do you win? Auto Play Turbo Mode FREE SPINS Bonus Feature Game Recovery General Information Getting Started: The Musketeers is a 30 line, 5 reel slot game. There is a FREE SPINS bonus round with stepping wilds. (Back to top) How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, or the FREE SPINS bonus feature. Set your bet The Musketeers has 30 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 30 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. (Back to top) How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. FREE SPINS Bonus FREE SPINS wins are awarded for 3 or more FREE SPINS bonus symbols landing anywhere in view on the reels. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game substitute for all symbols except FREE SPINS symbols. Mystery Symbols An extra feature is built into the game where MYSTERY symbols appear and transform into regular reel symbols and pay any wins due. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. (Back to top) Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. (Back to top) Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. (Back to top) FREE SPINS Bonus Feature: When the FREE SPINS bonus is triggered you are awarded an amount of free spins. During the feature any wilds that appear in the reel window step down for the next spin. A re-trigger option is available via 5 coins appearing below the reels that spin and land for every free spin of the bonus game. If the 5 coins land on 5 EXTRA SPINS a re-trigger of 8 free spins is awarded to the player. (Back to top) Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. (Back to top) General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. 3, 4 or 5 WILD symbols on any pay line will substitute for the The Musketeers logo symbols, unless a higher or equal win is available. The FREE SPINS bonus will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. Last modification date: 12/6/2017