The Hot Offer Deluxe GAME RULES Welcome to THE HOT OFFER DELUXE, with CHIP UP cash on reels, the HOT OFFER gamble and DOUBLE UP free spins! ABOUT THE GAME THE HOT OFFER DELUXE is a 5 x 3 Video Slot, evoking the classic VIP casino vibe with a hot twist! Collect CHIPS and cash in big with the HOT OFFER gamble feature! Look out for super high MEGA CHIPS for wins up to x5000! HOT OFFERS Land 5 or more chips on any spin to trigger the HOT OFFER feature. Some chips will have cash values on them, some will be marked with a “?” to indicate that they are mystery values. The HOT OFFER panel will appear, you must decide to: TAKE OFFER: Win the over value shown in the panel (click the button with the CASH icon) TAKE CHIPS: Reveal the mystery values, and collect all chip values shown on the reels (click the button with the CHIP icon)Mystery values are drawn at random from the available options at the current chip level. CHIP UP METER All landed chips also contribute to the CHIP UP METER. Every 25 chips collected will result in the chip colour and chip values being promoted. There are 8 levels. Once you hit level 8 (gold chips) you cannot be promoted again and chip collection is ignored. Triggering a HOT OFFER will result in the meter being reset at the start of the next spin. Chips landed as part of the HOT OFFER feature are credited to the meter at the start of the next spin after it is reset. Chip collection and meter progress is stored separately for each bet level. Chip values at each level are selected from the following ranges (multiples of current bet): 1. RED: x0.75 to x10 2. BLUE: x1 to x15 3. GREEN: x1.5 to x20 4. PURPLE: x2 to x25 5. PINK: x2.5 to x50 6. BRONZE: x3 to x75 7. SILVER: x4 to x80 8. GOLD: x5 to x100 DOUBLE UP FREE SPINS Land 3 BONUS scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 to win 7 free spins. Free spins will begin with chips at whatever the current chip level is when the bonus is triggered. All chip positions now land as a “stack” of 2 chips, doubling the value of each landed position. The value shown on the stack is the combined value of the entire stack. This includes MEGA CHIPS. Chip collection is doubled, each chip stack landed will now contribute 2 positions to the meter. Triggering a HOT OFFER will not reset the meter during free spins, unless the HOT OFFER is on the final free spin. During free spins all line wins pay at x2. Land BONUS scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 during free spins to win 7 additional spins! Free spins are played with the same lines and total stake value as the triggering spin. HOW TO PLAY Select your total bet or use the default. Press the Spin button to start the game. Wins are multiplied by the bet. HOW TO CALCULATE PAY LINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line starting from the left most reel. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the pay table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Free Spins round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Free Spins. Collection Free Spin wins are rounded to nearest even value (using the bankers rounding algorithm) to avoid showing a fraction of a cent. The total win in the end screen displays the final rounded win. MAXIMUM WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. If a bet has been placed and remains unsettled after 90 days, it will become void and be forfeited to charity Last modification date: 12/10/2024