The Wiz Game Description Follow the Wiz into his mysterious world, collect the obscure artefacts, brew potions and watch the dragons run wild! Collect the different magic artifacts as you explore the magical world of The Wiz. If you are lucky, you'll meet the Wiz himself as he casts his spells and transforms everything into gold resulting in even higher wins! And behold the Dragon as he will set anything he touches on fire! The Wiz is an action packed, highly entertaining 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. It’s highly engaging game mechanics and stunning visual effects keep the player on the edge of the seat at all times, as the Wiz performs his magic to transform the reels, resulting in awesome wins through his epic journey through the realms. The connecting paylines generate up to 178 ways to win, and the maximum win is thrilling 500,000 coins. The Wizspin bonus game offers an exciting journey accompanied by intriguing music, and let the Dragons run wild during the Bonus game for eternal respins! Pierce the veil of reality one spin at a time! Key Features Feature Value Lines 178 paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~20% Name The Wiz Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. 1. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. 2. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. 4. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. 5. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. 6. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. 7. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules 1. The Wiz is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. 2. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. 8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. 9. The Wiz is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. 10. The Wizard (scatter) symbol is the bonus trigger appearing on all reels. (a) In Normal mode two Wizards give 1 free spin, three Wizards give 5 free spins, four Wizards give 7 free spins, and five Wizards give 10 free spins. (b) If already in the Bonus mode, one Wizard gives 1 extra free spin and two Wizards give 2 extra free spins; while three, four, and five Wizards still give 5, 7, and 10 extra free spins respectively. 11. The free spins frequency has been artificially increased to the benefit of the player. 12. In Bonus mode all low value symbols are swapped with their respective high value symbol: the Spoon turns into the Potion, the Key turns into the Chest, the Brooch turns into the Moon, and the Ring turns into the Sun. 13. The dragon symbol is a wild multiplier in both the Normal mode and Bonus mode. It substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol. 14. The dragon symbol is assigned a random multiplier between x2 and x5 as it lands. The multiplier is applied to all connecting paylines passing through the symbol. In case of multiple dragon symbols on a connecting payline the multipliers are added to make up the total applied multiplier. 15. The dragon symbol becomes a walking wild in Bonus mode. All dragon symbols retain their multiplier and move leftwards one reel for every spin until all of them have left the screen. 16. Free spins are paused in case a dragon symbol lands and resumed once all dragon symbols have left the screen to the left. 17. The bonus mode ends when no dragon symbols remain in view, no free spins remain or when the maximum win has been reached. 18. Winnings are paid out at the end of the Bonus mode. 19. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. 20. The theoretical payout (RTP) in The Wiz is 96.1% 21. The game has a maximum win of 500,000 coins. 22. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void.