The Flash 2016 The Flash is a 5 reel slot game with a Bonus Bet, Speedsters Wild, and Rogues Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the selectable lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.47%. Game Rules Play 1 to 50 lines LINES can be changed by using the left and right arrows BET amount can be changed by using the left and right arrows SPIN begins the game with the current BET and LINES Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins except when playing the Bonus Bet Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins Win combinations pay from left to right only except Scattered Logo Flash substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Logo All wins with Flash substituting are multiplied by up to x3 SPEEDSTER WILDS During the base game only, symbols may change into Wild Flash symbols Win combinations are paid after the extra Wild Flash symbols are added BONUS BET The Bonus Bet is activated by playing 50 lines plus 10 extra coins Rogues Feature is only available when Bonus Bet is activated When the Bonus Bet is activated, all wins with Flash substituting are multiplied by up to x5! When the Bonus Bet is activated, scatter prizes are multiplied by 50 and the bet per line ROGUES FEATURE 12 Free Games are awarded when the Bonus Bet is activated and 3 or more Scattered Logo appear During the Free Games, all wins with Flash substituting are multiplied by up to x10! Choose your Feature: CAPTAIN COLD: Whenever the Flash appears, Captain Cold may freeze that reel into an Expanding Wild for a single respin GORILLA GRODD: Grodd will move a Roaming Wild Flash symbol to a random position on the reel window every Free Game MIRROR MASTER: After any free game, the Mirror Master may take you through time, replaying the last four Free Games Rogues Feature cannot be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins How to Play The Lines and Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the left and right arrows alongside the respective options. The Max button for Lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. The Bonus Bet button allows you place a bet with an extra 10 coins to be eligible for the special feature. Note: You can also select the amount of lines you wish to play by clicking on the line tag number on the side of the reels. Spin: Spins the reels. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. Paid: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 5/16/2018