Times Machine Triple Double GAME RULES Reels 1 and 3 consist of values, ranging from 0 to 50. Available Values: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 Two bet levels are available: Bet Level 1 costs 100 credits times the bet multiplier. Bet Level 2 costs 500 credits times the bet multiplier. When playing bet Level 1, Reel 2 always displays as When playing bet Level 2, Reel 2 spins to randomly display as or Awards the sum of the values landing on Reels 1 and 3 times 100 times the bet multiplier. The maximum award with is 50 + 50, awarding 10,000 times the bet multiplier. Awards the value landing on Reel 1 times the value landing on Reel 3 times 100 times the bet multiplier. The maximum award with is 50 x 50, awarding 250,000 times the bet multiplier. ONE MORE CHANCE FEATURE Any spin resulting in on reel 2, 0 on either reel 1 or 3, and 10 or greater on the other may randomly cause the reel with 0 to respin. If 0 lands on the respinning reel, the One More Chance Feature may randomly activate again. FREE SPINS BONUS Each spin in the base game, values may appear with gems atop them. One, two, or all three gems may appear atop the same value. Each gem is associated with a particular special feature. is associated with the Double Spins feature. is associated with the Double Reel feature. is associated with the Double Values feature. Each gem appearing during the base game may award the Free Spins Bonus with the associated feature activated. If multiple associated features are activated, they are all applied to the same Free Spins Bonus. 7 free spins are awarded. The free spins play automatically at the same bet multiplier and bet level as the spin that awarded them. The free spins are played on different reels. Gems do not appear during free spins. The Free Spins bonus ends when 0 free spins remain. DOUBLE SPINS FEATURE When the Double Spins Feature is activated, 7 additional free spins are awarded at the start of the Free Spins Bonus, for a total of 14 free spins. DOUBLE REEL FEATURE When the Double Reel Feature is activated, each free spin is played on two sets of reels simultaneously. Each set of reels can award winning combinations separately. DOUBLE VALUES FEATURE When the Double Values Feature is activated, on each free spin where a winning combination is present, all values appearing on the reels are doubled, resulting in the following possible values: 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 40, 60, 80, 100 Values are considered based on their doubled amounts for purposes of activating the One More Chance Feature. When the Double Values Feature is activated, the maximum awards are increased: The maximum award with is 100 + 100, awarding 20,000 times the bet multiplier. The maximum award with is 100 x 100, awarding 1,000,000 times the bet multiplier. STRAIGHT TO BONUS A Straight to Bonus bet may be placed instead of a normal bet to guarantee the Free Spins Bonus will be awarded on the base game spin. Three Straight to Bonus bet options are available. Straight to Bonus bet option 1 costs 40 times the current normal bet and guarantees the Free Spins Bonus with at least 1 special feature activated. Straight to Bonus bet option 2 costs 60 times the current normal bet and guarantees the Free Spins Bonus with at least 2 special features activated. Straight to Bonus bet option 3 costs 80 times the current normal bet and guarantees the Free Spins Bonus with all 3 special features activated. USER INTERFACE SPIN BUTTON When a bet is not already being resolved, press this button to initiate a bet at the currently selected bet amount. When playing with a keyboard, pressing the space bar also counts as pressing the spin button. AUTO SPIN BUTTON When a bet is not already being resolved, press this button to open the auto spin menu. The auto spin menu may be used to set the following parameters: Number of Spins - The number of bets to automatically play at the current total bet.. Loss Limit - A limit for net losses during automatic bets. If the loss limit is reached, the current set of automatic bets will end immediately. Stop on a single win of at least - A threshold for the total amount won on a single bet. If this amount is reached, the current set of automatic bets will end immediately. Pressing the auto spin button again during automatic bets will cause the current set of automatic bets to end immediately. MENU BUTTON When a bet is not already being resolved, press this button to open the settings menu. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before playing. Please note that results for players can differ based on play session length. Any incomplete game will resume when the game is next opened. RTP: 95% Last modification date: 3/17/2026