Thundering Horseman Thundering Horseman is a Bet 48, 40 Lines 3x5 Reel slot game with a Respin feature and Upgraded Respin feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1 and 2. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.02% with any bet. Game Rules Upgraded Respin When one or more {Lightning Bolt} lands on screen it may increase the Thunder Cloud meter. When collecting there is a chance that the Thunder Cloud meter may fill, triggering the Upgraded Respins. On Upgraded Respins trigger the screen is struck with lightning and may add additional {Lightning Bolt} onto the screen. If Upgraded Respin is triggered then Respins are not triggered. The accumulation of {Lightning Bolt} over time in Thunder Cloud has no effect on triggering the Upgraded Respins. 3 initial Respins are awarded. Upgraded Respins are played with two screens. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Active reels are the same for the secondary screen. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any Lightning Bolt landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Respins. Upgraded Respin is played at the triggering bet. Upgraded Respin can only be triggered during the Base Game. Respin 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 {Lightning Bolt} triggers Respins. 3 initial Respins are awarded. 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 active reels are randomly chosen for each Respin. Lightning Bolts are only collected if they land in active reel/s. When 0 Respins remain, Lightning Bolt jackpots and prizes are awarded to the win meter. Collecting 1 or more {Lightning Bolt} resets Respins to 3. Any {Lightning Bolt} landing in inactive reel/s are not collected and do not reset Respins to 3. Colossal Lightning Bolts may land on any spin and splits into individual Lightning Bolts. If Colossal Lightning Bolts partially land in an active reel, only prizes within an active reel/s are collected. Paytable prizes are not awarded during Respins. Respins are played at the triggering bet. Jackpot GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot prizes are progressive and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Higher Bet Multipliers increase your chance of achieving a GRAND and MAJOR Jackpot. Higher Bet Multipliers after Bet Multiplier 5 increase MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes. MINI and MINOR Jackpot prizes are fixed, are not progressive, and are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Jackpot prizes are collected when a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND Lightning Bolt lands on a Respin triggering spin or within an active reel/s during Respins. Colossal Jackpot split into multiple individual Jackpots. MINI and MINOR Jackpot Prizes may be won more than once in every Respin feature. The following contributions are made from each bet: 1.5% of the bet is contributed to the GRAND Jackpot. 16.67% of the contributions are set aside for the next jackpot. The next GRAND Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 800000 credits plus the 16.67% set aside. 1% of the bet is contributed to the MAJOR Jackpot. The next MAJOR Jackpot is automatically re-seeded with 100000 credits. The Progressive Jackpot prizes cannot be won when PLAYING FOR FUN. There is no upper limit on progressive jackpot values. GRAND and MAJOR cannot be awarded more than once per round. Any subsequent Grand in the same round awards 800000 credits without any pooled increment. Any subsequent Major in the same round awards 100000 credits without any pooled increment. The respective Progressive Jackpot value on the server is used when the Progressive Jackpot is paid out. There exists theoretical scenarios where the Jackpot amount may differ. If a player is in a feature and another player has won a Progressive Jackpot then the same displayed Progressive Jackpot amount will differ to that on the server. This difference will be that the displayed Progressive Jackpot will not yet be updated to the re-seeded value on the server. The displayed Progressive Jackpot will update to the server Progressive Jackpot value, at the conclusion of: Respins & Upgraded Respins Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to instantly trigger the Bonus. Bonus Buy presents 2 options for the player: "Buy Respins" and "Buy Upgraded Respins" The cost of the "Buy Respins" and "Buy Upgraded Respins" options are displayed above the respective button. Selecting "Buy Respins" and "Buy Upgraded Respins" purchases that Bonus for the respective amounts indicated. The Bonus Feature is played at the current Bet Multiplier. Bonus Buy is available in selected jurisdictions. Thundering Horseman Rules Play bet 48 for 40 Lines. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. All wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER. Wins on different paylines are added. Coinciding wins are added. Highest win only on each selected payline. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Lightning Bolt prizes are only collected once Respins are triggered. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields. Balance: Displays your total balance. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin. Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked. Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during Respins. Respin: Displays the number of respins left to play Last modification date: 10/16/2024