Treasures of Horus Treasure of Horus is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring wild, scatter and free spin game. You play a fixed 20 lines per spin (1 coin per line), the total bet value is shown on the bet control. To change the bet value, open the bet control and select a new value using the arrows. MAX BET sets the bet value to the maximum allowed. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The SPIN button plays the game at the current bet value (you can press the spacebar if enabled in settings). When the reels are spinning you can press the STOP button to speed up the reels spin animation and make them stop immediately Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust the amount of rounds and stop criteria (click the AUTOPLAY START button to start and the AUTOPLAY STOP button to stop it at any time). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Scarabs may fly over or land on the reels and change some of the reel symbols into wilds or free spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatter and free spins. Wild symbols can award special multipliers. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. A scarab may drop a Free spin symbol on the top central position of the centre reel, which will expand to cover the entire reel. 6 free spins are awarded when any of the Free spin symbols appear on the reels. Prizes are awarded when 3+ golden mask scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the Tomb of Horus. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops autoplay when you win a round. Stop on win of. Stops autoplay when the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Note: When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Treasure of Horus free spins A scarab may land and drop a Free spin symbol on the top central position of the central reel. The Free spin symbol expands to cover the entire reel and gives the user access to three secret chambers where big treasure is hidden. The number of awarded Free spins is always 6. When Free spins are activated on the reels and the user gets access to the next secret chamber level, won Free spins are added to the remaining spins from the previous chamber. Getting access to secret chambers - as the user enters the deeper chambers they also get access to additional features: 1st chamber: Green wild (x1) 2nd chamber: Green wild (x1) Pink wild (x2) 3rd chamber: Green wild (x1) Pink wild (x2) Blue wild (x5) Golden mask scatter (additional coins) Scarabs can drop Wild symbols in any position on the reels. Wild symbols can award additional multipliers during Free spins. Wild symbols have their own paytable. If more than one wild symbol appears on the reels completing a winning combination, only the highest multiplier is applied. Scatter symbols can appear in the third chamber free spin game and awards additional coins as per the paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner and then the gear icon. Settings page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin. Enables or disables the option to press the space bar to spin.(Not available in all jurisdictions) Show help screen on load. Turns the help screen on or off. Game History Game history list. A list of all the games played (not in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is %. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 5/16/2018