Toro Shogun Key features Function Value Name in English Toro Shogun ELK Game id 10196 Product category Casino Game type Slot Client HTML5 Theoretical RTP 94.0% Lines Up to 1328 paylines Jackpot No Reels 5 columns Rows 4 rows expanding up to 10 rows Hit frequency 25.1% Min bet £ 0.20 Max bet £ 10.00 Max exposure 25 000x max bet Max win single spin 25 000x max bet Maximum win £ 2,500,000.00 Game description Toro Shogun is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot with spinning reels and dropping symbols. The Reels can be expanded up to 10 rows and this will unlock the Shogun Mode where the 3 lowest paying symbols are removed from the reels Toro Shogun comes with the Toro Goes Wild and Matador Respin features and a Free Spins bonus game, all delivered with the classic Toro feeling. Toro is a Walking Wild that walks one step to the left for each respin or when contributing to a winning combination. Two or more Matador symbols trigger a respin where the Matadors are kept sticky. Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing a Matadors when a Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. During the feature, Toro knocks off and defeats all Matadors, leaving a trail of wild symbols behind. Bonus Symbols increase the Bonus Multiplier during Free Spins. The Bonus Multiplier applies to all wins. Game rules Toro Shogun is a 5 columns and 4 rows slot with spinning reels, dropping symbols, expanding reels and up to 1328 connecting paylines. Connecting paylines are when symbols between columns are connected side by side or by corners. The minimum bet is £ 0.20, the maximum bet is £ 10.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and pay from left to right on consecutive reels. The matching symbol on the right has to connect to the side or corner of the symbol on the left. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. The game is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed bet. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The free spin bonus game ends when no free spin remain or when the win cap has been reached. The Wild symbol substitutes for any paying symbol. A winning combination of only Wild symbols pays as the highest paying symbol. A game round starts with symbols spinning in. Winning combinations with overlapping paylines form groups. For each group a reel is selected and wilds fill the empty space within the group on the selected reel. Gravity applies and new symbols drops in. Each column expands with the same number as the removed winning symbols in that column. This avalanche repeats until no more winning combinations appear. 10 rows is the maximum number of rows for each column. The Max Rows feature can activate during spin and expand up to 5 reels to the maximum 10 rows. Only 1 Max Rows feature can be triggered in normal mode and free spin respectively. Toro is a Walking Wild that generates respins. Toro walks one step to the left for each respin or when contributing to a winning combination, until Toro reaches the leftmost reel. Landing a Toro when Matadors are in view or landing 1 or more Matadors when the Toro is in view, trigger the Toro Goes Wild feature. During the Toro Goes Wild feature, Toro moves vertically and then sideways to knock all Matadors off, leaving wild symbols behind. Toro continues to attack until all Matadors are defeated. Toro starts by attacking Matadors on the same reel, then attacks all Matadors on his left side and finally attacks all Matadors on his right side. Only 1 Toro attacks Matadors. The Toro on the far left will be activated in case there is more than 1 Toro on the reels. Multiple Toros in view walk simultaneously. The Matador is a blocker symbol. 2 or more Matador symbols award a Matador Respin, during which the Matador symbols lock into position and stay sticky. 1 or more additional Matador symbols appearing during a Matador Respin award 1 additional respin. Any winning combination connecting leftmost and rightmost reels triggers the Both Ways feature. During the Both Ways feature all paylines pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and from right to left starting from the rightmost reel. The Both Ways feature remains active until the end of the game round. Shogun Mode is activated when reaching 10 rows on all reels. During Shogun Mode the 3 lowest paying symbols are removed from the reels. Shogun Mode remains active until the end of the game round. Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. Only 1 Bonus symbol can appear on each reel. 3 bonus symbols appearing during normal mode trigger the Bonus game with 7 free spins. Bonus symbols in the Bonus game increases the Bonus Multiplier during free spins by 1. The Bonus Multiplier applies to all current and subsequent winning combinations. 1 Bonus Symbol = adds 1x to Bonus Multiplier 2 Bonus Symbols = adds 2x to Bonus Multiplier 3 Bonus Symbols = adds 3x to Bonus Multiplier and adds 7 free spins Winnings are paid out at the end of a game The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 25 000x the placed bet. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. No bets can be changed during a game round. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 94.0%. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 11/26/2024