Thundering Buffalo Jackpot Dash RTP: 96.0% Game Rules This game is played at 243 ways. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Jackpot Dash Feature During the base game, a Trophy, Crown, Gold Star, Gold Medal, or Eagle overlay symbol may appear on each position on the reels. Before winning combinations are awarded, any Trophy, Crown, Gold Star, Gold Medal, or Eagle appearing in any position on reels is collected, revealing the symbol underneath. Collections persist across subsequent spins. Once 10 or more Trophy Symbols have been collected a jackpot of 200 credits times the bet multiplier on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Crown Symbols have been collected a jackpot of 500 credits times the bet multiplier on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Gold Star Symbols have been collected a jackpot of 2,000 credits times the bet multiplier on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Gold Medal Symbols have been collected a jackpot of 5,000 credits times the bet multiplier on the current spin is awarded. Once 10 or more Eagle Symbols have been collected a jackpot of 10,000,000 credits is awarded. After any jackpots are awarded all collections are removed. Placing a bet with a different bet multiplier than the previous bet multiplier also removes all collections. Free Games Feature During the base game, 3 Gold Buffalo Coins appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 10 free games. The Gold Buffalo Coin Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Gold Buffalo Coin Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. 3 Gold Buffalo Coin Symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 awards 5 additional free games. Gold Buffalo Coin Symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Gold Buffalo Coin Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 200 free games have been played. Last modification date: 7/19/2022