The Wizard of Oz Munchkinland Payouts Only highest winner will be paid per winning combination. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Payouts reflect the current bet configuration. Wins that occur on all played lines are added to the total win. All awards shown are per symbol, per winning line. Symbols spanning multiple rows can payout and trigger features even if partially visible. WILD Symbol The WILD symbol substitutes for the following symbols: Dorothy™, Mayor, Lollipop Boy, Lullaby Girl, Toto, Hut, Glinda, Slippers, Hat And Watch and Basket. BONUS Symbol The BONUS symbol is a scatter symbol. WIN LINES Games are played with 50, 58, 66 when the grid is 6, 8 10 high respectively. Wins can occur across any of the win lines. BASE GAME 'No Place Like Home' is a scatter symbol. 'No Place Like Home' is wild for Slippers. 5 scattered 'No Place Like Home' award the 'There's No Place Like Home™' Jackpot which is 5000x the bet value. During the base game, a Pink, Orange, or Blue Lollipop can land on the last reel and spin to display a prize on either side. If it is part of a winning combination, it acts as a wild, and the bet multiplier displayed on the landed side is awarded based on the current bet value, in addition to the win line payout. Lollipop can award below bet multiplier and Jackpot values: Pink Lollipop - 1, 2, 3, 6, 10, Cowardly Lion™, Tin Man™, Scarecrow™ and Dorothy™. Blue Lollipop - 8, 10, 12, 15, 20, 30, 40 and 60. Orange Lollipop - 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 10. During the base game and Munchkin Parade Bonus, before each spin initiates, 2 Munchkin Symbols are selected to appear on the reels. During the Witch Feature, before the spin initiates, 1-2 Munchkin Symbols are selected to appear on the reels. The Munchkin Symbols are Mayor, Lollipop Boy and Lullaby Girl. A number of positions on the reels are replaced with the selected Munchkin Symbols. During the base game, up to 5 reels may be switched to alternate reels that contain more positions that are replaced with Munchkin Symbols. During the Witch Feature, up to 4 reels may be switched to alternate reels that contain more positions that are replaced with Munchkin Symbols. WITCH FEATURE On any wagered spin, the Witch Feature may immediately trigger. At the beginning of the feature, an expansion may be awarded. The expansion will increase the number of active rows to 8 or 10. During the feature, 1 to 5 reels will be randomly replaced with Witch Wilds and/or Tornado Wilds. Witch Wild is wild for WILD symbol. Each reel that is replaced with Tornado Wild will be filled with Blue Lollipops and/or Multi-Coloured Lollipops. They are also wild for WILD symbol. Blue Lollipop can award below bet multiplier values: 0.25, 0.40, 0.50, 0.75, 1. Multi-Coloured Lollipop can award below bet multiplier and Jackpot values: 1, 2, 2.5, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, Cowardly Lion™, 60, 70, 80, 90, Tin Man™, 120, 125, 150, 175, 200, 250, Scarecrow™, Dorothy™. Each Blue Lollipop that lands on screen will award the value shown. Before evaluation, for each Multi-Coloured Lollipop that lands on screen, they will spin and land on either side and the corresponding prize is awarded. An alternate set of reels is used during the Witch Feature. Winning combinations for those reels are identical to the base game except 'No Place Like Home' and BONUS symbol do not appear. MUNCHKIN PARADE 3 scattered BONUS trigger the Munchkin Parade Bonus. 4 scattered BONUS trigger the Munchkin Parade Bonus and award 10x total bet. 5 scattered BONUS trigger the Munchkin Parade Bonus and award 50x total bet. At the start of the bonus, 1 spin of the wheel is awarded. The wheel contains Dorothy™, Scarecrow™, Tin Man™ and Cowardly Lion™ jackpots, as well as 7, 8, 10, 12 and 20 free spins. During the first spin on the Wheel Feature if the pointer lands on above mentioned free spins, the corresponding number of Munchkin Parade Bonus Free Spins will be awarded, and the bonus round will commence. During the first spin on the Wheel Feature if the pointer lands on Dorothy™, Scarecrow™, Tin Man™ or Cowardly Lion™, the corresponding jackpot will be awarded along with one additional spin on the wheel. If the player is awarded a jackpot during the Wheel Feature, a second spin is guaranteed which will award the player one of the free spin options presented. The wheel does not reflect the odds of a prize being awarded. Four jackpot options are available: Dorothy™ Jackpot - 2000x the bet value. Scarecrow™ Jackpot - 500x the bet value. Tin Man™ Jackpot- 100x the bet value. Cowardly Lion™ Jackpot - 50x the bet value. At the start of the free spins, 3 Active Features boxes are displayed as blank. When the free spins begin, on every spin, one of the following features — 'Pink Lollipop', 'Orange Lollipop', 'Blue Lollipop', '1 Reel Extra Munchkins', '2 Reels Extra Munchkins', 'All Munchkins Wild', 'Wild Reel', 'All Wins Except Jackpot 2x', or 'All Wins Except Jackpot 3x' — will enter the Active Features box from the leftmost position, pushing the existing features one position to the right. Once a feature moves out of the Active Features box, it will no longer be available for payout. The Munchkin Symbols are Mayor, Lollipop Boy and Lullaby Girl. During the Munchkin Parade Bonus for each '1 Reel Extra Munchkins' and/or '2 Reels Extra Munchkins' Feature active, corresponding numbers of reels will have more positions that are replaced with Munchkin Symbols. For each 'Wild Reel' feature active, 1 reel will be replaced with 'Wild Reel', 'Wild Reel' is wild for WILD symbol. Multiple Active Features can be applied on the same reel. If '1 Reel Extra Munchkins' and/or '2 Reels Extra Munchkins' Feature is active with 'Wild Reel' Features, Wild Reel are guaranteed to apply and may cover reel with extra munchkin symbols. Inside free spins we could see reels with munchkin symbols without '1 Reel Extra Munchkins' and/or '2 Reels Extra Munchkins' Feature being active. For each 'All Wins Except Jackpot 2x' feature active, all pays except jackpots are multiplied by 2. For each 'All Wins Except Jackpot 3x' feature active, all pays except jackpots are multiplied by 3. If multiple 'All Wins Except Jackpot' multipliers are active they are multiplicative with each other. For each Pink Lollipop, Orange Lollipop or Blue Lollipop feature active, the upgraded symbol displayed in that feature will land fully on reel 5 and display a pair of potential prizes. If an upgraded symbol is part of a winning combination, then it will spin and land, and the corresponding bet multiplier is awarded. If multiple lollipops are awarded on the last reel in free spins - they are additive. Lollipop can display below bet multiplier and Jackpot values: Pink Lollipop - 1, 2, 3, 6, 10, Cowardly Lion™, Tin Man™, Scarecrow™ and Dorothy™. Blue Lollipop - 8, 10, 12, 15, 20, 30, 40 and 60. Orange Lollipop - 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 10. If the 'All Munchkins Wild' feature is active, Mayor, Lollipop Boy and Lullaby Girl are wild for WILD symbol. During the Munchkin Parade Bonus, Pink/Orange/Blue Lollipop can cover any symbol on last reel, and they are wild for WILD symbol. If WILD symbol lands with one of its positions covered by Pink Lollipop, Orange Lollipop or Blue Lollipop on the fifth reel, the uncovered position is replaced with Wild Text Symbol. Wild Text Symbol is wild for WILD symbol. After third free spin, Toto Super Spins may be awarded randomly only once during the Munchkin Parade Bonus, as indicated by 'You Have Found Toto' banner. If Toto Super Spins are awarded, the initial number of free spins won on the wheel will be awarded again. In addition, the Active Features box will have 4 positions to hold features instead of 3 and this will be retained for any further re-trigger of free spins. In the Toto triggering spin, three active features shift right, while a fourth feature is added to the leftmost position, and all features are active for the spin. During the Munchkin Parade Bonus, 3 or more scattered BONUS award the initial number of free spins awarded by the wheel. 4 BONUS also award 10x total bet. 5 BONUS also award 50x total bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the Munchkin Parade Bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except where otherwise stated. 'No Place Like Home' do not appear during the Munchkin Parade Bonus. Symbols covered by Pink Lollipop, Orange Lollipop and Blue Lollipop are not counted towards winning combinations. Free Spins will end when there are no more Free Spins remaining. Turbo Mode Turn on Turbo Mode to speed up each spin, it can be turned off at any point during the game. When Munchkin Parade Bonus is awarded, Turbo Mode will automatically be turned OFF. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. Legal Notices In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025