Teddy Bears Picnic Teddy Bear’s Picnic is a 5 reel slot game with a Sticky Honey Free Games Feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.35%. GAME RULES Play 1 to 25 paylines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins pay from Left to Right on selected paylines only except scattered BASKET which pays any HONEYCOMB substitutes for all symbols except scattered BASKET TEDDY BEAR WILD After any Base Game Teddy may appear and add a HONEYCOMB to Reels 2, 3 and 4 After any Free Game Teddy may appear and add a HONEYCOMB to ANY Reel STICKY HONEY FREE GAMES 8 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more scattered BASKET appear Any HONEYCOMB appearing is held for remaining free games Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game Free Games Feature cannot be retriggered GAMBLE FEATURE (IF APPLICABLE) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT. Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct. Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct. Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times. Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled. HOW TO PLAY The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 500 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/29/2021