Tetris Extreme Mega Drop SPIN BUTTON Tetriminos A Tetrimino is made up of 4 Minos (Squares) of the same color. Minos (Squares) The possible Tetriminos are shown below, these may be rotated by 90, 180 or 270 degrees before appearing. Cluster Wins A Cluster is a group of adjacent Squares of the same color. Clusters pay out according to the number of Squares that make up that cluster, this value gets multiplied by the Line Clear Multiplier. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. Line Clear Multiplier The Line Clear Multiplier is a multiplier that gets applied to all Cluster wins. This value is shown at the bottom of the left sidebar. This multiplier changes according to the number of Line Clears. A Line Clear occurs when a full row of 7 Squares are present. When this happens, that row disappears and the remaining Minos fall to fill the space created. The Line Clear Multiplier resets back to 1 at the beginning of each game. Gold Tetrimino During the Free Spins feature, there is a chance for a gold Tetrimino to fall. If a Line Clear uses all or part of a gold Tetrimino, the Line Clear Multiplier will be multiplied by 5. Gold Square Any additional Line Clears during the spin will also be multiplied before the total line clear multiplier is increased. This can only happen once per game. After the Line Clear the Tetrimino will change back to its original color. Gold Tetriminos cannot fall onto the play area once a Line Clear has occurred during the spin. Free Spins 15 or more Line Clears in a single game awards 10 Free Spins. 15 or more Line Clears in a single game during Free Spins awards an additional 10 Free Spins. The Free Spins feature is played automatically. Total bet and payouts are the same as the game that triggered the Free Spins feature. Free Spins are played with the same winning combinations as the base game. The Line Clear Multiplier resets to 1x for each Free Spin. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. The expected return for this game is 96.31%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Tetris & 1985-2019 Tetris Holding. Tetris logos, Tetris theme song and Tetriminos are trademarks of Tetris Holding. The Tetris trade dress is owned by Tetris Holding. Licensed to The Tetris Company. Tetris Game Design by Alexey Pajitnov. All Rights Reserved. Sub-licensed to Scientific Games. Except for the Tetris intellectual property, the look and feel of the game and certain individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 11/3/2020