The Final Countdown Introducing the game The Final Countdown is a six-reel video slot featuring 4096 Ways to win from Big Time Gaming. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Start the Game Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from left most reel, except Scatters which pay any. The Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wilds occur on reels 2 to 5 only. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Reel Clone During each spin there is a chance that a Reel Clone will produce between two and four identical reels between reels 2 and 5. Scatters can be cloned. Wilds expand horizontally and vertically based on the number of reels cloned: 2 Reels - X4 3 Reels - X27 4 Reels - X256 Scatters 3 or more Scatters awards a Feature. The stake used to trigger the Feature will be used for the Feature duration. Select either the Countdown Free Spins or the Heading for Venus Free Spins. Once a choice is made the Feature will play out automatically. Scatter wins are added to wins. Choice 1 - The Countdown Free Spins 8 Free Spins are awarded beginning with a X4 Roaming Wild on reels 2 to 5. Roaming Wild grows on each retrigger up to X256. The Countdown starts at 10 and is displayed next to the reels. When it reaches 0 the Feature retriggers and the Countdown is reset to 10. Countdown Scatter pays the same as regular Scatters and reduces the Countdown by up to 3. The first retrigger awards an extra 4 Free Spins and the second retrigger awards an extra 2 Free Spins. After the second retrigger, the Countdown and all Countdown Scatters are removed from the Feature. Choice 2 - Heading for Venus Free Spins 15 Free Spins are awarded with a Reel Clone on every spin. 3 or more Scatters retrigger the Feature. A Velocity Wild occurs on a Reel Clone and grows from X4 to X888 at random. Velocity Wilds over 2 reels have a random multiplier from X4 to X26. Velocity Wilds over 3 reels have a random multiplier from X27 to X255. Velocity Wilds over 4 reels have a random multiplier from X256 to X888. General Information This game has a RTP of between 96.56% - 96.65%. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021