The Rift Untitled Document Note: The Rift video slot is referred to as The Rift, The Game or Game. The Rift is a video slot with 5 reels and 17 fixed pay lines. The game features wilds, Riftspins and a bonus game with sticky wilds. The theoretical return to player is 96,3%. The game offers up to 15 bet levels for the selected currency. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selectedbet level. No bets can be altered during a game round. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in theauto play page. Rift spin is triggered when 2 bonus symbols appear on the reels. Any wild symbolwhich are not part of a winning pay line will be locked in place while all the reels spinagain. During the Rift spin 1-3 sticky wild symbols are placed randomly on the reels. ARift spin is considered part of the game round. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. Only the highest win per pay line is paid out, if in sequence from far left to right incombinations according to the pay table. All pay line wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the gameround. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. Wilds and sticky wilds substitutes for any other symbol, if and only if the wild symbolcombined with at least one more symbol it substitutes for form a winning pay line. The sticky wild symbol is a wild symbol which only appears in Rift spins and in bonusgames. It is locked in place for the remainder of the game round, or until it is part of awinning pay line. The bonus symbol is a scatter symbol that can appear on any reel and grants the bonusgame with free spins if 3 or more bonus symbols are won on the first spin in a singlegame round. The number of free spins won is according to the pay table. The bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the bonus game.The bonus game is part of the same game round as the spin that triggered it. Bonus symbols that appear on the reels in the bonus game progress the Rift seal andaward additional free spins and sticky wilds according to the pay table Once all free spins have been played, the player will return to the main game. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Last modification date: 8/29/2017