The Godfather THE GODFATHER How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's The Godfather is under license from Paramount Pictures. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Winning combinations are calculated by multiplying the payout as shown in the paytable by your bet. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed {{maxWinnings}}. Game Rules: The Godfather is a 5x3, 10 line video slot featuring free spins and a hold & win bonus. It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. Wins with expanding symbols during free spins do not need to be on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Bonus Symbol Rules: The bonus symbol acts as both a wild symbol and a scatter symbol. The bonus symbol substitutes for all other symbols except expanding symbols during free spins. 3 bonus symbols triggers 8 free spins, 1 expanding symbol and the hold & win bonus 4 bonus symbols triggers 10 free spins, 1 expanding symbol and the hold & win bonus 5 bonus symbols triggers 12 free spins, 1 expanding symbol and the hold & win bonus The bonus symbol pays anywhere on the reel. Hold & Win Rules: All symbols are removed from the screen except the bonus symbols. Only the bonus symbols are involved in the Hold & Win Bonus. The player starts the bonus with 3 respins. Each empty symbol position spins independently. Either a bonus symbol lands or the symbol position is left empty. If no bonus symbols land in any of the empty symbol positions, the respin counter goes down by 1. If a bonus symbol lands in any of the empty symbol positions, the repsin counter is reset to 3. Every bonus symbol that lands awards either a random win multiplier, 1 additional expanding symbol or 1 additional free spin. The 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x 5x, 8x or 10x win multipliers are awarded randomly. The bonus ends when the player has no respins remaining or they have filled all empty positions with scatter symbols. At the end of the bonus, all win multipliers are added together and collected. The total sum of the win multipliers will be multiplied by the bet that triggered the bonus round. At the end of the bonus, all additional free spins are added together and collected. At the end of the bonus, all additional expanding symbols are added together and collected. Expanding Symbol Rules: When the Hold & Win Bonus is triggered, players are awarded 1 expanding symbol. Players can win up to an additional 2 expanding symbols during the Hold & Win Bonus. When the Hold & Win Bonus has ended, any expanded symbols are selected at random. Any expanding symbols that land during free spins may expand to cover 3 positions on that reel. The expanding symbols will only expand if part of a win. Expanding symbols pay like regular symbols but they do not need to be on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Any regular wins are paid before any expanding symbols expand. The expanding symbol is not substituted by a bonus symbol. Free Spins Rules: After all expanding symbols have been selected, free spins begin. Free spins can be retriggered. 3 bonus symbols awards 8 additional free spins and the hold & win bonus 4 bonus symbols awards 10 additional free spins and the hold & win bonus 5 bonus symbols awards 12 additional free spins and the hold & win bonus Free spins can be retriggered a maximum of 10 times. When free spins is retriggered, +1 expanding symbol is not automatically awarded. When free spins is retriggered, players can win additional free spins and expanding symbols in the Hold & Win Bonus. If 3 expanding symbols are selected, no more expanding symbols can be awarded during the Hold & Win Bonus. Free spins rounds total bets are the same as the total bet placed before triggering the bonus. The maximum sum of wins for a free spins round is 25,000x the bet value. Free spins will end if the maximum sum of wins value is reached. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Buying free spins will also trigger the Hold & Win Bonus. Buying free spins will cost 100x your regular bet. After buying free spins, 3 4 or 5 bonus symbols may land. The feature buy has a 93.95% RTP. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 93.94%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/9/2024