The Guardians Getting Started: The Guardians is a 40 line, 5 reel slot game paying from left to right. There are Wonder Spins™, Fortune Bets and reel modifiers. How to play: Spin the reels to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins, or a bonus feature. Set your bet The Guardians has 40 win lines. Select the 'Total Bet' button to increase or decrease the size of your bet. All games are always played with 40 win lines. Start the game Select 'Spin' to start your game. How do you win? Reel game line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 reel symbols on a win line. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same payline, only the highest win will be paid. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bonus Feature 3 Bonus symbols (with the exception of 3 Super Bonus symbols) will award 5 Wonder Spins™. Super Bonus is awarded when 3 Super Bonus symbols appear in the view and will award 50 Wonder Spins™; it is possible to retrigger the Bonus or the Super Bonus, which will add either 5 or 50 spins respectively. Wilds Any wild symbols landing in view during the reel game substitute for all symbols except Bonus / Super Bonus symbols. Reel Modifiers A Mystery symbol may appear and will replace some of the stacked symbols with Mystery symbols. Bets and Payouts Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Auto Play: Using Auto Play Press the AUTOPLAY button to see the options. You MUST select the number of auto play games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the auto play. "Custom Loss Limit" refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the "Custom Loss Limit" button. Choose the "More settings" option if you wish to stop the auto play when you win over a certain amount. Turbo Mode: This increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spins. Fortune Bets: Fortune Bets allow the stake to be increased and in turn increases the size of scatter symbols allowing them to grow up to 4x their height and cover the entire reel. Bonus Feature: When the Wonder Spins™ bonus feature is triggered the player will be awarded a minimum of 5 spins. Each Wonder Spin™ can consist of up to 5 spins. If the player does not achieve a win on the first spin, the middle reel will turn wild. After that, if they don’t achieve a win, then reel 5 will turn wild, and so on: Spin 1 – No Reels Wild Spin 2 – Reel 3 Wild Spin 3 – Reels 3 and 5 Wild Spin 4 – Reels 3, 4 and 5 Wild Spin 5 – Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 Wild If, at any time, the player achieves a win, then the 'Wonder Spin™' ends, and the win is banked. The wilds reset and the sequence starts again. Wonder Spins™ can be retriggered, and it is possible to trigger a Super Bonus from within a Bonus. Reel Modifiers: This game has only one modifier. There is a chance for Mystery symbols to appear on any of the reels; this will choose a symbol at random and then replace every instance of that symbol with another. Game Recovery: Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information: Wins from multiple pay lines and from bonus awards are added to determine the total win on a given spin. The bonus games will play out automatically, after a time out period. RTP is 95%. This game has been independently fairness tested by NMi, a leader in Testing and Auditing with over 40 years of experience serving the gambling sector as an ISO17025 accredited testing facility. Last modification date: 5/16/2018