Totem Thunder 1 Introduction Totem Thunder is a 5x3 slot game with 243 ways to win. Stacked wilds can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Landing 3 Bonus symbols in view on reels 1, 3 and 5 triggers the Totem Thunder Free Spins bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All base game spins are played with up to 243 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wild Symbols The red, blue, and yellow wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. They appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and Free Spins. The green, purple, and orange wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. They appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Free Spins only. 5 Bonus Trigger The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game. 3 Bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the Totem Thunder Free Spins bonus. 6 Totem Thunder Free Spins bonus 10 Free Spins are awarded at the start of the feature. On each Free Spin an extra wild symbol is added to the top of the wild stacks on reels 2, 3 and 4. Any time a stack of wilds lands fully in view on reels 2, 3 or 4 an extra row is added to that reel. The number of ways to win will increase accordingly. Extra rows remain on the reels for the duration of the feature. The lightning symbol is a scatter symbol and appears on reels 1 and 5 in Free Spins only. 2 lightning symbols landing anywhere in view awards 2 extra Free Spins. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 14 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 8 General Information 8.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 8.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 95.01%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 95.01%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/29/2022