Texas Hold'Em Plus About the Game Texas Hold’Em Plus is a poker-style Casino game where the Player is playing against the House’s hand.The game utilizes a 52 standard card deck, which is reshuffled between each game. The objective of the game is to get a higher five-card poker hand than the House. How to Play To start, the Player must bet on the Ante.Two cards are then dealt face down to both the Player and the House. The Player’s hand is then revealed.The Player must choose whether to FOLD or CALL the bet.FOLD will forfeit the Ante bet and the game will end. CALL will increase the bet with 2x Ante Bet.Three face-up cards are then dealt at the table (Flop).The Player must choose whether to FOLD, BET or CHECK.FOLD will forfeit the ANTE and CALL bets and the game will end. BET will increase the bet with 1x Ante Bet, and one card will be dealt face up to the table (Turn). CHECK will reveal one card on the table (Turn) whilst placing no extra bets.After the Turn, the Player will then have the same three choices, FOLD, BET or CHECK. If the Player chooses CHECK or BET, another card will be dealt face up to the table (River).The House’s cards are shown at the end. The Player wins if they have a better hand than the House.There is also an optional PLUS side bet, which pays out based on the player's hand. This bet is evaluated whether the player folds or makes any play bet. Payouts If the Player wins, 2x Bet is awarded.If the Player wins with a hand rank of less than a Straight, the Ante bet is pushed.If the Player wins with a hand rank of a Straight or higher, 2x Ante bet is awarded.“Bet” refers to the total amount wagered on the Flop, Turn and River bets.If the Player and House have hands of identical rank, the Bet and Ante are pushed.When a bet is ‘pushed’, it is returned to the player who made the bet. Ranking of Hands In Texas Hold’Em Plus, hands are ranked from highest to lowest as follows:Royal FlushStraight FlushFour of a KindFull HouseFlushStraightThree of a KindTwo PairPairHigh CardThe rank of a card ascends sequentially from 2-10, and then Jack, Queen, King, Ace. Ace can also be the lowest ranking card in a Ace-2-3-4-5 Straight or Straight Flush.When evaluating a hand, only the highest possible rank within the player’s cards is considered, while a Straight Flush contains both a Straight and a Flush, it is calculated solely as a Straight Flush. Plus Payouts Plus sidebet Payout: PAIR OF ACES 30 : 1 ACE AND KING SUITED 25 : 1 AJ OR AQ SUITED 20 : 1 ACE AND KING UNSUITED 15 : 1 PAIR OF JACKS TO KINGS 10 : 1 AJ OR AQ UNSUITED 5 : 1 PAIR OF 2 TO 10 3 : 1 Disclaimer The expected RTP for the base game is 97.01%.The expected RTP for the Plus side bet is 91.1%.This reflects the theoretical return across many plays.The maximum bet for the Ante is $100.00.The maximum bet for the Plus side bet is $100.00.Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $4,100.00.Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game.The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and ©2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved.