Ultimate Slot of America GAME INFO Ultimate Slot of America ABOUT THE GAME Got what it takes to defend freedom and fortune? Step up to the plate and embrace the red, white, and bling in this glorious 5-reel, 5-row game where every spin is a swing for victory. Ultimate Slot of America brings you star-spangled action, with pay lines and a max win of 10 000 times your bet—achievable in all game modes. FEATURES LIBERTY GEMS The Liberty Gem symbol acts as a Wild multiplier that substitutes for the other paying symbols in the paytable. Landing Liberty Gems triggers a Freedom Respin, with all Liberty Gems staying on the grid during that spin. If more Liberty Gems land, another Freedom Respin is awarded. This continues until no new Liberty Gems land or there are no more available positions. Wins are awarded during each Respin. When a Liberty Gem symbol participates in a winning combination, the value of the win is multiplied by the Gem’s multiplier value. If more than one Liberty Gem symbol is part of the same winning combination, their values are added together before being applied to the win. Liberty Gem symbols will display one of the following multiplier values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9xand 10x. GEM CLUSTERS Landing 4 or more Liberty Gems in a square formation of 2x2, 3x3, 4x4 or 5x5 will form a Gem Cluster. AGem Cluster can grow if additional Liberty Gems land around the existing Cluster in such a way that theycollectively form a larger square formation, for example, growing from 2x2 to 3x3. A Gem Cluster can onlybe formed in these exact square formats. When a Gem Cluster forms it can appear in two different ways. In aClassic Cluster, the multiplier values of each Gem are added together to create one final multiplier. In an Epic Cluster, all multiplier values are first added together, and the total is then multiplied by a valuebetween x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10 and x20 to determine the final multiplier. The final multipliers will be applied to each winning payline the Cluster is part of. BONUS GAME SPIN-DEPENDENCE DAY Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game maintains the base game's mechanics and offers a greater chance to land Liberty Gems! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. BONUS GAME RED, WHITE, BLING! Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. In this bonus game all Liberty Gems and Clusters that land are Sticky! Landing Liberty Gems does not triggerFreedom Respins in this bonus. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS PURSUIT OF RICHES Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This Hidden Epic Bonus maintains the mechanics of the SPIN-DEPENDENCE DAY bonus. In addition, atleast 5 Liberty Gems will land on each spin, not including the Freedom Respins! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for thisgame is 96.37%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Liberty Gems and Gem Clusters substitute for all symbols in the paytable. FS symbols and Liberty Gems cannot land on the grid at the same time. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.27%. For full information about this feature,see the section above. The RTP when buying FREEDOM FEATURESPINS™ is 96.29%. For full information about this feature,see the section above. FS symbols cannot land in this game mode. The RTP when buying USA EPIC DROP™ FEATURESPINS™ is 96.31%. For full information about thisfeature, see the section above. FS symbols cannot land in this game mode. The RTP when buying SPIN-DEPENDENCE DAY is 96.33%. For full information about this feature, see thesection above. The RTP when buying RED, WHITE, BLING! is 96.34%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all freespins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and singlewin limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS SHIFT + S Toggle Sound SHIFT + M Toggle Music SHIFT + I or G Show/Hide Game info SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN Change Bet amount ESC or BACKSPACE Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) SHIFT + T Change Turbo mode SHIFT + B or F Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) SHIFT + ENTER Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ SHIFT + A Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay SHIFT + ENTER Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by thegame’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 11/25/2025