Ultimate Fire Link Olvera Street WILD SYMBOL BELL substitutes for all symbols except FREE SPINS and FIREBALL. PAYTABLE Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. FIRE LINK FEATURE Each FIREBALL will display a value based on the table. In the base game, 4 or more scattered FIREBALL trigger the Fire Link Feature and awards 3 spins. All FIREBALL that trigger the feature are held for the duration of the feature. During the feature, any additional FIREBALL that land will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if FIREBALL land on an active row, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on all FIREBALL that appear on active rows is awarded. If all 40 positions are held, no additional spins will be played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Only FIREBALL are evaluated during the feature. Row numbering starts from the bottom-most row. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards the Free Spins Bonus and 2x Total Bet. During the Free Spins Bonus, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 10 additional free spins and 2x Total Bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except FIREBALL does not appear. BUY PASS™ BUY PASS allows direct access to the Free Spins Bonus. Entry into Free Spins can be purchased using the BUY PASS button for 38.1x the selected bet. This will trigger 10 Free Spins, additional free spins may be awarded in the bonus. BUY PASS allows direct access to Fire Link Feature. Entry into Fire Link can be purchased using the BUY PASS button for 42x the selected bet. BUY PASS cannot be activate during Autoplay. The expected return for the Free Spins Bonus with BUY PASS is 96.03% The expected return for the Fire Link Feature with BUY PASS is 96.02%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 95.97%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/21/2023