Ultimate Fire Link Cash Falls By The Bay PAYTABLE Winning combinations may contain only one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. Like symbols, or their substitute, on a single reel are not part of the same winning combination, but may create separate winning combinations. All ways pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER symbols and FIREBALL symbols. The WILD symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. CASH FALLS FEATURE If a FIREBALL symbol lands on a reel, then all FIREBALL symbols on that reel are held for the next 3 wagered spins at the same bet level. The number of wagers that a reel's FIREBALL symbol will remain held is shown at the bottom of the associated reel. If every position on a reel is filled with FIREBALL symbols and no FIREBALL symbol on that reel displays FIRE LINK FEATURE, then that reel awards the Cash Falls Feature. The Cash Falls Feature awards total bet multipliers or jackpot displayed on each of the corresponding reel's FIREBALL symbol. If a Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini is awarded, then the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. After the reel awards the Cash Falls Feature, the FIREBALL symbols currently on that reel are no longer held. FIREBALL symbols may land in stacks of 1, 2, or 3. For each reel a maximum of 1 stack of FIREBALL symbols may land per base game spin. Symbols that land behind FIREBALL symbol are not evaluated. All information on the Cash Falls Feature pages pertain to the base game. During the base game each FIREBALL symbol displays a prize based on the table below. Reels 1, 2: 0.50 - 6.25 x Total Bet, Mini, or Fire Link Feature Reels 3, 4: 0.50 - 25.00 x Total Bet, Minor, Mini, or Fire Link Feature Reel 5: 0.75 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Mega, Major, Minor, Mini, or Fire Link Feature FIRE LINK FEATURE During the base game, if every position on a reel is filled with FIREBALL symbols and one of them displays FIRE LINK FEATURE, then that reel awards the Fire Link Feature. Initially 3 spins are awarded. All FIREBALL symbols that trigger the Fire Link Feature are randomly placed on rows 1-4 and held for the duration of the feature. During the feature, any additional FIREBALL symbol that lands will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if a FIREBALL symbol lands on an active row, then the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. At the start of the feature, 8 rows are displayed and rows 1-4 are active. For each spin, active rows are based on the table. Number of held symbols on active rows Active rows up to 7 Row 1 - 4 8 - 11 Row 1 - 5 12 - 15 Row 1 - 6 16 - 19 Row 1 - 7 20+ Row 1 - 8 At the end of a feature, the prize displayed on each FIREBALL symbol that appears on an active row is awarded. On an active row, if a FIREBALL symbol displays Fire Link Retrigger Feature, then the Fire Link Feature is retriggered. When the Fire Link Feature is retriggered, 4 randomly placed FIREBALL symbols will transform into prizes: 0.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini and are randomly placed on rows 1-4 and held for the duration of the feature. When the Fire Link Feature is retriggered, Fire Link Retrigger Feature will not be displayed on FIREBALL symbol during the feature. If all 40 positions are held, no additional spins will be played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Only FIREBALL symbols are evaluated during the feature. Total Bet Multiplier prizes are awarded as shown. If a Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini is awarded, then the value displayed in the corresponding meter is awarded. Row numbering starts from the bottom most row. When triggered from Base Game, at the start of Fire Link Feature, FIRE LINK FEATURE symbol will transform into prize based on the table below Reels 1, 2: 2.50 - 6.25 x Total Bet, or Mini Reels 3, 4: 2.50 - 25.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Reel 5: 6.25 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini During the Fire Link Feature each FIREBALL symbol displays a prize based on the table below. Rows 1-5: 0.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Row 6: 1.25 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Row 7: 2.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Row 8: 3.00 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Mega, Major, Minor, Mini, or Retrigger During Fire Link Retrigger Feature each FIREBALL symbol displays a prize based on the table below. Rows 1-5: 0.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Row 6: 1.25 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Row 7: 2.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Row 8: 3.00 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini FIRE BOOST FEATURE When the Cash Falls Feature is active, after all reel positions are held with FIREBALL symbols on respective reel, the Fire Boost Feature may randomly upgrade multiplier value on one, or more, existing FIREBALL symbols to a higher multiplier or a jackpot, please see the table under Cash Fall Feature section for details. The Fire Boost Feature may also upgrade any multiplier value to a Fire Link Feature, only one FIREBALL symbol may be upgraded to Fire Link Feature on respective reel. After the Fire Boost Feature is complete, the Cash Falls Feature will resume and evaluate all FIREBALL symbol prizes before the next spin may be initiated. FREE SPINS BONUS 3, 4, or 5 SCATTER symbols award 1x the Total Bet and trigger the Free Spins Bonus with 10, 12, or 15 free spins, respectively. Any FIREBALL symbol that lands during the free spins will be held for the remainder of the Free Spins Bonus. If every position on a reel is filled with FIREBALL symbols, then 1 spin of the wheel displayed above the reels is awarded. The wheel awards 2-5x multiplier or the Fire Link Feature. If the wheel awards a multiplier, that multiplier is applied to all FIREBALL symbols on that reel. Only one reel multiplier may be awarded for each FIREBALL symbol. If the wheel awards the Fire Link Feature, then the FIREBALL symbols on that reel are no longer held and will be used to trigger the Fire Link Feature. After the Fire Link Feature is complete, that reel will be locked and will display the result of the Fire Link Feature for the remainder of the Free Spins Bonus. During the Free Spins Bonus each FIREBALL symbol displays a prize based on the table below. Reels 1, 2: 0.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, or Mini Reels 3, 4: 0.50 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini Reel 5: 0.75 - 50.00 x Total Bet, Minor, or Mini At the conclusion of the Free Spins Bonus, the Total Bet Multiplier prize or jackpot appearing on each FIREBALL symbol is awarded, and any reel that triggered the Fire Link Feature awards the total prize from that feature. If a Minor or Mini is awarded, then the value in the corresponding meter is awarded. Upon exiting Free Spins Bonus, the base game returns to the state it was in prior to entering Free Spins Bonus. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. All symbols other than FIREBALL symbols are inactive and not evaluated. Symbols that land behind FIREBALL symbol are not evaluated. Legal Notices The wheel does not reflect the odds of a prize being awarded. Scatter pays are awarded in addition to symbol pays. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The expected return for this game is 94.01 %. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Client version: 1.3.0 Server version: 1.0.10 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/10/2025