Ultimate Pong LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins A winning bet occurs when the ball lands in one of 6 cups or the shot glass. If the bet does not result in the ball landing in a cup or the shot glass, the next bet can be started while the ball is still midair. On a winning bet, players can be awarded up to 14 Credit Prizes and up to 3 Symbols. 3 Symbols award the Pong Throw Bonus. Pong Throw Bonus At the begining of the Pong Throw Bonus, 3 random cups will be upgraded to The player will start with 3 balls. Landing the ball in a cup will reset the balls to 3. Landing the ball in will upgrade the cup to Landing the ball in will upgrade the cup to Landing the ball in will upgrade the cup to Landing the ball in will immediately award the value of the cup. A may award the Major Progressive Jackpot. The Pong Throw Bonus ends when all cups are upgraded to ,or when no balls remain. If all cups are upgraded to the Mega Progressive Jackpot is awarded. At the end of the Pong Throw Bonus, the credit value or Progressive Jackpot amount of every cup on screen will be awarded. Progressive Jackpots The Progressive Jackpots are only available during the Pong Throw Bonus. The 2 Progressive Jackpots are: Major and Mega. A has a chance to award the Major Progressive Jackpot. The Mega Progressive Jackpot will be awarded if all cups are upgraded to . The Jackpot meter is reset each time it is awarded. Each bet multiplier has its own Progressive Jackpots and contributions. Those unique Progressive Jackpots and contributions can only be achieved on the associated bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game bet: 0.30% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. 0.20% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at the minimum bet are: Major: $40.00 Mega: $300.00 The start-up values are multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 5/29/2025