Ultimate Ink Megadrop This is an Any Ways pays game. When 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 reel way configurations are selected, there are 4,16, 64, 256 and 1024 active reel ways respectively. WILD WILD symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitute for all symbols except SCATTER. SCATTER SCATTER symbols may land anywhere on the reels, and will be awarded even if the respective reel way is inactive. Land 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the base game to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Land 2 or more SCATTER symbols in the Free Spins Feature to be awarded additional free spins. Reel Cost Total bet is the cost of a reel multiplied by the bet per reel. Select the number of reels to play with by choosing the reel cost. The reel cost is a multiplier which is displayed as 1x, 5x, 10x, 20x or 40x. Then select the bet per reel to determine the total bet for the spin. Only symbols which land on an active reel will be awarded, with the exception of SCATTER symbols which will be awarded even if they land on an inactive reel. Free Spins Bonus Land 3, 4, or 5 SCATTER symbols in the base game to trigger the Free Spins Bonus, and be awarded 8,15 or 20 free spins, respectively. A total bet multiplier will be awarded for landing 3,4 or 5 scatter symbols. The scatter wins are added to the reel way wins. This feature can be retriggered. During the Free Spins Bonus, land at least 2 SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reel set to be awarded additional free spins. Any additional free spins won will be added to the amount of free spins remaining. During the Free Spins Bonus, each WILD symbol that lands on the reel set, when used in a winning combination, will multiply the payout of that way by 2 or 3. This is accumulative for each WILD symbol that lands on selected reels. The multiplier will only be awarded for active reels. All free spins will be played with the same total bet as the spin that triggered the feature. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. LEGAL NOTICES All players will be notified when a Progressive jackpot is won. When one game round makes a claim for one of the Progressive jackpots, it is simultaneously assured that no other game round can claim the same Progressive jackpot. Progressive winnings do not count towards the maximum win for the game. The theoretical return to player with and without Mega Drop is as follows: With Mega Drop: 96.00% Without Mega Drop: 94.00% This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. This does not apply to Mega Drop. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. TM and © 2019 Scientific Games Corp. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 11/30/2021