Ultimate Fire Link Country Lights BASE GAME Base Game consists of 5 x 4 grid game play. Base Game is played on 50 pay lines. WILD SYMBOL LANTERN substitutes for all symbols except FREE SPINS and FIREBALL. BASE GAME PAYTABLE Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. FIRE LINK FEATURE Each FIREBALL will display a value based on the table. BASE GAME Rows 1-4 :- 1x Total Bet - 100x Total Bet, Mini, Minor or Major Fire Link Features Rows 1-7 :- 1x Total Bet - 100x Total Bet, Mini, Minor or Major Row 8 :- 10x Total Bet - 100x Total Bet, Mini, Minor, Major or Mega In the base game, 4 or more scattered FIREBALL trigger the Fire Link Feature and awards 3 spins. All FIREBALL that trigger the feature are held for the duration of the feature. During the feature, any additional FIREBALL that land will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if FIREBALL land on an active row, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. Number of held symbols on active rows Active Rows Up to 7 Row 1-4 8-11 Row 1-5 12-15 Row 1-6 16-19 Row 1-7 20+ Row 1-8 At the start of the feature, 8 rows are displayed and rows 1-4 are active. For each spin, active rows are based on the table. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on all FIREBALL that appear on active rows is awarded. If all 40 positions are held, no additional spins will be played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Only FIREBALL are evaluated during the feature. Row numbering starts from the bottommost row. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, 3 FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 award 5 Free Spins Bonus and 2x Total Bet. The Free Spins Bonus game consists of 5 x 8 grid game play. An alternate set of reels is used during the bonus. The bet per line remains the same as the spin that triggered the Bonus. Free Spin bonus is played on 150 pay lines. Fire link bonus is not available in free spin bonus. During the bonus the multiplier displayed on all the fireballs landed on the reels are awarded at the end of each spin. During the bonus, FIREBALL symbols can only award between 1x Total Bet to 100x Total Bet but will not award any jackpots. During the bonus, 3 scattered FREE SPINS on reels 2, 3, and 4 award additional 5 free spins and 2x Total Bet. If both the Fire Link feature and the Free Spins feature are won in a single spin, the Fire Link feature will play out first. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/9/2023