Undead Rich Introduction Undead Rich is a 10 win line, 5 reel slot game featuring expanding wilds and a Free Spins bonus feature! How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins or the Free Spins bonus. 3 or more bonus symbols in view during the base game triggers the bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Fortune Bet Selecting the FORTUNE BET button doubles the height of the bonus symbol and increases the current stake by 50%. Select the button again to disable FORTUNE BET. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules Line wins must match 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel symbols on a win line. All wins pay left to right during all games, starting from the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the lines. All games are played with 10 win lines. Bets and Payouts Only the highest win per winning combination pays Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Bonus Features Expanding Wild When a WILD symbol lands in view it will expand to fill all positions on the corresponding reel. WILDS substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. WILDS are only available on reels 2, 3 & 4. Free Spins Bonus 3 or more bonus symbols landing in view on the reels triggers the Free Spins bonus. Free Spins awards 12 number of Free Spins that, when a WILD symbol lands in view, replaces the current lowest paying symbol with a higher paying symbol for the duration of the bonus. WILDS and BONUS symbols landing in view during the Free Spins bonus also award additional Free Spins, as follows: 1 WILD in view = 1 Free Spin. 2 WILDS in view = 3 Free Spins. 3 WILDS in view = 5 Free Spins. 3 OR MORE BONUS in view = 12 Free Spins. Game Recovery Bet Recovery Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination to the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. If for example, the game was started but not fully completed due to closure of the browser or connectivity problems, this will not affect the final result of the game after the game has recovered, and any winnings will be correctly paid to your account balance, and will be exactly according to the winning or losing result produced prior to the game being prematurely terminated. General Information The RTP for this game is 95%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/25/2021