Ultimate Fire Link River Walk PAYTABLE Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. WILD SYMBOL WILD substitutes for all symbols except FREE SPINS and FIREBALL. FIRE LINK™ FEATURE Each FIREBALL will display a value based on the table. In the base game, 4 or more scattered FIREBALL trigger the Fire Link Feature and awards 3 spins. All FIREBALL that trigger the feature are held for the duration of the feature. During the feature, any additional FIREBALL that land will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if FIREBALL land on an active row, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. At the start of the Feature, 8 rows are displayed and rows 1-4 are active. For each spin, active rows are based on the table. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on all FIREBALL that appear on active rows is awarded. If all 40 positions are held, no additional spins will be played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Only FIREBALL are evaluated during the feature. Row numbering starts from the bottom-most row. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards the Free Spins Bonus and 2x Total Bet. When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, select 1 of 6 bonus options presented. During the bonus, a random multiplier from the selected Wild Multipliers Set will be applied to all line pays involving 1 or more WILD. During the Free Spins Bonus, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 10 additional free spins and 2x Total Bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except FIREBALL does not appear. BUY PASS™ BUY PASS allows direct access to the Free Spins Bonus. The cost of BUY PASS for the Free Spin Bonus is equal to 38.10 based on the current bet. BUY PASS allows direct access to Fire Link Feature. The cost of BUY PASS for the Fire Link Feature is equal to 42.00 based on the current bet. BUY PASS cannot be activate during Autoplay. The expected return for the Free Spins Bonus with BUY PASS is 96.05% The expected return for the Fire Link Feature with BUY PASS is 96.02%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 95.97%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Last modification date: 5/23/2023