Ultimate Fire Link China Street WILD SYMBOL LANTERN substitutes for all symbols except FREE SPINS and FIREBALL. PAYTABLE Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. FIRE LINK FEATURE Each FIREBALL will display a value based on the table. In the base game, 4 or more scattered FIREBALL trigger the Fire Link Feature and awards 3 spins. All FIREBALL that trigger the feature are held for the duration of the feature. During the feature, any additional FIREBALL that land will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if FIREBALL land on an active row, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on all FIREBALL that appear on active rows is awarded. If all 40 positions are held, no additional spins will be played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Only FIREBALL are evaluated during the feature. Row numbering starts from the bottommost row. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards the Free Spins Bonus and 2x Total Bet. When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, select 1 of 6 bonus options presented. During the bonus, a random multiplier from the selected Wild Multipliers Set will be applied to all line pays involving 1 or more LANTERN. During the bonus, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3, and 4 award additional free spins equal to the number of free spins awarded at the start of the bonus and 2x Total Bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except FIREBALL does not appear. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed €250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 95.97%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Last modification date: 9/19/2023