Ultra Stack Feature Tiki GAME DESCRIPTION This is the game specification for "ULTRA STACK FEATURE TIKI™. ULTRA STACK FEATURE TIKI™, is a 5-reel 50-line video slot game. A maximum of 200 FREE GAMES can be won depending on the number of feature symbols appearing when the feature is triggered. Special reels with increased Top symbol are used during the FREE GAMES. “ULTRA STACK FEATURE TIKI™”,has a 4x5 matrix layout, with fixed 50 lines. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. UI BUTTONS Title Icon Action Spin Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop Stops the reel spin immediately (wherever applicable). Autoplay Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins consecutively: 10,25,50,100,200,500,1000 (wherever applicable). Autoplay Stop Press to stop Autoplay session manually (wherever applicable). Bet Displays the bet options for the player to select the level of their bet. Menu Displays a settings screen with the following options to choose: Bet, Info and Help. Audio Choose to enable/disable the sound. Turbo Spin Turn on/off to change the speed of the Spin to a faster/normal spin(wherever applicable). Gamble Start the gamble game - Press the GAMBLE button at a win. Collect Collect the win and go back to the base game. SETTING BUTTONS Title Icon Action Paytable Choose to view the Paytable and feature descriptions for the game. Help Displays the detailed information about the game. Bet Setting Displays the Coin value options available for the player to select and change the level of their bet. Setting Close Close the window. Max Displays the maximum bet. [IMPORTANT]: AUTOPLAY AND TURBO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE GAME YOU ARE PLAYING. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Shows the value of the bet from the current bet configurations. Coin value: Shows the current coin value. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency. ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES appearing on 3 or more consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel trigger the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES. When the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES are triggered, a number appears on each that was involved in triggering the feature. The sum of the numbers that appeared is awarded as FREE GAMES in the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES. 1, 2, 3, 5, 7 or 10 FREE GAMES are awarded for each . The number of FREE GAMES awarded for 1 set of ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES ranges from 3 to 200 games. Different reels are used during the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES. ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES can be triggered again during the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES. All bets and lines played during the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES are the same as the game that triggered the ULTRA STACK FREE GAMES. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum bet of 50 credits multiplied by coin value to play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins are shown in currency. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Scatter wins are determined when scatter appears on 3 or more consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol appearing on a reel is counted once per winning combination. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. wins are multiplied by the total bet. All wins are multiplied by coin value except . FREE GAMES wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win, press the GAMBLE button. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct. Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Wins may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choices: 10,25,50,100,200,500,1000. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable): Loss Limit : Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit : Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit : Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop on any win: Stops on any Wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game. “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP The return to player of the game is 97.93%. Last modification date: 4/1/2025