Ultimate Fire Link Rue Royale WILD SYMBOL N/A substitutes for all symbols except N/A and N/A. PAYTABLE Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. FIRE LINK FEATURE Each N/A will display a value based on the table. Base Game Rows 1-4 :- 1x Total Bet - 100x Total Bet,Mini, Minor or Major Fire Link Features Rows 1-7 :- 1x Total Bet - 100x Total Bet,Mini, Minor or Major Row 8 :- 10x Total Bet - 100x Total Bet, Mini, Minor, Major or Mega In the base game, 4 or more scattered N/A trigger the Fire Link Feature and awards 3 spins. All N/A that trigger the feature are held for the duration of the feature. During the feature, any additional N/A that land will be held for the remainder of the feature. Additionally, if N/A land on an active row, the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. Number of held symbols on active rows Active Rows Up to 7 Row 1-4 8-11 Row 1-5 12-15 Row 1-6 16-19 Row 1-7 20+ Row 1-8 At the start of the feature, 8 rows are displayed and rows 1-4 are active. For each spin, active rows are based on the table. At the end of the feature, the prize displayed on all N/A that appear on active rows is awarded. If all 40 positions are held, no additional spins will be played. An alternate set of reels is used during the feature. Only N/A are evaluated during the feature. Row numbering starts from the bottom-most row. FREE SPINS BONUS During the base game, FREE SPINS scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards the Free Spins Bonus and 2x Total Bet. During the Free Spins Bonus, N/A scattered on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 10 additional free spins and 2x Total Bet. An alternate set of reels is used during the bonus. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except FIREBALL does not appear. GAME RULES Only highest win paid per winning combination. Wins on different paylines are added. All wins on selected paylines only. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. In accordance with the fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome is always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required.In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. The expected return for this game is 93.99%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. The look and feel of the game and its individual components and displays are trade dress of Light & Wonder, Inc. and its subsidiaries. TM and © 2016, N/A Light & Wonder, Inc. and its Subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 11/14/2023