Ultra Blazing Fire Link How To Play This game has a 5x4 reel set and 50 paylines, which are always active during the reel game. Wins are paid when any 3, 4 or 5 of the same symbols appear on the reels from left to right. The RING symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except TREASURE CHEST, RED FIREBALL and WHITE FIREBALL symbols. Ultra Blazing Fire Link Bonus When 4 or more red or white FIREBALL symbols appear scattered in view, the Ultra Blazing Fire Link ™ Bonus is triggered. You are given 3 spins, and FIREBALL symbols with credit values or jackpot prizes can appear on the reels. Each FIREBALL landed will lock in place and reset the spin counter to 3. Collecting a certain number of FIREBALLS will unlock the next row above, with a maximum 4 additional rows available to be unlocked. If the feature is triggered with 8 or more FIREBALL symbols, the first additional row is unlocked immediately. White FIREBALL symbols can upgrade RED fireball values. Fire balls Additional Rows Unlocked 8 1 12 2 16 3 20 4 When the spin counter is zero, the bonus is completed, and the sum of the credit values and jackpot prizes displayed on the locked FIREBALLS will be awarded. The WHITE FIREBALL symbols may increase the value of RED FIREBALL symbols. No line pay wins are possible during the Ultra Blazing Fire Link™ bonus. Free Spins Bonus When 3 TREASURE CHEST symbols appear scattered in view on reels 2, 3 and 4, the Free Spins Bonus is triggered. A prize of 1x total bet and 8 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins play automatically, and the Ultra Blazing Fire Link Bonus™ can be triggered during Free Spins. If a TREASURE CHEST symbol appears on reel 5, one additional Free Spin will be awarded. Free Spins are played with the same total bet, awards and winning combinations as the base game which triggered the bonus. Free Spins will end when there are no Free Spins remaining. Free Spins will end when the maximum win has been achieved. Return to player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.31% Malfunction voids all pays and play Last modification date: 1/18/2022