Viking Wilds Viking Wilds is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with win ways from 1024 to 3125 depending on the number of expanding reels, featuring normal Wild , Expanding Wilds, Sticky Wilds, Free Tumbles and Free Spins with incremental multipliers. You play a fixed 20 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select a new value using the arrows. MAX BET sets the bet value to the maximum. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/20. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE and the number of win ways Wins are calculated by: counting the number of consecutive reels with matching symbols and multiplying the relative multipler, shown in the paytable, by the product of the number of matching symbols on each reel. Wild symbols simultaneously counts as all non wild symbols. During the game, Wild and Expanding Wild symbols may appear on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th reels. A sticky wild symbol may appear on the central reel. Each Wild awards you a different key, collected keys disappear every time a new bet is placed. If you successfully collect all 3 different keys in one game round, Free Spins are awarded. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 6000 per game round or 300,000 coins. If the payout exceeds these amount for any reason then the payout will be instead reduced to this amount. Expanding Wild Symbol When a Expanding Wild icon appears on the top position of any reel, it will expand covering the entire reel. Only one Expanding Wild can appear on the reels at the same time. Expanding Wilds substitute for all non Wild symbols and can appear on any reel other than the 1st. Expanding reels Reels can randomly expand. Once expanded a reel stays expanded for the rest of the winning sequence. During Free Spins expanded reels stays expanded until the end. Reels expanding sequece is always 1,3,5 from the center position. 1 Expanded Reel set the win ways to 1280 3 Expanded Reels set the win ways to 2000 5 Expanded Reels set the win ways to 3125 Free Spins 12 Free Spins are awarded by getting all the 3 different keys, 2 Additional Free Spins and +1 multiplier are added for each additional Reels Expansion. 0 expanded reel: 12 Free Spins, x1 Multiplier 1 expanded reel: 14 Free Spins, x2 Multiplier 3 expanded reels: 16 Free Spins, x3 Multiplier 5 expanded reels: 18 Free Spins, x4 Multiplier During Free Spins, incremental multipliers are awarded each time reels or a wild expand. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay when you win a round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Press Space to Spin. Enables placing bet with the Spacebar. Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play. Speeds up game play and reduces animations. Autoplay Page Autoplay. See Advanced Autoplay Options earlier. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Bet settings page Display in coins. Toggles between coins and cash, it only affects total balance and winnings, bet is always displayed in cash using the current currency. Home page. Click the Home button to come back to the lobby. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06 %. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 3/27/2019