Vegas Megaways Introducing the game Vegas Megaways is a six-reel video slot with reacting wins featuring Big Time Gaming’s unique Megaways™. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each inpidual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 10 Free Spins for 75 times the Free Spins Stake, or 20 Free Spins for 150 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Buying a bonus starts the VIP Gamble. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Extra Reel The extra reel adds a symbol to the reel it is below for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the extra reel. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute every symbol except Scatter. Wilds are only present in the extra reel. Scatter The Scatter symbol can appear in any of the six vertical reels. Get three Scatters to win eight Free Spins and start the VIP Gamble. Each additional Scatter moves you up a rung in the VIP Gamble prize ladder. VIP Gamble The VIP Gamble gives you the chance to win up to 50 Free Spins. The gamble prize ladder has 12 rungs. The rung values are 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 25, 30, 40, and 50 Free Spins. The starting rung is determined by the number of Scatters that triggered the feature. Rung 1 for 3 Scatters, Rung 2 for 4 Scatters, and so on. Rung 2 and Rung 7 are safety net rungs. Reaching these rungs guarantee at least 10 and 20 Free Spins respectively. Collect / Gamble To start Free Spins without gambling press COLLECT. To gamble select either Spades, Hearts, Clubs or Diamonds and press GAMBLE. A successful gamble moves you up a rung up the prize ladder. An unsuccessful gamble exits the feature with 0, 10 or 20 Free Spins depending on the ladder rung reached. COLLECT is disabled at rung 2 and rung 7 because these are risk free gambles. Tips A Tip is given at each gamble. The Tips are Remove Two, Winning Odds, and All Odds. Remove Two removes two incorrect answers. Winning Odds reveals the most likely answer and its chance of being correct. All Odds reveals the chance of being correct for each answer. Free Spins During Free Spins there is an unlimited win multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. Free Spin Scatter symbols can appear in the extra reel and will award extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Scatter The Free Spin Scatter symbol can appear in the extra reel during Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 4 extra Free Spins. 4 Scatters = 8 extra Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. Overall RTP: 96.29% General Information If choosing to gamble in the VIP Gamble, the optimal strategy is to choose the answer indicated by the Winning Odds Tip and to choose an answer with the highest percentage in the All Odds Tip. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/20/2022