Visitors Game description: Visitors is a 5 reels, 5 rows slot with 3125 win ways with respin features and a free spins bonus game. The main game is set out in a village where the Visitors (aliens) are attacking the village with the respin features Big-o-Beam, Abductions and Alien Attacks. The village people are fighting back in the free spins bonus game where the artillery is shooting down the spaceships and building defence walls with extra multipliers for great winning potentials. 2 RESPIN symbols trigger a respin with 2 respin features. 3 BONUS symbols trigger the free spins bonus game. Game view: Bet amount and balance are always displayed in the info bar at the bottom of the game view in the currency that the player has chosen. This information is always available throughout the gaming session. Winnings are displayed in the selected currency in the middle of the info bar at the bottom of the game view when playing in landscape mode, and at the top of the game view when playing in portrait mode. Symbol clarification: Symbol payout in coins Symbol image 5 in a row 4 in a row 3 in a row 1 500 1 000 500 500 300 150 150 100 80 80 70 60 70 60 50 40 35 30 35 30 25 30 25 20 25 20 15 20 15 10 Paylines: Visitors has 3125 ways to win. Left to right. Special symbols: Symbol image Function The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus scatter or respin scatter symbols. A winning combination of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. Respin Feature Big-o-Beam Scatter Respin Feature Abduction Scatter Respin Feature Alien Attack Scatter Bonus Scatter Game features: Respin: Landing 2x RESPIN symbols on reel 1 and 5 triggers a respin with 2 respin features. Big o Beam (expanding symbols): Respin feature in the main game. A symbol gets expanded to a 2x2 or 3x3 symbol. Abduction (multipliers): Respin feature in the main game. Cows are sucked up by the alien spaceships and one of them will bring a win multiplier up to 15x to the respin. Alien Attack (extra sticky wilds): Respin feature in the main game. Random sticky WILD symbols are placed out on the reel in the respin. Bonus Game: Landing 3x BONUS symbols on reel 1, 3 and 5 triggers the Alien Invasion free spins bonus game. Played with 25 mini reels with Blanks, Silver spaceship and Golden spaceship symbols. A landed Silver spaceship is a win paid 1x bet and builds a wall around the mini reel with a multiplier of 2x for the next win on the same mini reel. Following wins on the mini reel will be multiplied and the multiplier will be doubled for subsequent wins. If any two areas of walled-in mini reels are adjacent (vertically) they will join and be connected in a larger wall using the highest win multiplier. A landed Golden spaceship doubles all the win multipliers. The Free Spins bonus game builds up an exciting visual potential to the Player of very high multipliers, which if happens – pays really well. Betting strategies: Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn oﬀ the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Button clarifications: Button Name Menu Bet levels Spin Auto spin Lobby Paytable Game rules Settings History Promotion Game rules: Visitors is a 5 reels, 5 rows slot with 3125 paylines. The game oﬀers several bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are represented in the player's currency or in The player can change preference in Settings. Visitors is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Bonus scatter and the Respin scatter A payline of all Wild symbols pays as the highest value symbol. 2 Respin scatter symbols appearing on the reels 1 and 5 in normal mode trigger a respin with 2 of the following respin features added to the respin: Big o Beam: A paying symbol expands to a 2x2 or 3x3 symbol and gets sticky during the respin. Abduction: A Win multiplier up to 15x is applied to respin wins. Alien Attack: Sticky WILD symbols are added to the reels. Respin can retrigger. 3 Bonus scatter symbols appearing on the reels 1, 3 and 5 in normal mode trigger the free spins bonus game. The bonus game is played with 25 mini reels in a 5x5 grid, starting with 5 free spins. The mini reels consist of blanks, silver spaceship and golden spaceship symbols. A silver spaceship landing on a reel is a win paid 1x bet. A wall is then built around the reel with a win multiplier for following wins within the wall. The wall's win multiplier starts at 2x and is doubled for each subsequent win within the wall. Any vertically adjacent walls are joined to form a common larger wall with the highest respective wall multiplier. Wall multipliers are displayed on the Walls are colored in bronze, silver, gold and platinum to indicate higher multipliers. A golden spaceship is no win but doubles the win multipliers of all walls for following spins. If at least 1 spaceship lands during a free spin, 1 new free spin is awarded. Maximum wall multiplier is 4096x. A game round will end if the maximum win is reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of a game round. No bets can be changed during a game round. The theoretical payout (RTP) is 96.1%. The game has a maximum win of 1,000,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all wins and bets are void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/6/2020