Vegas Ways RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 17.17- MEDIUM GAME RULES This game is played between 3,125 and 100,000 ways, depending on the Fission Power Feature. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position in the play area. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Values displayed in the [Game Rules/Help Screens] have not been pre-multiplied, except where stated. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all high pay and low pay symbols except the Bonus Symbol. Wild Symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. At the start of each base game spin, each position on the reels will randomly become a single, double, or quadruple position. Symbols landing on a double or quadruple position upgrade to the corresponding double or quadruple version of that symbol. A Bonus Symbol landing on a single position automatically upgrades into Double Bonus Symbol or Quadruple Bonus Symbol. Double symbols count as 2 of the corresponding single symbol. Quadruple symbols count as 2 of the corresponding single symbol on 2 different positions on that reel. After any base game spin with at least 10 double or quadruple positions, if no winning combinations were formed an additional base game spin may be awarded. The additional spin is played with the same set of single, double, and quadruple positions as the spin that awarded it. FREE GAMES During the base game, 6 or more Bonus Symbols appearing on the reels starts the Free Games Bonus. 6 Bonus Symbols awards 15 free games. 8 Bonus Symbols awards 20 free games. 10 Bonus Symbols awards 25 free games. 12 Bonus Symbols awards 30 free games. Bonus Symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all high pay and low pay Free Games Symbols. Free Games Wild Symbols appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. At the start of each free game, each single position on the reels may randomly become a double or quadruple position. At the start of each free game, each double position on the reels may randomly become a quadruple position. A double position remains a double position for the rest of the Free Games Bonus or until it becomes a quadruple position. A quadruple position remains a quadruple position for the rest of the Free Games Bonus. Symbols landing on a double or quadruple position upgrade to the corresponding double or quadruple version of that symbol. Double symbols count as 2 of the corresponding single symbol. Quadruple symbols count as 2 of the corresponding single symbol on 2 different positions on that reel. Last modification date: 7/12/2022