Viking Pays 1 Introduction: Viking Pays is a 5x3 all ways pay slot game with up to 243 ways to win, featuring Re-Life free spins with Life Saver Spin and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play: Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules: All games are played with up to 243 ways to win with the exception of Life Saver Spins. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. 4 Features: 4.1 Re-Life Free Spins During the base game 3 or more scatters anywhere in view awards the bonus. All Re-Life spins bonuses begin with 3 lives represented as coins. Entering the bonus with 3 scatters starts the bonus with a 2x Multiplier Entering the bonus with 4 scatters starts the bonus with a 4x Multiplier Entering the bonus with 5 scatters starts the bonus with a 5x Multiplier Every losing spin a life is taken away. Once all lives are lost the player exits free spins. Every winning spin the lives are reset to 3. Every winning spin the multiplier increases to the next level on the ladder, up to a maximum of X50. On any spin where you only have 1 life remaining the Life Saver Spin will activate and a single WILD symbol will occupy reel 3. Due to the single WILD symbol on reel 3 this spin is played with 81 ways to win. All wins are multiplied by the current multiplier. 4.2 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information: 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for an individual game cycle in the base game is the maximum of 95.58% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/8/2021