Video Poker Introduction Video Poker is a faithful reproduction of the popular poker product. Standard video poker rules Up to 20 selectable hands A full deck is used for each hand which is shuffled after each game Switchable hi-tech and 90’s retro themed interface Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately You will lose your stake amount if you lose the game. How to Play When the game first loads, tap either the ‘Modern’ or ‘RETRO’ buttons located centrally on the game interface to select the graphic theme. Please note: Other than the physical appearance of the game interface, the theme has no bearing on the gameplay or options. Set Your Stake Select your stake by tapping either the ‘+’ or ‘-’ buttons located to the right of the main game interface to either increase or decrease your stake per hand respectively. If the minimum or maximum stake value is reached, the respective button becomes inactive until the opposite stake button has been tapped and the limit is no longer reached. The selected stake value is displayed in the ‘Stake’ field located vertically between the stake buttons. The total bet value is displayed in the ‘Total Bet’ field located above the ‘+’ button to the right of the game interface. The total bet is the selected stake value multiplied by the number of selected hands to play. Start The Game Start the game by tapping the ‘DEAL’ button located bottom right of the game interface. The stake is deducted from the current ‘Balance’ field located top right of the game interface. Buttons Tap the ‘MENU’ button located top right of the game interface to access the menu section where you can view gameplay information, change the interface style, number of hands to play and set auto hold. Tap the ‘INFO’ button to trigger the gameplay information popup. Tap the ‘left’ and ‘right’ arrow buttons located to the right of the popup to navigate backwards or forwards respectively through the available information. Tap the ‘EXIT’ button located top right of the popup to close the popup and return to the main game interface. Tap the ‘STYLE’ button to trigger the style selection menu. Tap either the ‘Modern’ or ‘RETRO’ buttons located centrally on the game interface to select the graphic theme and close the style selection menu. Please note: The ‘STYLE’ button is disabled when a game is in play. To change the number of hands you wish to play from 1 to 20 (the default is 20), tap the ‘+’ or ‘-’ buttons located below the ‘HANDS’ field to the right of the menu interface. If the minimum or maximum hands value is reached, the respective button becomes inactive until the opposite hands button has been tapped and the limit is no longer reached. The number of selected hands is displayed in the ‘HANDS’ field located above the ‘+’ button. Tap the ‘Auto Hold’ button to toggle the auto hold function on and off. With auto hold on, the game will automatically hold the best hands from all hands in play. Tap the ‘EXIT’ button located at the top of the menu interface to close the menu and return to the standard game interface buttons. How Do You Win? Once the ‘DEAL’ button has been selected the ‘main’ cards located centrally at the bottom of the game interface turn over in quick succession from left to right to reveal their values. The user must now tap whichever card may contribute to a winning combination to hold that card value in place. Once a card is held, that same card position and value is displayed and held in all hands in play. Please note: If Auto Hold is selected the game selects the best combination and automatically holds the relevant cards. When the user is happy with his selection, he should tap the ‘DEAL’ button again to re-deal all the cards for all hands in play. Once the ‘DEAL’ button has been selected, all cards that have not been held will turn over in quick succession starting with the hand located top left and finishing with the ‘main’ hand. As the card values are displayed for each hand in play, any winning combinations are displayed by both highlighting the combination in the payout table and via a ‘win’ overlay in front of the relevant hand. The ‘win’ overlay displays both the combination type (‘three of a kind’ for example) and the win value. Once all card values have been revealed and any wins displayed, a ‘win’ popup is displayed centrally showing the total win value. The user can either collect the total win by tapping the ‘Collect’ button or gamble the total win by tapping the ‘Gamble’ button located at the bottom left and right of the popup respectively. The possible win value if the user wishes to gamble (double the total current win) is displayed centrally in the popup below the total win value. If the user chooses to collect, the total win value is credited to the user’s account, the popup closes and the game reverts to its initial state ready for a new game. If the user chooses to gamble, the popup closes, the game interface is reset and the user is shown a new ‘main’ hand and invited to choose any card to reveal a value by tapping the relevant card. Once a card is revealed, in order to win, the user must select a second card to reveal which must be of a higher or equal value to the first. If the second card is of the same value as the first - the winning card will be determined by suit: spades (high/top), clubs, hearts, diamonds - lowest/bottom) If the gamble is won, the ‘win’ popup is once again displayed with the new total win value and possible gamble award if the user wishes to gamble once again (upto a maximum of 4 gambles). If the gamble is lost, any win value is lost and reset, the popup closes and the game reverts to its initial state. The message ‘Sorry, bad luck, press deal to play again.’ is displayed in the ‘feedback’ panel. Payouts The payouts available for each card combination are located to the left of the game interface and are updated based on the chosen stake. Each payout value is a multiplier of the stake value as follows: Card Combination Multiplier Royal Flush x800 Straight Flush x50 4 of a Kind x25 Full House x9 Flush x6 Straight x4 3 of a Kind x3 2 Pairs x2 Jacks or Better x1 The max payout is £100,000 . All currencies are expressed in GBP. The amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser etc), any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. If the game is started but the result has not been displayed upon resumption the user will be presented with the initial game interface. If the result has been displayed but the user has not yet chosen to collect or gamble, upon resumption the user will be presented with the final result and the ‘win’ popup with the collect and gamble options. If the gamble feature has started, upon resumption the user will be presented with the previously chosen card. The sequence and values of events leading to the display of the total award, may vary from the animation prior to game recovery. This will not affect the result of the game after the game has recovered. General Information This game has a Return to Player of up to 99.54% System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Any unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Last modification date: 5/9/2018