Valhall Gold Game rules Valhall Gold is a 6 reel, 4 rows slot with dropping symbols. The columns can expand upwards to a maximum of 9 rows. Each additional symbol drop will add an additional row of symbols, up to a maximum of 9 rows, increasing the number of ways to win. The number of ways to win increases as the number of rows increases. rows: 4,096 ways to win rows: 15,625 ways to win rows: 46,656 ways to win rows: 117,649 ways to win rows: 262,144 ways to win rows: 531,441 ways to win All drops in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win. The minimum bet is £ 0.20, and the maximum bet is £ 100.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins begin with the first leftmost reel and only pay from left to right on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the highest win per active payline is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Winnings are presented in the player's currency. Valhall Gold is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free drops. All low, mid and high value symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2, Mega 3x3 and Epic 4x4. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. 1 Super 2x2 is counted as 4 standard 1x1 symbols. All normal wild symbols exist in four sizes; standard 1x1, 2x2, 3x3, 4x4. Odin’s Ravens symbols are of size 1x2 and drop in as blockers. They activate and turn to wild when there are two or more simultaneously in view. An active Odin’s Raven symbol pays as a regular 1x1 wild symbol. Empty spaces occurring below big symbols are filled with 1x1 sized symbols of the same type as the big symbol to reach a stable horizontal resting state. Empty spaces under the Thor wild and Loki symbols are filled with 1x1 regular wild symbols. All symbols that extend beyond the current achieved amount of rows award a refill up to the highest row reached via symbol extension. Further refills continue from this new achieved amount of rows up to a maximum of nine rows. The ninth row can only be reached with a large symbol extending to the top row. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the bonus, Loki, inactive Odin’s Ravens and Thor wild symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. Spike symbols are regular paying and wild symbols with a spike frame. Spikes may point out from symbol edges towards the centre of a column or Spikes may point out from symbol corners towards the centre of a diagonally adjacent 1x1 symbol or into a big Win combinations with spike symbols may intersect multiple times resulting in additional evaluations, each time draining the winning symbols of their symbol value, except for wilds. The spike frames remain on the drained symbols. Spike replications passing through a big symbol may create a spike replication line that is offset to adapt to the sides and edges of the big symbol. Spike replications may pass through Loki, Thor and Odin’s Ravens symbols but those symbols will not turn into the spike symbol. Loki is a blocker symbol of size 2x2 that provides different features for each win evaluation. There needs to be a win to activate Loki, but then he will be activated for the rest of the round. Loki performs his feature prior to the win evaluation. There are 4 different Loki features; Multiplier, Both Ways, Spike Storm and Axe Fury. Loki Multiplier: For the current win evaluation a multiplier of x2, x3, x5 or x10 is applied to the base win. Loki’s multiplier is additive to any saved multiplier during the bonus game. Loki Both Ways: Activates a win evaluation from both left and right. Loki Spike Storm: Adds a random number of spike frames on existing symbols in view which turn them into spike symbols. Loki Axe Fury: Upgrades a random number of symbols in view to the same symbol. The Thor wild is a 2x2 wild symbol that is sticky during a single drop. A win with a Loki feature in the bonus game activates the feature’s slot in Loki’s inventory. The next win with the same Loki feature will save the feature in Loki’s inventory, and the feature becomes sticky for the remaining free drops. Saved Loki multipliers are additive. When Loki’s inventory saves a Loki multiplier, all future wins are multiplied by the saved multiplier. Loki may award additional multipliers after the first multiplier has been saved. Wins subject to both the saved multiplier in Loki’s inventory and a new Loki multiplier are multiplied by their additive sum. Each subsequent Loki multiplier will be added to the saved multiplier in Loki’s inventory once the Loki multiplier slot is activated. The Both Ways feature remains active for the remainder of the bonus game once it has been saved in Loki’s inventory. This allows for right to left connections in all future win evaluations. Loki will no longer award the Loki Both Ways feature once it has been saved. Each remaining free drop has a Spike Storm activation after the initial set of symbols have dropped, once the Spike Storm feature has been saved in Loki’s inventory. The Spike Storm feature can only be saved once in Loki’s inventory. Loki may award additional Loki Spike Storm features also after the Spike Storm feature has been saved in Loki’s inventory. Each remaining free drop has an Axe Fury activation after the initial set of symbols have dropped in, once the Axe Fury feature has been saved in Loki’s inventory. The Axe Fury feature can only be saved once in Loki’s inventory. Loki may award additional Loki Axe Fury features also after the Axe Fury feature has been saved in Loki’s inventory. A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free drops. bonus symbols: 10 free drops bonus symbols: 15 free drops bonus symbols: 20 free drops bonus symbols: 25 free drops The free drops bonus game always starts with the safety level being set to 5 rows after the first winning free drop. Every winning free drop advances the safety level one row to a maximum of 8 rows. The ninth row is only opened up from a large symbol extending into it, in which case the remainder of the free drop is played at 9 rows. Safety level activation and row increments are applied between free drops. Three or more bonus symbols during bonus mode retrigger additional free drops. The number of additional free drops is determined in the same way as when the bonus game was initially triggered. The free drops bonus game ends when no free drops remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Valhall Gold is 94.0%. The game will be capped at 25 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 7/1/2025