Vegas Diamonds Game Rules 1. Vegas Diamonds is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 5 paylines. 2. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. 8. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. 9. Vegas Diamonds is played in four modes; Normal mode, Perfect Match Respins mode, Fortune Wheel mode and Free Spins mode. 10. Three diamond symbols anywhere in view nudge the reels, after payout, to get all three diamonds aligned on the middle row. Then the diamonds payout as well as potential additional new paylines. 11. Identical hits on the first two reels trigger the Perfect Match Respins with 3 respins. 12. The first two reels lock during Perfect Match Respins while the third reel spins normally. 13. Diamond symbols will nudge in Perfect Match Respins but the reels will be adjusted back to locked position prior to the next respin. 14. Perfect Match Respins can only be trigged in Normal mode. 15. A combination of 3 fortune wheel symbols (scatters) anywhere on the reels during Normal or Perfect Match Respins mode triggers Fortune Wheel mode with 3 spins on the Fortune Wheel. Any number of fortune wheel symbols during the Free Spins mode increases the number of spins available on the Fortune Wheel by that number. 16. In case the Fortune Wheel mode is triggered from Perfect Match Respins mode the respins are paused and resumed after the end of the Fortune Wheel and Free Spins modes. 17. If the first two reels have identical symbols and 3 fortune wheel symbols hit both Perfect Match Respins and Fortune Wheel modes are awarded. In such a case the spins in the Fortune Wheel mode will be played first before continuing to the respins in Perfect Match Respins mode. 18. A hit on the Free Spins section on the Fortune Wheel immediately triggers Free Spins mode with 5 free spins and a 5x multiplier on all wins. 19. Every hit on the arrow section on the Fortune Wheel makes the wheel advance one level (Bronze, Silver and Golden Wheel) and awards an additional spin on the new level. 20. The potentially higher attained level of the Fortune Wheel is not retained in case the Fortune Wheel mode is triggered more than once during Perfect Match Respins mode. 21. The collected additional spins on the Fortune Wheel are played after the Free Spins on the reels are finished. 22. The Vegas Diamonds bonus game ends when no spins remain on the Fortune Wheel, no free spins remain on the reels or when the maximum win has been reached. 23. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. 24. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. 25. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Vegas Diamonds is 96.0% 26. The game has a maximum win of 200,000 coins. 27. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. 1. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. 2. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. 4. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. 5. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. 6. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. 7. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Last modification date: 11/6/2018