Venice Magic Venice Magic is a 5 reel slot game with Zodiac feature, Joker Wild and Tower Wild feature to increase your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.18%. VENICE'S TREASURE Venice Magic has 2 special wilds that can appear at any time during the Main Game. Tower Wilds When awarded Tower Wilds make 1 to 2 reels Wild at the start of each game. Joker Wilds 1 to 4 Joker Wilds are randomly placed at the start of each game on the reels. Joker Wilds double all wins that include a Joker Wild. Each winning line with a Joker Wild can only be doubled once. ZODIAC WHEELS FEATURE 3 Zodiac Wheels symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 award the feature. The Zodiac Wheels will determine the number of: Free Games : 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 or 15 free games Win Multiplier : 2, 3 or 5x multiplier Wild Type: Tower or Joker Wilds - See Venice’s Treasure for more information Tower Wilds Free Games: On each spin, Tower Wilds make 1 to 2 reels Wild at the start of each game Joker Wilds Free Games: On each spin, Joker Wilds are randomly added to the reels The Joker Wild and Free Games: Win Multiplier in a line win increases the amount won: x2 Multiplier and Joker Wild increases the win to x4 x3 Multiplier and Joker Wild increases the win to x6 x5 Multiplier and Joker Wild increases the win to x10 Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Games Zodiac Wheels cannot be awarded during the Free Games Winning combinations for these reels are identical to those of the base game GAME RULES Play 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per payline Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any Wild substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER The first non-wild symbol in a winning line determines what all wilds will be substituted as, in that winning line SCATTER appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only Malfunction voids all pays and plays Holding down the spin button activates Autoplay Clicking anywhere on the reels in the Main Game will stop the current spin How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: Hold the Autoplay button to activate autoplay settings. When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the STOP button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOP button. CONTINUE: During free games, this button when appears allow players to skip to the next free game. HOME : Accesses Casino menu MENU : Accesses the SETTING page for INFO, SOUND and HOME options BET: Select bet amount SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: AUTOPLAY: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. Select the amount of Autoplay Spins by using the slider to adjust the number. The available autoplays are 0, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. INFO Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. MUTE: Mutes all in-game sound effects. If Loss Exceeds: If Loss Exceeds: Sets the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field automatically set to No Limit. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 10/14/2020