Valhalla Valhalla is a 5-reel slot game with expanding wilds in the Valhalla Spins game. The game has 10 pay lines which are active at all times. Wins are awarded for 3, 4 and 5 of a kind symbols when on adjacent reels (left-to-right, right-to-left and in the middle). The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94%. To win you must match 3 or more symbols on an active payline. There is a WILD symbol on reel 3 which substitutes for all symbols; and on Valhalla Spins, expands and may award re-spins. These respins lock the WILD symbol in position and spin the reels to a new position; wins are awarded in the normal way. GAME RULES Payouts are made according to the Paytable All wins multiplied by the bet per line Highest win paid per winning combination Coinciding wins are added Wins are paid left-to-right, right-to-left and on the middle 3 reels Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol 5 of a kind wins are paid once only WILD substitutes for all symbols WILD appears on reel 3 only Malfunction voids all pays and plays Valhalla Spins To play the Valhalla Spins game; click the Valhalla Spins button and select a bet; Valhalla Spins will be active until you select 'Reel Game' from the Adjust Valhalla Spins menu. Then simply click the Spin button to play a Valhalla Spins game. Each level of Valhalla Spins awards additional benefits; select the highest level for an expanding wild and win multiplier! How to Play Choose your BET, or press VALHALLA SPINS and select your BET SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: BET UP/DOWN : Adjusts the BET. SPIN : Spins the reels VALHALLA SPINS: Opens Valhalla Spins menu SETTINGS : Accesses the SETTING page for BET and AUTOPLAY options MUTE : Mutes all in-game sound effects. Available on the game screen. HAND : Switches between left or right handed controls SETTINGS PAGE BUTTONS: CASHIER : Accesses the Casino’s cashier area INFO : Accesses pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. HOME : Accesses Casino menu BACK : Returns to game. ABOUT : Displays game version information The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : The total wager staked Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 10/14/2020