White Rabbit Introducing the game White Rabbit is a 5 reel Megaways game from award winning slot provider Big Time Gaming. Megaways™ This Megaways slot can produce up to 7 symbols per reel each spin. This means every spin can produce up to 16,807 ways to win. With Extending Reels in the feature each reel can have up to 12 symbols per reel each spin, this can achieve up to a massive 248,832 ways to win. Extending Reels™ Big Time Gaming introduces Extending Reels, which allow extra symbols to be added during a feature game play scenario that increase the ways to win. Feature Drop™ Feature Drop allows you to buy the feature at any time. Feature Drop symbols appear in the reels and reduce the price of the feature purchase (see pay table). The feature may be bought for the price displayed in the Feature Drop button. If the price is reduced to a zero balance the feature will automatically trigger. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right buttons on the stake display. Start the Game Hit the Play button to start the spin and the game. The 5 reels will spin and then come to rest, producing the result. Auto Play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5 and substitute for all other symbols except the Scatter, Cupcake and Feature Drop symbols. Bonus Wild Symbol Randomly during the base game the Caterpillar adds up to 4 Bonus Wild symbols to the screen. The Bonus Wild symbol multiply all involved combinations by x2 or x3 and substitute for all other symbols except the Scatter and Feature Drop symbols. The Bonus Wilds symbols can appear on one or more of reels 2,3,4 and 5. Each reel can only contain a single Bonus Wild symbol. Bonus Wilds symbols do not appear in the feature. Scatter Symbol The Scatter symbol appears on reels 2,3 and 4 only. 3 Scatter symbols trigger the feature and awards 15 free spins. The Scatter does not appear in the feature. Free Games Feature Free Games start with between 5 and 7 symbols per reel the number of symbols per reel carries to the next spin. Wins are paid after the increased number of symbols are displayed. Scatter and Feature Drop symbols do not appear in the Free Games Feature. Cupcake Symbol The Cupcake symbol triggers the Extending Reels feature. Every time a Cupcake lands, the Cupcake symbol is replaced by two new symbols and the number of symbols in that reel increases by one. The reels can extend up to a maximum 12 symbols per reel. Feature Retrigger When a reel reaches the maximum of 12 symbols, the feature is retriggered Between 3 and 12 additional Free Spins are awarded. The feature can be retriggered up to 5 times. Queen’s Reel When a reel reaches the maximum of 12 symbols the Queen’s reel is used which is an enhanced reel with bonus Red Queens and Wilds. Payouts Payouts for consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right on adjacent symbol positions. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are in multiples of stake per play. Only the highest win is paid on each winning combination. General Information This game has an RTP of 97.24%. The drop function has an RTP of 97.24% - 97.77% In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/24/2021