West Journey Treasure Hunt RTP 96.0% VOLATILITY: 10.6 GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Base Wild, High Pay 1, High Pay 2, High Pay 3, High Pay 4, High Pay 5, Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, Low Pay 3, Low Pay 4, Low Pay 5, Free Games Bonus All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol. High Pay 1, High Pay 2, High Pay 3, High Pay 4, or High Pay 5 symbol in all positions on 3 or more consecutive reels and in a winning combination awards a multiplier of 2x, 3x, 5x, or 8x. All wins containing the symbol that initiated the feature are multiplied by the awarded multiplier for that spin. Free Games Rules During the base game, 9 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Feature Awards 8 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Feature. Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Feature. The Free Games Feature ends when 0 free games remain. At the start of the bonus, pick a Free Games Bonus symbol to reveal Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2, Free Games High Pay 3, Free Games High Pay 4, or Free Games High Pay 5. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into the revealed symbol at the start of each game. Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2, Free Games High Pay 3, Free Games High Pay 4, or Free Games High Pay 5 symbol in all positions on 3 or more consecutive reels and in a winning combination awards a multiplier of 2x, 3x, 5x, or 8x. All wins containing the symbol that initiated the feature are multiplied by the awarded multiplier for that spin. Free Games Wild symbol cannon substitute for Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2, Free Games High Pay 3, Free Games High Pay 4, or Free Games High Pay 5 symbols to initiate the feature. Last modification date: 8/16/2022