Win Machine Deluxe User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay butt on and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Additional Information The overall return to player is 95.20%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Incomplete games will be stored for a minimum of 15 minutes. Returning to an incomplete game allows the player to complete the incomplete game round. If a game is incomplete for longer than the stated time period, the game will be auto resolved and any winnings credited to the player’s account. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator Wilds WILD is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except WILD. WILD is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except WILD. Nudging Feature If WILD is fully in view and appears in any of the following lower red positions it will nudge up on its reel to the active payline. If is fully in view and appears in any of the following upper red positions, it will nudge down on its reel to the active payline. Last modification date: 2/7/2023