Wellspring Eternal RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: MEDIUME VOLATILITY GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reel. This game is played at 1024 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Each Wild symbol on the reels appears with a credit value. Wild Scatter symbol can appear with the following credit values: 40 to 4000 credits Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier. For each game, all credit values on a reel are the same. At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values. Wild symbol is a scatter symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS 3, or more, Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 Free Games Bonus symbols Awards 7 free games, 4 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 15 free games, 5 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 30 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free Games Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Each Free Games Wild Scatter symbol on the reels appears with a credit value. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol can appear with the following credit values: 80 to 4000 credits Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier. For each game, all credit values on a reel are the same. At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values. Free Games Wild symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol appears on all reels. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Free games automatically play on the same ways at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 2/28/2023