Witch Doctor Goes Wild 1.Introduction Witch Doctor Goes Wild is a 6x4 reels 40 winline reactor slot. 2.How to Play Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching all 3, 4, 5 and 6 of-a-kind symbols on played lines. Wins start with the leftmost reel, paying left to right (Reel 1-5) only in consecutive order. Any symbols of the same kind creating a win will 'shatter' and disappear. New symbols will fill the vacant areas left by those shattered symbols by cascading into place. Any further symbols creating winlines will also shatter and disappear, creating further cascades. All wins shown on different winlines will be shown and paid to the player. The Wild symbol can substitute for ALL other symbols to help create a line win. Using a Wild symbol to complete a line does not incur any extra multiplier, other than the win for the symbol(s) it substitutes. Only the highest paying win on each line will be counted. The Witch Doctor Trail: Wild symbols will be present during a normal spin. However, additional and varied Wilds will be summoned on to the reels by the ‘Witch Doctor’ after each winning cascade. The trail is presented as stone blocks with the Witch Doctor standing on top of the column. After every cascade, the trail will light-up whilst moving on to the next stone block towards the Witch Doctor, who will add a number or type of Wild to the reels, (see table below). Wilds can be applied to any symbol, whether it came from the original spin or from a cascade. Cascade 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9+ Wilds Added 1 2 Stacked Wilds 1 2x2 Random Wilds 1 Free Spins +1 Free Spin If the player gets 8 consecutive cascades, then end of trail is reached and the Free Spins feature is activated. This is the end-point of the trail feature, however any further wins achieved will add +1 Free Spin per cascade. If the player gets a losing result from a cascade, the current game is over and the trail is reset. 2.1 Set Your Stake The player can choose their stake by pressing the “+” and “-” buttons on the left of the screen. The stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. 2.2 Features Free Spins feature: As in the base game, winning combinations will be paid to the player and also shatter away, creating spaces for the symbols above to cascade down into the empty spaces. These cascades may create further wins and more cascades. The player will get an initial amount of 8 Free Spins, (plus any extra Free Spins awarded by obtaining more cascades in the base game). On each and every Free Spin, after the reels stop, the Witch Doctor will throw one of his ‘Magic Wild’ spells onto the reels to modify the outcome. The ‘Magic Wild’ spells are: ‘Magic Wild’ spell 1: One ‘Stacked column of Wilds’ will be added to the reels on any random position. ‘Magic Wild’ spell 2: One ‘2x2 Colossal Wild’, (4 clumped Wilds), will be added to the reels on any random position. ‘Magic Wild’ spell 3: 2, 3 or 4 single ‘Wilds’ will be randomly added to the reels. No more than 2 per reel. ‘Magic Wild’ spell 4: One ‘3x3 Colossal Wild’, (9 clumped Wilds), will be added to the reels on any random position. Bonus Trail: Any winning combination is paid to the player. Winning symbols then pop, create a cascade and increment the Witch Doctor Bonus Trail, one step per cascade, (the steps are in the table below): Cascade 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ Magic Event x2 MagicWild x3 MagicWild +2FS x5 MagicWild +4FS x10 MagicWild +6FS x30 + x20 The player can get ‘Magic Wilds’, ‘Multipliers’ and ‘extra Free Spins (FS)’ via the Witch Doctor Bonus Trail. Any of the above ‘Magic Wild’ spells can be awarded from the Bonus Trail. ‘Multipliers’ will times any win from the cascade by the value on the Bonus Trail. Extra Free Spins will be added to your Free Spins counter. On the 9th step, all subsequent cascades will add an additional x20 multiplier, so it will go from x30 to x50 to x70 and so on. Once all cascades have stopped, the Bonus Trail is reset, ready for the next Free Spin. All wins will be relative to current total bet and the base game paytable. 2.3 Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, above the ‘PLAY’ arrow button, will open a dialogue panel from which the player can access the autoplay options. Pressing the ‘menu’ button icon, on the right-hand side above the ‘Autoplay’ button, will open the information from which the player can access the paytable information. The player can press the arrows back and forth to access all other game information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will exit the information and return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the ‘cog’ button will allow the player access to toggle the sounds on/off and, on compatible devices, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate function. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. “+” and “-” buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's total stake on each spin. 2.4 Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from left to right (Reel 1-5) only in consecutive order. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 3.Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. The current multiplier on that stake will also be displayed. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 4.General Information This game has a theoretical Return to Player (RTP) of 95.14%. For any payout which gives out fractional payments, these will be truncated to 2 decimal places. The maximum payout is the capped amount of 625,000 x minimum stake. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play.