Wild West Untitled Document Wild West is a 5 reel slot game with a Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 5 reels. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) without SUPERBET is 95.868%, with SUPERBET (10 coins) is 95.313%, with SUPERBET (40 coins) is 95.720%. Game Rules Play 10 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered CHIPSTACK which pay any COWBOY substitutes for all other symbols except scattered CHIPSTACK COWBOY appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only CHIPSTACK appear during the free games only FREE GAME RULES COWBOY in a win triggers 5 free games. The win with the COWBOY is the trigger win During the free games any CHIPSTACK symbol appearing repeats the trigger win When free games are retriggered a new series of 5 free games with a new trigger win will be won The new series of 5 free games commences at the completion of any free game series currently being played Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free games can be retriggered GAMBLE RULES To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount to be played Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : Displays the total bet amount. It consists of stake multiplied by the number of lines played Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 5/16/2018