Wicked Dragon Wilds Megadrop DRAGON FIRE BONUS The DRAGON FIRE BONUS may activate at random during a spin. As the dragon flies by, it will shoot one or more fireballs at the reels. On each reel position where a fireball lands, the existing symbol will be converted into a WILD symbol. WILD MODIFIERS Choose one of three WILD MODIFIERS to play with, by selecting one of the three cards when entering the game. RESPIN WILDS SPREADING WILDS PERSISTING WILDS Each WILD MODIFIER has its own unique effect. Any WILD symbol that lands will trigger the effect of the selected WILD MODIFIER. Use the 'Three card' button to select a different WILD MODIFIER. RESPIN WILDS On any spin in which a WILD lands, and a win does not occur, any reels containing a WILD symbol will be locked. Any reels which do not contain a WILD will then respin until there is a win. The RESPIN WILDS card must be selected for this WILD MODIFIER to trigger. SPREADING WILDS Land any WILD(s), and between 1 and 5 fireballs will be launched across the reels. Upon landing, each fireball will convert the existing symbol in the reel position into a WILD symbol. Payouts for the spin are evaluated after additional WILD symbols are awarded. The SPREADING WILDS card must be selected for this WILD MODIFIER to trigger. PERSISTING WILDS If a WILD symbol appears on the reels it will stick and trigger a respin. Only 1 respin can be awarded per spin, even if more than one WILD symbol lands on the reels. If no additional WILD symbols land during a respin, no more respins will be awarded. Wins are calculated between each spin. The total amount is awarded once all respins have been completed. The PERSISTING WILDS card must be selected for this WILD MODIFIER to trigger. BONUS SYMBOL Land three BONUS symbols to trigger the FREE SPIN BONUS. BONUS symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. BONUS symbols are scatter symbols. FREE SPIN BONUS This feature is triggered by landing three BONUS symbols. One FREE SPIN is awarded in this feature. The three BONUS symbols will combine into one MEGA WILD symbol which covers reels 2, 3 and 4. Once combined, the awarded spin will play automatically. Mega Drop Mega Drop consists of three Progressive Jackpots, these are the Minor, Major and Epic jackpots. For each spin, a proportion of the player’s total bet is contributed towards the Progressive jackpots. The Mega Drop jackpots each have payout values before which they must drop. By the time the Progressive jackpot reaches its maximum payout amount it will have been awarded to a player. Progressive jackpots can also be awarded on any wager. When a Progressive jackpot is awarded, the jackpot amount is reset to a reseed value of approximately 25% of the value paid out. It is not possible to be awarded more than one jackpot with a single wager. If more than one jackpot is won with the same stake, the jackpot with the higher maximum drop value will be awarded. There exists theoretical scenarios where the jackpot drop amount may slightly exceed its expected drop value. Progressive jackpot balances are displayed in the game, and are updated only when awaiting user input. The jackpot balances update at least once per 2 seconds during this state. Although progressive jackpots can be won on any stake, the higher the stake, the greater chance. LEGAL NOTICES Any combination of wins in a single game is limited. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The theoretical return to player with and without Mega Drop is as follows: With Mega Drop: 96.15% Without Mega Drop: 94.15% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/27/2022