Wild Explosion Get'cha Money GAME DESCRIPTION WILD EXPLOSION GET’CHA MONEY™, thrilling countdowns to wild blasts of cash. Play the WILD EXPLOSION ante bet and get special explosive wild in bought games and free games. These special wilds are held on the reels for up to 3 spins. When one special wild explodes, all special wild explode with each one releasing up to 9 Wild onto the reels. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet – Shows the bet value of the current setting. Bet per line – Shows the current bet per line. Bet level – Displays the available bet options. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max – Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable) – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press thespin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win, press the GAMBLE button. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Wins may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. All wins cannot be gambled if the Jackpot is triggered. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum bet of 50 credits multiplied by bet per line to play. Select from the available play option. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are multiplied by bet per line except Scatter wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Free Games wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable): Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop on any win: Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP BET 50: The return to player of the game is 93.19% including 5.09% for the Jackpots. BET 75: The return to player of the game is 94.23% including 5.09% for the Jackpots. BET 100: The return to player of the game is 96.20% including 5.09% for the Jackpots. Last modification date: 2/4/2025