Wild Flower Introducing the game Wild Flower is a 6 reel video slot with 4096 ways to win, featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from the left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wilds Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wilds occur on Reels 2 to 5. All wins are multiplied by 8 for every Wild Flowers that substitutes in the win. Scatters There are two Scatters: The regular Yellow Moon Scatter and the Red Moon Megascatter. Yellow Moon Scatter can appear on reels 1 to 5. Red Moon Megascatter appears on reel 6 only. 3 or more Scatters in any position award Free Spins. If one of the triggering Scatters is a Red Moon Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. Choose either The Most Beautiful Thing Free Spins or Heart Beats Faster Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Choice 1 - The Most Beautiful Thing Free Spins 7 Free Spins are awarded. Either the Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten or Nine is revealed as the Sticky Wild for the duration of the Free Spins on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Four Sticky Wilds in a reel award 3 extra Free Spins. Up to 12 extra Free Spins can be awarded. Scatters do not appear in The Most Beautiful Thing Free Spins. Choice 2 - Heart Beats Faster Free Spins 12 Free Spins are awarded. All wins with Ladder Wild are multiplied by the highlighted multiplier. The Ladder Wild appears on reels 2 to 5 and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatters in any position awards an additional 8, 12, 16 or 20 Free Spins, respectively. Regular Yellow Moon Scatter can appear on any reel in Heart Beats Faster Free Spins, and Megascatter does not appear. Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins Every time the Free Spins are triggered with Red Moon Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. In the Enhanced The Most Beautiful Thing Free Spins, whenever the Sticky Wild symbol spins into the position of an existing Sticky Wild, it becomes a x2 Sticky Wild. In addition, whenever the Sticky Wild symbol spins into the position of an existing x2 Sticky Wild, it becomes a x3 Sticky Wild. In the Enhanced Heart Beats Faster Free Spins, whenever the Wild Ladder substitutes in a win, the multipliers in the Ladder will be increased the next time it appears. Wild Ladder multipliers can reach up to x800. General Information The game when choosing The Most Beautiful Thing Free Spins has an RTP of 96.52%. The game when choosing Heart Beats Faster Free Spins has an RTP of 96.59%. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Flower by The Cult arranged by Beggars Group Ltd and Warner Chapel. Last modification date: 4/26/2022