Wild Knights Game Introduction Wild Knights is a new 5 reel game featuring Unlimited Free Spins, Expanding Wilds, Stepping Wilds, Jousting Reels and the Knight Times feature. How to play Select your stake - If you wish to adjust this, click the STAKE/LINE '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the size of your stake per line. Win lines The default win line selection is 10 lines which is fixed for every game. Start the game Press SPIN to initiate the game. The game contains an AUTOPLAY function that allows the player to select a quantity of games for continual play. Select your desired number of spins by clicking on the numbered buttons that are revealed when you press AUTOPLAY . Click ' Stop ' to cancel auto play. Help All line win amounts are shown in the games pay table as multiples of the stake per line. These can be viewed by pressing the HELP button. Jousting Reels In the base game, if no win occurs there is a chance of triggering the Jousting Reels Feature which re-spins two of the reels to generate a win. Expanding Wilds In the base game, if no win occurs and a WILD symbol features on the reel, there is a chance that this WILD symbol will expand to generate a win. Unlimited Free Spins The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 shields appear in view when playing the standard game. For the Hi Rollers, each shield symbol is held over for the duration of the Hi Roller games. The Free Spins feature is started with either 3 lives, 2 lives or 1 life depending on whether 3 red, blue or mixed shields appear. A Blue/Red shield on the centre reel will substitute for either colour. A life is lost when a Dragon appears on the last reel. The bonus ends when either no lives remain or the maximum win has been reached. Stepping Wilds During Free Spins, if a WILD symbol features on the top or middle position, it will step down one position on the next spin. The Free Spin reels contain stacked WILD symbols which compliment the Stepping Wilds Feature. The minimum average return to player is is 94%. The theoretical return for the Hi Roller game is 96%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated and verified by an independent testing company. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Last modification date: 9/24/2018