Wild Hot Wasabi Wild Hot Wasabi is a Bet 20, 1296 ways Reelfecta slot game with a Respins feature. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols by matching symbols on at least reels 1, 2 and the Reelfecta. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.11% with any bet. Game Rules Wild Man Wild Man substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and other WILDs. During respins, Wild Man may multiply up 10x on reel 2. Appears on reels 2 and 4 only. Wild Wasabi Wild Wasabi substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and other WILDs. Appears on Reelfecta only. Scatter 6 or more SCATTERS trigger Respins. Appears in Base Game only. Appears on Reelfecta only. Rules Play bet 20 for 1296 ways. All Wins shown at 1 credit bet. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier except SCATTER which is multiplied by the Total Bet. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Reelfecta Rules Reel 3 is the REELFECTA reel and is comprised of 16 individual positions. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination.For all symbols, winning combinations pay through any position reel 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 respectively.Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Respin During respins, a highlighted position on Reelfecta is shown with the yellow frame. This frame moves along the shown path one position every respin. The highlighted position will land either a Wild Respin Wasabi or an Extinguisher symbol each respin. Wild Respin Wasabi, Wild Locked Wasabi, Wild Mega Wasabi and Extinguisher appears in Respins and on Reelfecta only. Wild Respin Wasabi substitutes for all other symbols except Extinguisher and other Wilds. Wild Locked Wasabi substitutes for all other symbols except Extinguisher and other Wilds. A landing Wild Respin Wasabi becomes a Wild Locked Wasabi and awards an extra respin, up to a maximum of 12 respins. If an Extinguisher lands, respins end and extinguisher pays 2x total bet. Extinguisher will not appear during the first 2 spins. Megaspin Locking in 12 Wild Respin Wasabi triggers the Megaspin. Megaspin expands to cover all 16 positions of REELFECTA with wilds. Respins end upon the conclusion of Megaspin. Different bonus reels are used during each Respin and Megaspin. Respins and Megaspin are played at the triggering bet. How to Play Step 1: Choose your BET Step 2: SPIN Paytable amounts are fixed and prizes are multiplied by the Bet Multiplier. The game displays all your details in the following display fields Balance: Displays your total balance Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: Displays the total wager staked Total Win: Displays the accumulated wins during free games. Free Game: Displays the number of free games played together with the total number of free games awarded. MAIN GAME BUTTONS: ADJUST BET Total Bet menu to adjust bet. SPIN Spins the reels. The SPACE BAR can also be used to spin when playing on Desktop. AUTOPLAY View and set AUTOPLAY options. STOP AUTOPLAY Displays the remaining amount of AUTOPLAY spins, click this button to STOP AUTOPLAY and return to normal play mode. STOP/SKIP During Base Game button will STOP the reel spin. During Free Games button will STOP the reel spin or SKIP to the next spin. MENU View the MENU, giving access to PAYTABLE, BET, AUTOPLAY, SETTINGS, HOME and CASHOUT tabs. MUTE Mutes sound and ambient volumes. UNMUTE Unmutes sound and ambient volumes. MENU TAB BUTTONS: PAYTABLE View game rules and pay awards for winning symbol combinations. AUTOPLAY View available AUTOPLAY options. AUTOPLAY allows automatic consecutive normal game plays. TOTAL BET View available bet options. TOTAL BET equals the Bet Multiplier x the base stake. SETTINGS View available sound settings. HOME Closes MENU and returns to the game. CASHOUT Closes Game and returns to casino’s main menu. Last modification date: 11/23/2021