Wild Portals Wild Portals Help Introducing the game Wild Portals is a 6 reel Megaways game with up to 117,649 ways to win. Wild Portals features Win Exchange, which gives extra chances to trigger the Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 75 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 75 times your stake for 8 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 75 times your stake for 8 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 75 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 8 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 8 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 8 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Portal Every spin, a 2x2 Wild Portal may appear on reels 2 to 5. Wild Portal substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. After any wins are paid, the Wild Portal will reveal either the Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten or Nine. If there are no instances of the revealed symbol onscreen, the game ends. Otherwise, each instance of the revealed symbol is removed from the screen and increments the Wild Portal Multiplier by one. New symbols drop in and the Wild Portal may update to reveal a different symbol. The process repeats until no new instances of the revealed symbol occur. Wins with the Wild Portal substituting are multiplied by the Wild Portal Multiplier. Free Spins 3 or more Scatters in any position award 8 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. A Wild Portal is guaranteed to appear in every Free Spin. The Wild Portal Multiplier carries over from the triggering game into the Free Spins and may increase throughout the Free Spins. Free Spins awarded from Win Exchange will always commence with a Wild Portal Multiplier of 1. 3 or more Scatters retrigger the Free Spins, awarding 2 Free Spins plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.58%. In the event of an interruption during the presentation of a result (for example, due loss of connectivity), the correct value of any winnings for that result will be credited to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end Last modification date: 11/9/2022