Win Win Key Features Feature Value 17 Connecting paylines Reels Lines 3 reels Rows 3 rows Hit frequency ~18. 8% Name Win Win Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. 1. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. 2. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. 3. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. 4. Activate a B etting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. 5. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. 6. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remai ns active on the lowest bet level. 7. Betting Strategies are listed in the pay table. Game Rules 1. Win Win is a 3 reel, 3 rows slot with 17 connecting pay lines. 2. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. 3. Each bet is 100 coins. 4. Bet lines ar e paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. 5. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. 6. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. 7. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Pay table. 8. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can chan ge preference in Settings. 9. Win Win is played in three modes; Normal mode, Locked Reels Respins mode and Bonus mode. 10. Identical hits on the first and third reels trigger Locked Reels Respins with 3 respins. 11. The first and third reels lock during Lo cked Reels Respins while the middle reel spins normally. 12. Locked Reels Respins can be trigged in Normal mode and in Bonus mode. 13. Win symbols only appear on the first and third reels, and they are only in play and take action on the horizontal central pay ine (special pay line). 14. One Win symbol on the special pay line pays out three of a kind of the other two symbols along the same pay line. Two Win symbols on the special pay line pay out a x10 multiplier applied on the symbol in the middle on the speci al pay line. 15. A combination of one Win symbol and two bonus symbols, or two Win symbols and one bonus symbol on the special pay line, in Normal and Locked Reels Respins mode trigger Bonus mode. 16. The golden 777 symbol only appears on the middle reel. It comes in play together with wilds or together with Win symbols on the special pay line. 17. Pay lines of only wilds pay as the highest value symbol. 18. A combination of 3 bonus symbols (scatters) anywhere on the reels during Normal or Locked Reels Respins mode triggers Bonus mode. The bonus symbols become wild during Bonus mode and can not retrigger the bonus game. 19. The bonus game starts off at a random level along the multiplier ladder, with 5 steps; x2, x4, x6, x8 and x10. Every win on the reels adva nces the multiplier one step up to the maximum x10, and every non - win reduces it one step. The multiplier is adjusted after the potential payout. 20. If the first and third reels have identical symbols and 3 bonus symbols hit in the same spin both Locked Reels Respins and Bonus mode are awarded. In such a case the spins in the Bonus mode will be played first before continuing to the respins in Locked Reels Respins mode. 21. The bonus game multiplier can advance during the respins in case the Locked Reels R espin feature is triggered in Bonus mode, but it will not decrease. 22. The Win Win bonus game ends when the multiplier passes below the lowest level or when the maximum win has been reached. 23. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus game. 24. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in any Bonus mode. 25. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Win Win is 96.1% 26. The game has a maximum win of 500,000 coins. 27. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 8/20/2019