Wild Seas Game Description Wild Seas is a 5 reel slot designed for Mobile First. It brings a mix of free spins, wilds, sailing wilds, sticky wilds and added rewards in terms of leveling. Connecting paylines generate 178 ways to win and the chance to win as much as 178.000 coins. Two Wild Seas flag symbols anywhere on reels two and four trigger the free spins bonus game. One of the merchant captains present on screen is selected as the opponent, and replaces all other captains during the bonus game. Break the Convoy! is the first level of the bonus game. It starts off with a convoy of merchant ships covering reel five. The convoy sails one step leftwards for every free spin. A pirate ship landing on reel five fires its cannons at any ship on the same row. This damage the merchant ship and holds it back for one spin. Additional hits damage it even further. Three hits on a ship will sink it and reveal the captain's loot chest. The goal is to collect as many loot chests as possible before the next bonus game level – Loot the Treasures! If no ship is sinked during Break the Convoy, the bonus game will end when all merchant ships have spun away on reel one. The second level of the bonus game – Loot the Treasures! starts off with free sticky wilds on all the locations held by captain's loot chests. The goal is to keep adding as many sticky wild chests as possible, and collect the combined treasures. Reels two, three and four are all filled with treasure chests. Hit these and they open up and reveal themselves as sticky wilds. But watch out for bomb barrels on reel one – they're loaded with gunpowder. If hit, a barrel will explode and end the bonus game! Key Features Feature Value Lines 178 connecting paylines Reels 5 reels Rows 4 rows Hit frequency ~32% Name Wild Seas Betting Strategies Many players change bet size based on the outcome of previous game play; this can be done automatically with Betting Strategies. A Betting Strategy is a predefined betting pattern that automatically changes the bet level depending on a set of rules. A player can change or turn off the Betting Strategy after any bet. Auto Spin works in combination with Betting Strategies. Activate a Betting Strategy by selecting bet base level and a strategy. Then press Spin button. The Betting Strategy does not change the theoretical outcome of the game. Optimizer adjusts the bet up or down to the closest bet level below the selected %. It remains active on the lowest bet level. Betting Strategies are listed in the paytable. Game Rules Wild Seas is a 5 reel, 4 row slot with 178 connecting paylines. The game offers 12 bet levels for each currency. Each bet is 100 coins. Bet lines are paid from left to right. Only the highest win per active bet line is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the Spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the Spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the Paytable. Winnings are presented in coins or in the player's currency. The player can change preference in Settings. Wild Seas is played in two modes, Normal mode and Bonus mode with free spins. The Wild Seas flag symbol is both Wild and bonus trigger appearing on reel 2 and 4. It substitutes any other symbol on a payline. Two Wild Seas flag symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus mode. When entering Bonus mode, one opponent is randomly selected among the English, French and Portuguese captains present on screen. The selected opponent replaces all other captains in the bonus game. The bonus game starts off with Break the Convoy! in which a convoy of four sailing Wild ship symbols appear on reel 5. Ships substitute all symbols except the pirate ship, and sail leftwards one reel for every spin. The pirate ship appears on reel 5 in Bonus mode. The pirate ship fires and hits all sailing Wild ships on the same row. If hit, a ship stays on its position during the next spin. Three hits sink a sailing Wild ship and unlocks the second bonus game level - Loot the Treasures! The sunken ship is replaced by a Sticky Wild chest. The bonus game ends if no sailing Wild ships remain and no ship has been sunk. Loot the Treasures! starts when at least one ship has been sunk and no sailing Wild ships remain. The chest symbol is Wild and appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 during Loot the Treasures! It substitutes any symbol except pirate ship and barrel. The pirate ship fires and hits any closed chests on the same row. If hit, a chest becomes Sticky Wild for the remaining spins in Loot the Treasures! The barrel symbol only appears on reel 1 in Loot the Treasures! A barrel and a pirate ship on the same row end the bonus game. Winnings are paid out at the end of Bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing spin or in Bonus mode. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Wild Seas is 96.3% The game has a maximum win of 178,000 coins. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 5/16/2018