Wai kiki Wai-Kiki is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wilds, Shark Fishing Bonus and Free Spins with a Tiki Token collection feature. You play a fixed 25 lines per spin (1 coin per line), the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select using the arrows. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/number of lines. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. A coin line win is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE. Only the highest winning combination on an active bet line from left to right is paid. Wild symbols substitute for all non-special symbols. During regular play game, wild symbols can appear on any of the reel positions. Special expanding wilds can activate during the Free Spin game. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust the amount of selected autoplay rounds and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and eventually the STOP button to stop it at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 4000 per game round. If the payout exceeds this amount for any reason then the payout will be reduced to this amount. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY symbol in the game panel. Stop on any win. Stops Autoplay after a winning round. Stop on single win of. Stops Autoplay when the amount won exceeds or equals the amount specified. Stop if cash increases by. Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. Stop if cash decreases by. Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. Stop when entering any feature. Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Shark Fishing instant Bonus Bonus trigger: In order to trigger the instant Bonus a Turtle symbol must be in the central position of 3rd reel. In order to trigger the instant Bonus a Fishing Hook symbol must be on the left of the turtle symbol in the central position of the 2nd reel. In order to trigger the instant Bonus a Fishing Hook symbol must be on the right of the turtle symbol in the central position of the 4th reel. Shark instant Bonus awards a random prize. Wilds can not be used to trigger this bonus WILD Symbols during regular game After the reels stops, wilds may appear in random positions on the reels. More than 1 wild reel can appear on the reels at the same time. Wild reels complete and substitute for all icons except for symbols needed to trigger the Bonus or Free spins. If a wild appears on a turtle symbol that is located in the central postion of the 3rd reel then instead of replacing it, it will trigger a scatter symbol even if this is not the highest paying option. In all other cases Wilds will pay as if it were the highest paying symbol on any line. Free Spins Free Spins symbol (Luau) can appear on the 3rd reel only. Free Spins trigger: In order to trigger Free Spins, the Luau symbol must be in the central position of the 3rd reel. In order to trigger Free Spins a Hukulele needs to be on the left of the Luau symbol in the central position of the 2nd reel. In order to trigger Free Spins a Hukulele needs to be on the right of the Luau symbol in the central position of the 4th reel. The number of Free Spin being awarded is 21. During Free spins the Surf, Fishing hook will change their colour to a night version but will retain their payouts. The Cocktail symbol will be turned into a Tiki Token and will also retain its payouts. Each Token that appears on the reels during Free Spins will be added to a Tiki Totem to the side. The total number of the collected tokens at the end of Free Spins will pay according to the following table: 10 to 14: 50 Coins. 15 to 19: 125 Coins. 20 to 24: 255 Coins. 25 to 29: 500 Coins. 30 to 34: 1250 Coins. More than 35: 5000 Coins. Expanding WILD during Free Spin Pink and Blue flowers are wilds, they point right or left according to their position on the reel. After the reels stop, Wilds may appear in any position on the reels. More than 1 Wild can appear at the same time. Wilds cannot trigger Features Wilds pay as if they were the highest paying symbol on any line. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the menu icon in the top left corner. Sound page Sound effects. Toggles sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Setting page Intro screen. Turns the intro screen on or off. Autoplay Page Autoplay. See Advanced Autoplay Options earlier. Game History Game history list. List of all the games played (not available in FUN mode), click on a row to see all the available details. Bet settings page Display in coins. Toggles between coins and cash, this only affects the total balance and winnings, bets are always displayed in cash using the current currency. Home page. Click the Home button to return to the lobby. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.00%. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last modification date: 7/31/2018