10000 Wonders 10K WAYS Introduction 10,000 Wonders 10K WAYS TM 10,000 Wonders 10K WAYS™ is a slot game with 10K WAYS™ mechanics. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. There are 10,000 ways to win. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.16% Rules TEMPLE TEMPLE substitutes for all symbols except LAMP. TEMPLE appears on top reel only. SCATTER 6 or more LAMPS trigger the Bonus Respins. DIAMOND BONUSES Each LAMP awards a prize or bonus in the Bonus Respins. BONUS RESPINS Bonus Respins are triggered when 6 or more LAMP appear. 3 respins are awarded. All LAMP symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new LAMP symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Respins are completed when no more respins remain, or when all visible positions on the reels are filled with LAMP symbols. Upon completion of respins, each LAMP symbol awards a prize or bonus prize. Pink Diamond and Red Diamond bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per feature. Blue Diamond and Green Diamond bonus prizes may only be awarded once per feature. Blue Diamond bonus prize is 2000 x total bet. Green Diamond bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Pink Diamond bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Red Diamond bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 100 x total bet. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Bonus Respins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. TEMPLE symbols do not appear during Bonus Respins. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during Bonus Respins. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Non-bonus prizes displayed over LAMP symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. TEMPLE substitutes for all symbols except LAMP. TEMPLE appears on the top reel only. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except LAMP) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn full screen mode On or Off - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Bonus Meters Shows Bonus amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 1/27/2022