White Tiger Palace User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wild Tiger Feature The appearance of 2 triggers the Wild Tiger feature. During free games reels can expand during a Wild Tiger feature from 243 ways to 576 ways. During the Wild Tiger Feature, each will award the currency win displayed on the symbol. Reel 3 prizes can award 2x, 3x, or 5x the bet amount. Reel 4 prizes can award 5x, 10x, or 20x the bet amount. Reel 5 prizes can award 20x, 50x, 100x, or 200x the bet amount. are awarded once for each symbol. are awarded from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with reel 3. The Wild Tiger Feature cannot be retriggered during the Wild Tiger Feature. Free Games The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 awards 10, 15, or 25 Free Games, respectively. The Wild Tiger Feature is active during Free Games. During Free Games, each has a chance to multiply the total win by x2 or x3. During Free Games, the appearance of 3, 4, or 5 awards 10, 15, or 25 additional Free Games, respectively. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, ways played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. The maximum amount of free games is 1000. After the limit is reached, free games will end. Last modification date: 7/24/2025