Workshop Wonders RTP 96.2% VOLATILITY: MEDIUM GAME RULES All 6 reels are always in play. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Stopping the spin animation using the spin or stop button will have no effect upon the outcome of the game. BASE GAME RULES This game is played on 6 reels, which each run horizontally across the screen. The reels are positioned in vertical ascending order from the bottom to the top, with reel 1 at the bottom and reel 6 at the top. Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, and Santa appear only on reel 1. Gift Bags and Double Gift Bags appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Snowmen appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Trees appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. Rocking Horses and Toy Trucks appear only on reels 3, 4, 5, and 6. Any Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quadruple Shot Elf landing on reel 1 will fire 1, 2, or 4 shots, respectively. Shots are fired one at a time. Each shot travels upwards along that column across reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 until it reaches a Gift Bags, Double Gift Bags, Snowmen, Trees, Rocking Horses, Toy Trucks, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines, or travels past reel 6. An Gift Bags hit by a shot is destroyed and awards either a Green Gift or Green Cube. A Double Gift Bags hit by a shot is transformed into a Gift Bags and awards either a Green Gift or Green Cube. A Snowmen, Trees, Rocking Horses, or Toy Trucks hit by a shot is destroyed and awards the value appearing on that symbol. Any Santa landing on reel 1 will destroy all Gift Bags, Snowmen, Trees, Toy Truckss, Toy Trucks, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that column as if they had been hit by a shot and all Double Gift Bags on that column as if they had been hit by two shots. All symbols destroyed by Santa grant their corresponding awards. Each Green Gift awarded is collected and carries over from bet to bet. If 10 or more Green Gift have been collected then at the start of the next bet the number of collected Green Gift is reduced by 10 and two random power up symbols are placed on the reels. This process repeats as long as there are still 10 or more collected Green Gift. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines are power up symbols that may be randomly placed on the reels as a result of collecting 10 or more Green Gift. Each Multiplier Power Up placed appears with a random multiplier value between 2x and 10x. Each Triple Shot Power Up and Multiplier Power Up is placed in a random position on reel 1. Each Horizontal Mines is placed in a random position on the middle 3 columns on reels 3, 4, or 5. Each 3x3 Mines is placed in a random position on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines may not be placed in a position already occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines appear only as a result of collecting 10 or more Green Gift. A Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up placed in any position remains in that position until a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa lands in that position. A Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines placed in any position remains in that position until destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa. Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa may land on a position occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up. Nothing may land on a position occupied by Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines Any Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quadruple Shot Elf landing on a Triple Shot Power Up will fire shots on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Santa landing on Triple Shot Power Up will destroy symbols on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa landing on a Multiplier Power Up will apply that multiplier value to the value of all awards resulting from that Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa. Any Horizontal Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa will also destroy all Gift Bags Double Gift Bags, Snowmen, Trees, Rocking Horses, Toy Trucks, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines in adjacent positions, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa and grant any corresponding awards or effects. Any 3x3 Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa will also destroy all Gift Bags Double Gift Bags, Snowmen, Trees, Rockin Horses, Toy Trucks, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that reel, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa and grant any corresponding awards or effects. All Green Gift collected and Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines placed apply only at that total amount bet FREE GAMES BONUS RULES At the start of each base game spin, if no Bonus Target is above columns 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5, then an Bonus Target may randomly appear above column 1 or 5. On each subsequent base game spin an Bonus Target that appeared above column 1 will move one column to the right, and disappear after moving off column 5. On each subsequent base game spin an Bonus Target that appeared above column 5 will move one column to the left, and disappear after moving off column 1. During the base game, a shot fired by Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quad Shot Elf that passes reel 6 on a column with Bonus Target above it destroys that Bonus Target and starts the Free Games Bonus. During the base game, a Santa appearing on a column with Bonus Target above it destroys that Bonus Target and starts the Free Games Bonus. During the base game, a Santa appearing on a position with a MultiShot Power Up on a column adjacent to a column with Bonus Target above it destroys that Bonus Target and starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 10 free games. Bonus Targets do not appear on the reels. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on 6 reels, which each run horizontally across the screen. The reels are positioned in vertical ascending order from the bottom to the top, with reel 1 at the bottom and reel 6 at the top. Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, and Santa appear only on reel 1. Snowmen and Trees appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. Toy Truckss appears only on reels 4, 5, and 6. Rocking Horse appears only on reels 5 and 6. Any Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quadruple Shot Elf landing on reel 1 will fire 1, 2, or 4 shots, respectively. Shots are fired one at a time. Each shot travels upwards along that column across reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 until it reaches Aliens, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines, or travels past reel 6. An Gift Bags or Alien hit by a shot is destroyed and awards the value appearing on that symbol. Any Santa landing on reel 1 will destroy all Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that column as if they had been hit by a shot. All symbols destroyed by Santa grant their corresponding awards. The Free Games Bonus starts with no power up symbols on the reels. At the start of every odd numbered free game one random power up symbol is placed on the reels. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines are power up symbols that may be randomly placed on the reels on odd numbered free games. Each Multiplier Power Up placed appears with a random multiplier value between 2x and 10x. Each Triple Shot Power Up and Multiplier Power Up is placed in a random position on reel 1. Each Horizontal Mines is placed in a random position on the middle 3 columns on reels 3, 4, or 5. Each 3x3 Mines is placed in a random position on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines may not be placed in a position already occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, or 3x3 Mines. Triple Shot Power Up, Multiplier Power Up, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines appear only as a result of being randomly placed on the reels on odd numbered free games. A Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up placed in any position remains in that position until a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa lands in that position. A Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines placed in any position remains in that position until destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa. Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa may land on a position occupied by a Triple Shot Power Up or Multiplier Power Up. Nothing may land on a position occupied by Horizontal Mines or 3x3 Mines Any Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quadruple Shot Elf landing on a Triple Shot Power Up will fire shots on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Santa landing on Triple Shot Power Up will destroy symbols on adjacent columns in addition to the one that symbol landed on. Any Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa landing on a Multiplier Power Up will apply that multiplier value to the value of all awards resulting from that Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa. Any Horizontal Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa will also destroy all Aliens, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines in adjacent positions, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa and grant any corresponding awards or effects. Any 3x3 Mines destroyed as a result of a Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa will also destroy all Snowmen, Trees, Toy Truckss, Toy Trucks, Horizontal Mines, and 3x3 Mines on that reel, prior to any additional shots being fired. All additional destroyed symbols resulting from this effect are treated as if they had been destroyed by the triggering Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, Quadruple Shot Elf, or Santa and grant any corresponding awards or effects. A shot fired by Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quadruple Shot Elf that passes reel 6 awards an additional free game, up to a maximum of 10 free games remaining. A Santa landing on any column awards an additional free game, up to a maximum of 10 free games remaining. The Free Games Bonus is played on a series of up to 6 bonus levels. The Free Games Bonus starts at bonus level 1. At the start of bonus level 1 an Bonus Target is placed above column 3. At the start of bonus level 2 an Bonus Target is placed above columns 2 and 4. At the start of bonus level 3 an Bonus Target is placed above columns 1, 3, and 5. At the start of bonus level 4 an Bonus Target is placed above columns 1, 2, 4, and 5. At the start of bonus level 5 an Bonus Target is placed above columns 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. At the start of bonus level 6 an Bonus Target is placed above columns 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. A shot fired by Single Shot Elf, Double Shot Elf, or Quadruple Shot Elf that passes reel 6 on a column with an Bonus Target will destroy that symbol. A Quadruple Shot Elf landing on a column an Alien Shot Elf will destroy that symbol. Once all Bonus Targets have been destroyed, after all shots have been fired for the current free game, the current bonus level is completed and the Free Games Bonus advances to the next bonus level. Completing bonus level 1 awards 10 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 2 awards 20 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 3 awards 50 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 4 awards 250 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 5 awards 2500 times the total amount bet. Completing bonus level 6 awards 25000 times the total amount bet. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when bonus level 6 is completed. Last modification date: 12/15/2022