Western Wilds Western Wilds is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 1024 win ways in regular game, 5 reels up to 6 rows with up to 7776 win ways in Free Spins. It features Wilds, Expanding Wilds, Tumbles and Free Spins with additional Free Spins and additional multipliers. Not all functions listed in the help file are available in all jurisdictions. This help file may mention functions that are not available to you. You play a fixed 10 coins per spin, the total bet value is shown on the bet button. To change the bet value, open the bet panel and select one using the buttons. MAX BET loads the maximum bet value. COINS/CASH toggles the balance display and payout values from CASH to COINS, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/10. The spin button plays the game at the current bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE and the number of win ways. Wild symbols simultaneously count as all non wild symbols. 8 Free Spins are awarded upon the collection of 3 TNT symbols. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN. Open the AUTOPLAY menu to adjust round numbers and stop criteria (click the PLAY button to start and the STOP button to stop at any time). The game is subject to a payout limit of the stake multiplied by 6500 per game round or 65,000 coins. If the payout exceeds this amount for any reason then the payout will be instead reduced to this amount. WILDS In the base game, a Wild can appear on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th & 5th reels. It substitutes for all symbols. During Free Spins, a Wild can appear on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th reels. It substitutes for all symbols. EXPANDING WILD SYMBOL Can appear in base game only. The expanding wild can appear on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th reels. Substitutes for all symbols. Multiple Expanding Wilds can appear simultaneously. TNT TNT symbol appears in base game only. It explodes turning into a Wild or Expanding Wild. After the explosion further explosions can be triggered to turn up to 3 symbols into Wilds. Exploded TNT will activate the TNT side meter. 3 TNT symbols landing on the same winning sequence awards 8 Free Spins. Free Spin Freespins are reached by having 3 TNTs on the side meter. The intial free spin game is 8 free spins with no starting multiplier. During Free Spins a conveyor belt moves randomly placed safes 1 position to the left. Safes will move upon every win during Free Spins. The leftmost position is where safes open to reveal their prizes. Blue safe: can give up to 3 Wilds. Orange safe: can increase the multiplier by up to x3. Green safe: can give up to 5 additional Free Spins. Red safe: can unlock up to 2 positions for each reel. Sounds Page To access sound settings, click the menu button, then select the speaker from the menu. Sound effects Toggles Sound effects on or off. Background music. Toggles background music on or off. Spin Settings To access Spin Settings, click the menu button, then select the cog from the menu. Press Space to Spin Toggles on or off being able to place bets and spin with the space bar (Only for desktop). Show help screen on load Turns the intro screen on or off. Fast Play Toggles on or off the Fast Play mode, which reduces animations and makes the game play faster. Invert controls, This toggles around the buttons to allow for user preference (Only for mobile). Game History To access Game History, click the menu button, then select the stopwatch from the menu. You can review the game results from any of your past games through this helpful interface. You can select any bet from your last 100 spins, and drill into each reel result to see a spin or tumble result if you wish to examine any game results. Bet Control You can change your stake by opening the Bet Control. The Max Bet button will increase your stake to the maximum allowed value. The COINS and CASH option toggles the balance display and payout values, the bet value is always shown in CASH. The value of the coin is: Bet value/10. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click the AUTOPLAY symbol. On any win Stops Autoplay when you win a round. On single win of Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount specified. If cash increases by Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount specified. If cash decreases by Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount specified. When entering any feature Stops Autoplay if any game feature is triggered. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions and can not be disabled. Return to Player The return to player for this game is 95.8 %. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Last updated 05/11/2020. Button Descriptions Autoplay Button Autoplay Start Button Autoplay Stop Button Bet Control Close Menu Open Menu Close Help Help Button Mute Sound Unmute sound Spin Button Stop Button Close the game and navigate to the lobby View help guide and controls View symbol payouts View winning combinations View previous bet details View in-game settings Purchase freespins in-game Last modification date: 11/18/2020