Wild Corral 1. Introduction Wild Corral is a 6x4 reel slot game with 30 winlines, which pay left to right. The game includes ‘Wilds’, which if they land within the ‘Wild Zone’ will lock onto the reels (‘Sticky Wilds’), until they are used as part of a winline. If any ‘Sticky Wilds’ are in view, at random a multiplier may increment on one or more of those ‘Sticky Wilds’. During Free Spins, the ‘Wild Zone’ will extend across all reels and any ‘Wilds’ that land in view and are not used as part of a winline will become ‘Sticky Wilds’ until used. During every free spin, each ‘Sticky Wild’ has a chance of having a multiplier applied to it, therefore increasing the win value when it is used as part of a subsequent winline. 2. How to Play Set your stake: At the left of the screen, the player can choose their stake by pressing the + and - buttons. The chosen stake will be shown in the Total Stake meter. Each press of PLAY will action each reel to spin to a random position. Wins are paid for matching 3, 4, 5 or 6 of-a-kind symbols on played lines. Wins start with the leftmost reel, paying left to right (reels 1 to 6), only in consecutive order. All wins shown on different winlines will be shown and paid to the player. Only the highest win per winline will be paid to the player. Bonus symbols: The game also features oversized ‘Bonus’ trigger symbols which occupy 2x high symbols in the apertures. These ‘Bonus’ trigger symbols will only be available on reels 1 and 6. The player needs to have any part of the two Bonus symbols in view to trigger the Free Spins feature. As the Bonus symbol covers two symbol positions, there is an advantage in getting ‘Full’ symbols in view when triggering the Free Spins feature: 2 half symbols = 8 Free Spins 1 full & 1 half symbol = 10 Free Spins 2 full symbols = 12 Free Spins Wild symbol: The ‘Wild’ symbol can substitute for ALL other symbols to help create a line win. Using a ‘Wild’ symbol to complete a line does not incur any extra multiplier other than the win for the symbol(s) it substitutes. Only the highest paying win on each line will be counted. ‘Wild’ symbols are available on reels 2 to 6, however ‘Wilds’ which land within the ‘Wild Zone’ will ‘stick’ in view. Wild Zone: if any ‘Wilds’ spin onto the reels within the ‘Wild Zone’, they will become ‘Sticky Wilds’ unless they connect a win on one of the 30 winlines. Only when used within a win will the ‘Sticky Wild’ be removed from the reels. 3. Features 3.1. Free Spins Once the player triggers the Free Spins feature, the ‘Wild Zone’ will increase across all sixreels. As per the base game; if any ‘Wilds’ spin onto the reels in the ‘Wild Zone’, they will remain ‘stuck’ in place unless they connect a win on one of the 30 winlines. If any ‘Wilds’ are in view and not used, on every spin, there will be an increase of between 1 and 6 multiplier increments. This can again be split between ‘Wilds’ or used an individual ‘Wild’. If a connecting winline goes through these multiplied ‘Wilds’, then the win will be multiplied by the individual ‘Wild’ values. In Free Spins, extra spins can be gained via ‘Gold Ingot’ symbols landing in view. These ‘Gold Ingot’ symbols are double high and cover two normal reel symbols. These are only available on reels 1 and 6. Any ‘Gold Ingot’ symbols in view, inclusive of half symbols, will award extra spins: 1 half symbol = 1 extra Free Spin 2 half symbols = 2 extra Free Spins 1 full symbol = 2 extra Free Spins 1 full & 1 half symbol = 3 extra Free Spins 2 full symbols = 4 extra Free Spins It is possible that a ‘Sticky Wild’ may be in place on reel 1 or reel 6, then a ‘Gold Ingot’ bar spin in underneath it. If this event occurs, then the ‘Wild’ AND the ‘Gold Ingot’ symbol will both process as expected. End of Free Spins: Once there are no more Free Spins left, any unused ‘Wilds’ containing multipliers will accumulate and award the amount counted as a multiplier of stake. 4. Buttons Pressing the rotating arrow icon, next to the PLAY button, will open the autoplay functionality. Pressing the ‘menu’ button, on the right-hand side of the base game screen, will open the paytable information. The player can press the left and right arrow buttons to access the ingame information. Pressing the ‘X’ button will return the player to the main game interface. Accessing the paytable will allow the player to toggle the sounds on/off via the ‘settings’ button, located on the left-hand side of the paytable. On a device that is compatible, the player can also turn on/off the vibrate functionality. On launch of the game, the default setting will be ON for both of these options. + and - buttons on ‘Total Stake’ adjust the player's Total Stake on each spin. 5. Paytable Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Line wins will pay from left to right only. Adjustment of the stake will dynamically alter the awards in the paytable. 6. Game Recovery In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last spin or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to the player account and will be exact according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. All results are predetermined. 7. General Information This game has a theoretical return to player, (RTP), of 95.31%. For any payout which gives out fractional payments, these will be truncated to 2 decimal places. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The amounts stated will apply in the user's own currency. System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. Due to high production values of this game, lower-tier hardware may run into compatibility issues and, in certain instances, you will not be able to play. 8. Copyright © 2020 CORE Gaming Limited. All rights reserved. Unauthorised copying of any images or content by any means is not permitted. Last modification date: 7/29/2020