Wild Catcher Overview Wild Catcheris a 5 reel slot game with a Wild Feature and Free gamesto boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 576 ways. Payouts depend on the selected bet value and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.1918%. Wild Feature Rules Randomly before a reel spin, 2 –7 will be placed onto reels 2, 3 and/or 4. If lands on a position where exists, the will still be counted towardthe trigger of free games. All wins will be paid only once after the are added and the reels have stopped. Free Games Feature Rules 3, 4 or 5 starting with the leftmost reel and on adjacent reels awards 10, 20 or 30 free games respectively.The Wild Added Feature occurs more frequently during free games.Free Games are played at the reels and bet of the trigger game. Free Games can be retriggered. Game Rules 40 coins plays 576 ways. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. All wins are shown with Bet Multiplier at 1. Total Bet is 40 coins multiplied by Bet Multiplier. Winning symbols can occur anywhere on all reels. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Coinciding wins are added. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Highest win paid perwinning combination. is wild and substitutes for all symbols except . appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. ALL PAYS SHOWN AT 40 COIN BET How to Play 1: Choose your BET 2: SPIN MAIN GAME SCREEN BUTTONS: SPIN: Spins the reels AUTOPLAY: When more than zero AUTOPLAYs is selected the SPIN button will display the number of AUTOPLAYs that will be played. STOP Stops the reels STOP AUTOPLAY: Once auto play begins the SPIN button turns into a STOP AUTOPLAY button and the number of AUTOPLAYs remaining will be displayed in the STOPbutton. Continue During free games, this button when appears allow players to skip to the next free game. HOME Accesses Casino menu Settings Accesses the SETTING page for HOME, INFO, PLAY, SOUND Option, BET and AUTOPLAY options. Bets Adjusts the BET. The UP/DOWN buttons adjust the BET up or down. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance:Displays your total balance. Total Bet: The total wager staked. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Last modification date: 10/14/2020