Wicked Kitty TO PLAY THE GAME: Choose a Bet Level. Spin the reels by: Clicking/tapping the Spin button. Clicking/tapping the Spacebar (Desktop mode only). Starting a set number of spins using the AutoPlay menu. While the reels are spinning, you can quick stop the game by pressing the Spin button. The Fast Play increases the reel spinspeed to display the spin results quicker without affecting them. Open the settings to activate/deactivate the Fast Play. Someof these settings may not be available in the game you are playing. All Bets and payouts are in the user's currency. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Here you can choose your preferred AutoPlay settings. Learn more about AutoPlay settings: AutoPlay settings differ from game to game. Your game may not have all these settings. AutoPlay may not beavailable in certain markets. AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive game rounds without interacting withthe game. AutoPlay plays with the last Bet value you selected, or the casino default Bet value. Each game has different AutoPlay settings. Some may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay stops when the Free Spins are activated. AutoPlay Settings Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Stop On Any Win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Single Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Start AutoPlay: Click/tap the AutoPlay button. This will open the settings dialogue enabling you to select the number of spinsyou want to play and adjust the stop settings. Click/tap your AutoPlay settings. Click/tap Confirm to start AutoPlay. This starts the AutoPlay session, and it continues until you run out of theset spins or click/tap the Stop button. Click/tap the Stop button to end AutoPlay. To click/tap on this button does not influence the results of the spin. ABOUT THE GAME Wicked Kitty is a 6-tall, 5-reel ways game featuring the Wicked Respin, Super Respin, Wicked Multiplier, Mystery Feature,Kitty Blocker and Free Spins. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel constitutes a pay way win. Multiple matching symbols on a reel contribute to the winnings multiplicatively. Only the longest matching combination for each symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. The Paytable reflects the current bet configuration and changes in accordance with the total bet. All bets and payouts are in currency. Payouts are based on the total bet. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Bonus symbol can land on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the Base Game and Free Spins. The Bonus symbol cannot land during the Wicked Respin, Super Respin or Mystery Feature. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. The Wild symbol can land on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Wild symbol substitutes for all regular symbols in win evaluation. The Kitty Wild symbol can land on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Kitty Wild symbol substitutes for all regular symbols in win evaluation. The Blocker symbol is a blocker symbol. It does not take part in win evaluation. 15 Blocker symbols are present at fixed positions on the reels. The Kitty Blocker symbol is a blocker symbol. It does not take part in win evaluation. The Kitty Blocker symbol can only appear during the Mystery Feature. WICKED RESPIN The Wicked Respin is activated by one or more Kitty Wild symbols being part of a winning combination. Pay way wins are evaluated and paid out first. Each Kitty Wild symbol that is part of a winning combination removes 3 random blockers. The reels expand and a Respin is awarded. The Wicked Respin continues until no more new Kitty Wild symbols are part of a winning combination, or until the SuperRespin is activated. SUPER RESPIN The Super Respin is activated when all blocker symbols are removed. 2 Respin are awarded with the reels fully expanded and Wicked Multiplier on the highest level. WICKED MULTIPLIER The Wicked Multiplier is activated when a full row of blockers is removed. For each full row of blockers removed, the Wicked Multiplier increases by one level. In the Base Game, the Wicked Multiplier levels are 2x, 3x and 5x. In Free Spins, the Wicked Multiplier levels are 3x, 5x and 10x. All wins are multiplied with the activated Wicked Multiplier. MYSTERY FEATURE At the start of every spin, both in the Base Game and Free Spins, there is a chance that the Mystery Feature will activate. The Mystery Feature has 2 activations: Mystery Pattern and Mystery Kitty. Mystery Pattern places a random pattern of 6 positions on the reels. A Kitty Wild symbol is placed on 1 random position among these. A randomly selected paying symbol, except Wild, is placed on the remaining 5 positions. Mystery Kitty places a random number of Kitty Wild and Kitty Blocker symbols. After symbols are placed, the game proceeds as a usual spin. Mystery Feature cannot activate during Respins. KITTY BLOCKER Kitty Blocker symbol can only be placed on a blocker position during the Mystery Feature. When Kitty Wild symbol removes a Kitty Blocker, the Kitty Blocker symbol is activated. The activated Kitty Blocker spawns and places a Kitty Wild at a random position on the next Respin. FREE SPINS Landing 3 Bonus symbols on the reels in the Base Game awards 15 Free Spins. Each Bonus symbol landed during Free Spins awards 1 additional Free Spin. A maximum of 15 additional Free Spins can be awarded. After that, Bonus symbols do not add more additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same number of bet lines and Bet configuration as the round that awarded the Free Spins. BUY "FREE SPINS" Buy "Free Spins" will cost 65x the reference bet size, and starts a round with a guaranteed Free Spins activation. Buy "Free Spins" can only be done in the Base Game. The Payout is based on the bet per spin value. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The English version of the game rules prevails. Last modification date: 2/21/2024