West Coast Cash Infinity Reels West Coast Cash Infinity Reels™ West Coast Cash Infinity Reels™ is an innovative slot game with Infinity Reels™ mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the Infinity Bonus. On the 15th reel, the player is awarded the Infinity Bonus of 888x total bet. On relevant jurisdictions the buy feature is available. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 96.16% RTP with Buy Feature is: 97.04% Rules Wild WILD substitutes for all symbols except CASH. Scatter LevelUp Respins™ are triggered when 3 or more CASH appear. Symbol Pays Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except CASH where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. Infinity Reels All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins except CASH. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. The Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Infinity Bonus A prize of 888x total bet is awarded for any game round that results in 12 or more reels being added. This can occur during normal spins or during LevelUp Respins™. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. LevelUp Respins™ LevelUp Respins™ are triggered when 3 or more CASH appear. 3 respins are awarded. All CASH symbols are held, and all remaining positions spin. When any new CASH symbols appear, they are held, and respins are reset to 3. Each time a reel is filled with 4 CASH/Special symbols, a new reel is added to the right and spun. Each CASH symbol starts with a prize of 1x to 5x bet. On each respin, every CASH/DEALER/ENFORCER gains a $ sign. When a CASH/DEALER/ENFORCER accumulates 6 $ signs, it levels up and its prize increases by 1x to 5x bet. All $ signs are then removed from the symbol, and it will start accumulating $ signs again on the next respin. Each time a CASH symbol levels up, there is a chance it transforms in to one of 4 special symbols: HUSTLER : Levels up on every respin increasing the prize by 1x to 5x bet (no $ signs required). PIMP : Increases prize value by 10x to 50x total bet, and then transforms back to a CASH symbol. DEALER : Adds its own prize value to adjacent CASH/Special symbols, every time it levels up. ENFORCER : Adds prizes from adjacent symbols to itself, every time it levels up. Adjacent symbols for DEALERS/ENFORCERS include positions 1 space to the left, right, above and below (up to 4 positions total). Upon completion of respins, each CASH/Special symbol awards their displayed prize. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to LevelUp Respins™ wins. LevelUp Respins™ are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Symbol pays shown in the paytable are not awarded during LevelUp Respins™. Buy Bonus (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) The player may opt to buy a LevelUp Respins™ bonus. The cost to buy is 100 x bet per spin. A spin is played that will trigger the LevelUp Respins™ bonus. The triggering spin will have from 6 to 15 reels. The Infinity Bonus may be triggered from the triggering spin. Game Rules Player selects a Total Bet size. Base Bet is equal to Total Bet divided by 20. Symbols pay from left to right (starting from the left-most reel) except CASH where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the Base Bet value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. WILD substitutes for all symbols except CASH. WILD can only appear on reel 2 and onwards. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Feature Speed Buttons Toggle optional quick play during feature. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 5/17/2023