Wild Tales Magical Nights GAME DESCRIPTION “WILD TALES™ MAGICAL NIGHTS™”, wondrous treasure awaits in this fantastical fable. The free game feature is triggered by a variety of scatter types, most of which award either jackpots or bonuses in the triggering game. All scatters that trigger the feature become wild and hold their position throughout the free games. WILD TALES™ MAGICAL NIGHTS™” has a 3x5 matrix layout, with fixed 50 lines. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet – Shows the bet value of the current setting. Bet per line – Shows the current bet per line. Bet level – Displays the available bet options. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max – Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable) – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency. GENIE WILD FEATURE Any 6 or more SCATTERS (of a kind/mixed) trigger GENIE WILD FEATURE. GENIE WILD FEATURE consists of 5 free games. Different reels are used during the GENIE WILD FEATURE. Before the free games start, any SCATTERS that triggered the GENIE WILD FEATURE change into [WILD] and are held until the free games end. All bets and lines played during the GENIE WILD FEATURE are the same as the game that triggered the GENIE WILD FEATURE. FREE GAMES cannot be triggered again during the FREE GAMES. Jackpots There are 4 kinds of double symbols, 2 for jackpots and 2 for fixed bonus prizes that attach to the FEATURE symbol. This game has 4 levels of fixed jackpots Jackpots and fixed bonus prizes can be won during base game only. In the bought game that triggers the GENIE WILD FEATURE only, the prize displayed on any appearing [GRAND LAMP], [MAJOR LAMP], [MINOR LAMP] and [MINI LAMP] is won. Jackpot and Bonus prize wins will be multiplied by bet per line. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum of 50 credits multiplied by bet per line to play. This game is intended for all play lines. All wins are shown in currency. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. Each symbol appearing on a reel is counted once per winning combination. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Only highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are multiplied by bet per line. Free Games wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win, press the GAMBLE button. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Win may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. All wins cannot be gambled if the Jackpot is triggered. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable). Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop on any win: Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/6/2026