The Wizard of Oz Follow The Yellow Brick Road How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. Game info can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed . Game Rules: Only 5 JACKPOT symbols on a payline awards the top jackpot. During the base game, before the reel spin initiates, a number of positions on reel 4 will be replaced with JACKPOT or WILD and a number of positions on reel 5 will be replaced with EMERALD BONUS, GOLD BONUS, or SILVER BONUS. JACKPOT is WILD for WILD. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Scatter pays are paid in addition to line pays. Glinda the Good Witch Feature: On any wagered spin, Glinda The Good Witch Feature may trigger. During Glinda The Good Witch Feature, 2-5 reels may be randomly replaced with a GLINDA WILD symbol and the number of active rows may increase to between 5 and 8. GLINDA WILD is WILD for WILD. A multiplier of 2, 3 or 5 may be applied to all wins during Glinda The Good Witch Feature. An alternate set of reels is used during Glinda The Good Witch Feature. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except JACKPOT, RUBY SLIPPERS BONUS, EMERALD BONUS, GOLD BONUS, and SILVER BONUS do not appear. Yellow Brick Road Bonus: If RUBY SLIPPERS lands on reel 5, 1 free spin is added to 1 or more free spin meters that contain fewer than 50 free spins for the active bet option. BONUS on reels 1 and 3 with EMERALD BONUS, GOLD BONUS, or SILVER BONUS on reel 5 triggers the Yellow Brick Road Bonus and awards the number of free spins shown in the corresponding meter for the active bet option. Upon completion of FreeSpins, whichever meter we triggered is reset back to the original reset values. The other meters are NOT reset. These are the values that the meters are reset to - Silver 8, Gold 10, Emerald 20. These values should be saved per stake. If the player changes stake it should restore to the saved values for that stake. Before each free spin initiates, if Dorothy has not reached the Emerald City, a number of positions on reels 1, 3 and 5 are randomly replaced with MOVE. Each MOVE will display 1, 2, or 3. MOVE only appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. If 1 or more MOVE land on screen, Dorothy will advance along the Yellow Brick Road the total number of spaces shown on all MOVE that landed on screen this spin. Before the Yellow Brick Road Bonus begins, a number of spaces on the Yellow Brick Road are replaced with either Grow Reels or Glinda the Good Witch. If Dorothy meets exactly the Grow Reels, the next free spin will be played with 8 active rows. If Dorothy meets exactly the Glinda the Good Witch, during the next free spin, 2-5 reels will be randomly replaced with GLINDA WILD. If Dorothy meets or passes Scarecrow, all remaining spins will be played using an alternate reel set where DOROTHY appears as DOROTHY & SCARECROW and SCARECROW does not appear on the reels. If Dorothy meets or passes Tin Man, all remaining spins will be played using an alternate reel set where DOROTHY appears as DOROTHY & TINMAN and SCARECROW and TINMAN do not appear on the reels. If Dorothy meets or passes Cowardly Lion, all remaining spins will be played using an alternate reel set where DOROTHY appears as DOROTHY & LION and SCARECROW, TINMAN, and LION do not appear on the reels. If Dorothy reaches the Emerald City, all remaining spins will be played using an alternate reel set where DOROTHY appears as DOROTHY & LION, SCARECROW, TINMAN, and MOVE do not appear on the reels, and all remaining spins will be played with 8 active rows. If no free spins remain after a spin where Dorothy landed exactly on Grow Reels or Glinda the Good Witch, landed on or passed Scarecrow, Tin Man, or Cowardly Lion, or reached the Emerald City, 1 free spin is awarded. During the Yellow Brick Road Bonus, if 2 or more scattered BONUS have previously landed fewer than 20 total times, 2 or more scattered BONUS award 5 additional spins. Otherwise, 2 or more scattered BONUS award 1000x bet multiplier. BONUS appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 during the Yellow Brick Road Bonus. An alternate set of reels is used during the Yellow Brick Road Bonus. Winning combinations for reels used during the Yellow Brick Road Bonus are identical to the base game except JACKPOT, RUBY SLIPPERS, EMERALD BONUS, GOLD BONUS, and SILVER BONUS do not appear. FREE SPINS are guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x the total bet. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game anddisplay the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based onprior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.12%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 6/17/2025