Wild Tales – Jack’s Beans GAME DESCRIPTION “WILD TALES™ JACK’S BEANS™”, wondrous treasure awaits in this fantastical fable. The free game feature is triggered by a variety of scatter types, most of which award either jackpots or bonuses in the triggering game. All scatters that trigger the feature become wild and hold their position throughout the free games. “WILD TALES™ JACK’S BEANS™” has a 3x5 matrix layout, with fixed 50 lines. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start a game cycle. UI:- BUTTONS Title Action Spin Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop Stops the reel spin immediately (wherever applicable). Autoplay Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins consecutively : 10, 25, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000 (wherever applicable). Autoplay Stop Press to stop Autoplay session manually (wherever applicable). Bet Displays the bet per line options for the player to select the level of their Bet. Menu Displays a settings screen with the following options to choose: Bet Per Line, Info and Help. Audio Choose to enable/disable the sound. Turbo Spin Turn on/off to change the speed of the Spin to a faster/normal spin (wherever applicable). Gamble Start the gamble game - Press the GAMBLE button at a win. Collect Collect the win or go back to the base game. SETTING BUTTONS Title Action Paytable & Help Choose to view the Paytable and feature descriptions for the game. Bet Setting Displays the Bet per line Options available for the player to select and change the level of their bet. Setting Close Close the window. Max Displays the maximum bet. [IMPORTANT]: AUTOPLAY AND TURBO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE GAME YOU ARE PLAYING. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet – Shows the bet value of the current setting. Bet per line – Shows the current bet per line. Bet level – Displays the available bet options. Spin Button – Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max – Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable) – Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. The loss limit (wherever applicable) will avert you from losing above set limit during autoplay session. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing Stop Autoplay button. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Credits – Displays the credit amount of the player. All credit, bet and win meters would be shown in currency. BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE Any 6 or more SCATTERS (of a kind/mixed) trigger BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE. BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE consists of 5 free games. Different reels are used during the BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE. Before the free games start, any SCATTER that triggered the BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE change into and are held until the free games end. All bets and lines played during the BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE are the same as the game that triggered the BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE. FREE GAMES cannot be triggered again during the FREE GAMES. JACKPOTS There are 4 kinds of double symbols, 2 for jackpots and 2 for fixed bonus prizes that is attached to the . This game has 2 levels of fixed jackpots and 2 fixed bonus prizes. Jackpots and fixed bonus prizes can be won during base game only. In the bought game that triggers the BEANSTALK WILD FEATURE only, the prize displayed on any appearing , , and is won. Rank Type Win Fixed Jackpot 250000 Fixed Jackpot 50000 Bonus Prize 5000 Bonus Prize 1000 Currency Unit varies according to jurisdictions. Jackpot and Bonus prize wins will be multiplied by bet per line. GAME RULES This game requires a minimum of 50 credits multiplied by bet per line to play. This game is intended for all play lines. All wins are shown in currency. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. Each symbol appearing on a reel is counted once per winning combination. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Only highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Wins on different lines are added. All wins are multiplied by bet per line. Free Games wins are added to line wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. GAMBLE FEATURE To enter the gamble game after a win, press the GAMBLE button. Select RED/BLACK or a SUIT to gamble the total win. Win is quadrupled if suit selection is correct. Win is doubled if red/black selection is correct. Gamble feature is not available for any feature win. Wins may be gambled up to 5 times. Gamble will not be offered for the wins awarded during the feature trigger. Gamble will not be offered during Autoplay. All wins cannot be gambled if the Jackpot is triggered. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Sound: - Choose to enable/disable the game sounds. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice : 10, 25, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1000. Autoplay Advanced Settings (wherever applicable): Loss Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Win Limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Single win limit: Stops autoplay spins if selected limit reached. Stop on any win: Stops on any wins. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game. “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP The return to player of the game is 89.29% plus 6.90% for the Jackpots. VERSION This is game rules version 1.0 dated 05-27-2024. Last modification date: 3/17/2026