Wild Heist at Peacock Manor Button Function Click to start a game round. On desktop you may also press the space bar on your keyboard. Display bet settings. Display autoplay settings. Display game rules. Display paytable. Skip presentation. Toggles the sound on and off. Exit game. Exit current screen. Start feature (e.g Free Spins). Stop auto play session. 1. Wild Heist at Peacock Manor is a video slot with 5 reels and 17 pay lines. The game features main game mystery features and a bonus game with free spins, symbol transformations and retriggers. The theoretical return to player is 96.1%. 2. A game round is started with the action button and plays the game with the selected bet level. 3. No bets can be altered during a game round. 4. Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the auto play page. 5. All game payout and win combinations are paid out according to the pay table. 6. Only the highest win per pay way is paid out, if in sequence from leftmost to right and in combinations according to the pay table. 7. All pay way wins during a game round are added and presented at the end of the game round. 8. All wins are presented and paid out in the selected currency. 9. The wild symbols substitutes fother symbol except the scatter symbol. 10. 3 or more scatter symbols trigger the Bonus game consisting of free spins. 11. In the Main game, a mystery feature may be triggered randomly on any spin. The mystery feature can be either a Wild Reel spin, a Random Wild spin or a Walking Wild spin with accompanying respins. 12. When entering the Bonus game, the player gets to pick 3 cards (with an additional pick for every additional scatter) to determine the type of free spins played. The cards include extra free spins, additional multiplier on each win, a Mystery feature or a mid-win symbol being transformed into a wild. The effect of the picked card remains active throughout the bonus game with the exception of free spins which are added to the total of the remaining spins. 13. In the Bonus game, 2 or more scatters trigger a re-pick where the player may pick additional cards. 14. The Bonus game is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered the bonus game. 15. In the event of game malfunction all affected bets and pays are rendered void. Last modification date: 5/3/2018