Wonders of Africa How to Play Cooperative Symbols Feature The following are Cooperative Symbols: If a Cooperative Symbol appears in any position on reel 3, the Cooperative Symbol and all of the corresponding royal symbols appearing on the reels transform into the corresponding animal symbol. Each newly transformed animal symbol expands to transform all symbols in all positions on that reel into the same animal symbol. Cooperative Symbol Corresponding Royal Symbol Corresponding Animal Symbol Free Games 3 in any position award 7 Free Games. During Free Games, 3 in any position award 7 extra Free Games. Free Games end when 0 Free Games remain or after 98 Free Games have been played. Alternate reels are used during the Free Games feature. The bet, lines played, and pays during the Free Games feature are the same as the initiating base game. Free Games Cooperative Symbols Feature During Free Games, if a Cooperative Symbol appears in any position on reel 3, the Cooperative Symbol and all of the corresponding royal symbols appearing on the reels transform into the corresponding animal symbol. Each newly transformed animal symbol and all of that same animal symbol appearing on the reels prior to the symbol transformation expand to transform all symbols in all positions on that reel into the same animal symbol. Cooperative Symbol Corresponding Royal Symbol Corresponding Animal Symbol Game Rules User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Autoplay session — The number of Autoplay game rounds selected. Loss Limit — set the maximum loss for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Single Win Limit — set a win limit for the Autoplay session — if this value is met or exceeded, the Autoplay session will stop. Stop On A Progressive Jackpot (if enabled) — choose if the Autoplay session should stop / not stop if a Progressive Jackpot is won. This option will only be displayed on games offering Progressive Jackpot(s). Bet — amend the Bet value, if required. The Start Button will populate with the selected number of Autoplays when a permissible combination of settings has been selected. Certain Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. If you are disconnected while playing, Autoplay settings will have to be re-set when you re-load the game. Additional Information The overall return to player is 95.21%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/1/2022