Yule Be Rich The pays above are the pays awarded at minimum bet. All pays are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Christmas Tree Feature The appearance of 2 triggers the Christmas Tree Feature. During the Christmas Tree Feature, each will award the currency win displayed when they are on consecutive reels left to right, starting with reel 3. Reel 3 ( ) can award 2x, 3x, or 5x the bet amount. Reel 4 ( ) can award 5x, 10x, or 20x the bet amount. Reel 5 ( ) can award 20x, 50x, 100x, or 200x the bet amount. Bonus Games The appearance of 3, 4, or 5 awards 10, 15, or 25 Bonus Games, respectively. The Christmas Tree Feature can occur during Bonus Games. During Bonus Games, reels may expand during a Christmas Tree Feature from 243 ways to 576 ways. During Bonus Games, each has a chance to multiply the total win by x2 or x3. During Bonus Games, the appearance of 3, 4, or 5 awards 10, 15, or 25 additional Bonus Games, respectively. Alternate reels are used during the Bonus Games Feature. The bet, ways played, and pays during the Bonus Games Feature are the same as the initiating base game. The maximum amount of Bonus Games is 1000. After the limit is reached, Bonus Games will end. The Game Name and Design Works Gaming are trademarks of Design Works Studios LLC To learn more, visit DesignWorksGaming.com To calculate the total win, add all the symbol wins together. To calculate a single symbol win, count the number of consecutive reels that contain the symbol, starting from the leftmost reel. If any of the reels contain more than 1 instance of the winning symbols, the win will be multiplied. Multiply the number of winning symbols on each of the reels to get the final multiplier. For example, if the first reel contains 1 symbol, the second reel 2 symbols and the third reel 3 symbols, the total multiplier is: 1 x 2 x 3 = 6. Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the win display and then credited to the appropriate balance. All ways are active at all times. User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. Exits the autoplay menu. Starts the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining Bet Definitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.90%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Last modification date: 12/2/2025