Young Guns YOUNG GUNS How to Play Introduction: Atlantic Digital's Young Guns is under license from Morgan Creek Productions, Inc. How to Play: Select your desired bet using the bet select menu. Once ready, click the spin button to start the game. The space bar can be used to start a reel spin or skip win animations. Double clicking the space bar or spin button will result in a turbo spin. Turbo spins may not be available in the game you are playing. Winning Payouts: The paytable showing payouts for winning symbol combinations can be accessed by clicking the "i" button. The "i" button can be accessed via the settings button on the main game screen. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. Game Rules: Young Guns is a 6x4, 20-line video slot that features a free spins bonus and Rollin' Respins™ It pays from left to right and all winning combinations must be on consecutive reels starting on the leftmost reel. The highest win per line is paid. Wild Symbol Rules: Wild symbols exist on all reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for scatters and bullet symbols. Landing a character symbol on the correct reel turns it into a full reel wild. The character symbol must match the character image on the wanted poster above the reel to be defined as a correct reel. Rollin' Respins™ Rules: Landing a character symbol on the correct reel turns it into a full reel wild and triggers the Rollin' Respins™ feature. During the Rollin' Respins™ feature, the expanded wild moves 1 reel to the left on every respin. The Rollin' Respins™ feature ends when there are no more expanded wilds in view on the reels. Line wins during Rollin' Respins™ will be multiplied by any multiplier values assigned to the wild if the wild is part of the line win. If more than 1 multiplier is active during Rollin' Respins™ any line wins will be subject to the sum of those multipliers. Scatter symbols and bullet symbols cannot land during Rollin' Respins™. Billy's Bullets Rules: Bullet symbols can only land in the base game and only exist on reel 6. Each bullet symbol can contain between 1 and 6 bullets. Any bullets that land are collected in the Billy's Bullet meter. When 6 bullets have been collected they are fired at the wanted posters above the reels. If a wanted poster is shot 3 times, a multiplier is added to that poster. That multiplier decreases by 1 on every respin until it is activated. It is activated by a correct character symbol expanding on that reel and turning wild. Any multiplier added to an expanded wild remains for as long as that expanded wild is in view. After a multiplier has been added to an expanded wild that multiplier is removed from the wanted poster above that reel. If 3 shots are fired at a wanted poster that already contains a multiplier the new multiplier value is added to the existing multiplier. The number of bullets shot at the wanted posters is saved between rounds and is linked to bet size. Any multiplier added to a wanted poster is linked to bet size. Free Spin Scatter Rules: Free Spins scatter symbols exist on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. The free spins scatter symbol pays anywhere on the reel. 4 free spins scatter symbols trigger the free spins bonus. Hold & Hit Ante Rules: If the Hold & Hit Ante is active it gives improved odds of triggering free spins. If the Hold & Hit Ante is active the player's total bet is increased by 40%. The base bet remains the same. If the Hold & Hit Ante is active and if exactly 3 free spins scatters are in view at the end of a spin, the Hold & Hit feature is triggered. The Hold & Hit feature allows players to hold the reels on which free spins scatters are in view and respin the reel where a 4th scatter may land. Only free spins scatter symbols are active during the respin. No other symbols are in play and no line wins will be paid as a result of any symbol that land during the respin. The Hold & Hit Ante Bet may not be available in the game you are playing. The Hold & Hit Ante is optional. The Hold & Hit Ante is not available in free bet mode. The RTP when the Hold & Hit Ante is active is 94.27%. Free Spins Rules: Free spins round total bets are the same as the base bet placed before triggering the bonus. Once triggered, the player can choose 1 of 4 types of free spins; Option 1; Low Volatility: 8 free spins with 1 random multiplier Option 2; Medium Volatility: 6 free spins with 2 random multipliers. Option 3; High Volatility: 4 free spins with 3 random multipliers. Option 4; Random: 8, 6 or 4 free spins with either 1, 2 or 3 random multipliers. Random multipliers are applied to the wanted posters before each free spin. Unactivated multipliers are removed from the wanted posters after each free spin. A random multiplier is activated by a correct character symbol expanding on that reel and triggering Rollin' Respins™. Any Rollin' Respins™ do not deduct from the free spins count. Free spins cannot be retriggered. Bullet symbols do not exist during free spins. Feature Buy Rules: Players can buy free spins from the base game. Players have 2 different feature buy options. Paying 100x the players regular bet triggers free spins with 4 different options; Option 1; Low Volatility: 8 free spins with 1 random multiplier and a RTP of 94.50%. Option 2; Medium Volatility: 6 free spins with 2 random multipliers and a RTP of 94.46%. Option 3; High Volatility: 4 free spins with 3 random multipliers and a RTP of 94.46%. Option 4; Random: 8, 6 or 4 free spins with either 1, 2 or 3 random multipliers and a RTP of 94.47%. Paying 200x the players regular bet triggers free spins with a RTP of 94.47% and guarantees 8 free spins with 3 random multipliers. Feature buy may not be available in the game you are playing. Feature buy is not available when the Hold & Hit Ante is active. Terms and Return to Player: In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94.16%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Menu Pay table Within the game menu, press the "i" icon to view pay table and game information. Help Within the game menu, the "?" icon opens the game's help file. Sound / Music Use the sound option to mute or enable all game sounds. Where applicable, you can use the music option to turn off just the background music, while leaving other game sounds on. Turbo Mode The lightning symbol can be used to enable or disable turbo mode. This mode allows you to speed up the gameplay for faster results. Autoplay To use autoplay, simply select the amount of spins you desire using the default options or enter your own amount via the pen icon. Then choose a total loss limit and press the button to confirm and start the spins. You may also use the "More settings" section to stop the autoplay when a bonus round is triggered or when a jackpot is won (where applicable). Other Please note, the performance of your network or devices (e.g. the speed of your connection or processor) may have, or may appear to have, an effect on the game such as in making decisions where speed is a factor or the update of progressive jackpot values. Last modification date: 6/5/2025