Yukon Gold GAME INFORMATION The game has 25 paylines which are active at all times. Wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the far-left reel. The paytable reflects the current bet configuration. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins on different paylines are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. WILDS WILD symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except moon symbol and free spins symbol. YUKON GOLD™ BONUS When 4 or more moon symbols appear anywhere on the reels, the YUKON GOLD™ bonus is triggered. When the bonus starts, 3 reel positions are selected at random and highlighted. Three respins are awarded. If another moon symbol appears in any position on the reels, the spins remaining counter is reset to 3. If a moon symbol appears in all 3 of the selected reel positions, the JACKPOT PICK bonus is awarded and will be played after the YUKON GOLD™ bonus ends. Each moon symbol will display a corresponding prize value. Prizes range from 1x to 25x. moon SCATTER SYMBOL YUKON GOLD™ BONUS At random, a GOLDEN EAGLE may fly over the reels and double all the prize values shown on the moon symbols. If a GOLDEN EAGLE appears, the spins remaining counter is reset to 3. The bonus continues until there are no spins remaining, or all 15 reel positions contain a moon symbol. The values shown on each moon symbol will then be awarded. The GOLDEN EAGLE may fly over the reels a maximum of 4 times. FREE SPINS BONUS The Free Spins bonus is triggered when 3 freespin symbols appear in any position on reels 1, 3 and 5. Ten Free Spins are awarded. If 1, 2 or 3 moon symbols appear in any position on the reels, the values shown on those symbols will be awarded. The YUKON GOLD™ bonus can be triggered during Free Spins. It is not possible to retrigger the Free Spins bonus. JACKPOT PICK FEATURE If the JACKPOT PICK bonus is awarded from the YUKON GOLD™ bonus, the bonus game will be played once the YUKON GOLD™ bonus has ended. Pick a coin to reveal a jackpot, when three matching jackpots are displayed, the corresponding jackpot is awarded. There are 4 JACKPOT symbols: MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, GRAND. The feature ends when one jackpot is awarded to the player. BONU$PLAY™ You can choose to play the YUKON GOLD™ bonus by pressing the BONU$PLAY™ button. This function may not be available due to the jurisdiction in which you are located. The cost of the BONU$PLAY™ feature is displayed on screen. Press CONFIRM to begin the game. The reels will spin to a position containing between 4 and 10 moon symbols, and the bonus will begin. There are 3 different options for the BONU$PLAY™ feature: 'Standard' costs 50x base game bet, the minimum game win is 4x base game bet. 'Super' costs 75x base game bet, the minimum game win is 8x base game bet. 'Mega' costs 100x base game bet, the minimum game win is 12x base game bet. The BONU$PLAY™ feature has an expected return of RTP: 50x Bet 75x Bet 100x Bet 87% N/A N/A N/A 90% N/A N/A N/A 92% 92.23% 92.23% 92.20% 94% 94.00% 94.00% 93.99% 96% 95.99% 95.99% 96.01% TURBO MODE The Turbo Mode button is displayed on the bottom right of the reels with an 'ON' and 'OFF' option. Turn ON Turbo Mode button to speed up each spin, it can be turned OFF at any point during the game. When Free Spins are awarded Turbo Mode will be unavailable. Activating Turbo Mode does not influence the results of the spins. Turbo Mode may not be available in your jurisdiction. LEGAL NOTICE In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The expected return for this game is 87.25% / 90.25% / 92.28% / 94.02% / 95.89%. This reflects the theoretical return across many plays. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 4/29/2025