Zodiac Infinity Reels Help File Zodiac Infinity Reels TM Zodiac Infinity Reels TM is an innovative slot game with new mechanics. Player starts with 3 reels x 4 rows. New reels may be added Infinitely; each new reel increases the multiplier for all symbols wins. Adding an exciting Wheel Feature which pays instant prizes and can also improve the number of spins and symbol win multiplier increment of the upcoming Free Spins feature. Each spin has the chance to keep adding new reels for bigger wins and a shot at reaching the jackpot. On 15th reel, the player is awarded the Infinity Bonus of 888x total bet The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 95.57% Rules Wild ZODIAC substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. Scatter Any WHEEL symbol win during the base game triggers the Wheel Feature. Symbol Pays Symbol pays from left to right except WHEEL (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplier by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Infinity Reels TM All spins begin with 3 reels. On any spin, if the rightmost reel improves any symbol combination, then an extra reel is added to the right. The new reel is spun, and if it again improves any symbol combination then another reel is added and so on. Wins are calculated once no extra reel is added. There is no upper limit imposed on the number of reels that can be added. Symbol Multiplier The Symbol Multiplier is applied to all symbol wins. In any new game, the Symbol Multiplier starts as 1. In the base game, the Symbol Multiplier increases by 1 every time a new reel is added. In Free Spins, the Symbol Multiplier increases by between 1 & 7 (depending on the outcome of the Wheel Feature) every time a new reel is added. The Symbol Multiplier starts at 1 when Free Spins commence but is not reset between Free Spins. There is no upper limit imposed on the Symbol Multiplier. Wheel Feature Any WHEEL symbol win during the base game triggers the Wheel Feature. After the Wheel Feature, Free Spins will commence. The Wheel Feature pays instant prizes and can also improve the number of spins and symbol win multiplier increment of the upcoming Free Spins feature. 8 Free Spins with a Symbol Win Multiplier Increment of 1 are stored. Five wheels are presented with incrementally larger prizes. The first wheel is spun. If a cash prize is won, it is paid, and the Wheel Feature ends. If a Free Spin increment, or Symbol Win Multiplier Increment is won, the respective value is added to the stored amount, and the next wheel is spun. The fifth wheel contains only Jackpot prizes; thus all positions will trigger the Wheel Feature to end. Jackpot Prizes are: Grand : 1000 x total bet Major : 100 x total bet Minor : 25 x total bet Mini : 10 x total bet The Wheel Feature is played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Infinity Bonus A prize of 888x total bet (22,200 coins) is awarded for any spin that results in 13 or more reels being added. The Symbol Multiplier is not applied to Infinity Bonus wins. Free Spins Free Spins commence once the Wheel Feature completes. The player is awarded as many spins as were stored in the Wheel Feature. The Symbol Multiplier increases by the amount that was stored in the Wheel Feature every time a new reel is added. Any WHEEL symbol win during Free Spins awards an extra 4 spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Game Rules 25 coins to play. Participating symbol count, for symbols with a visible height greater than one row, is calculated as the total number of rows the symbol covers, in the active four-row display. Symbols pay from left to right except WHEEL (which pays any) where the participating symbol count is greater or equal to 5. Symbols all pay as scatters. Symbol pays are calculated as the number of participating symbols multiplied by the symbol value as found in the Paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins for different symbols are added. ZODIAC substitutes for all symbols except WHEEL. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to Player is 95.57% The maximum win from a single game is 234,000 How to Play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet based on current lines selected and bet per line; then spin the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to Base Game. Home Button Go to Casino Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: - Turn sounds On or Off - Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On) - Turn left hand mode On or Off Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 10 spins to 100 spins. Last modification date: 6/14/2023