Zodiac Lantern Tiger Zodiac Lantern Tiger BASEGAME Base Game consists of 3 x 5 grid gameplay. Game is played on 50 pay lines. PAYTABLE The scatter can appear on reel 2,3, and 4. Wild substitutes for all symbols except scattered, Red Lanterns and Gold Lanterns. Wild appears only on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All line pays are multiplied by the current Total Bet divided by 20. LANTERNS Lanterns will be awarded only in Hold & Spin feature. Credit Lantern: Lanterns with MINI jackpot, MINOR jackpot and multiplier values ranging from 0.5x to 4x of total bet. Game-In-Game Lantern: Multiplier values including MEGA and MAJOR keep scrolling in this type of lantern. One of those is awarded at the end of the feature. The multiplier values are ranging from 20x to 150x of total bet. Glow Lantern: Values on these lanterns will increment after landing on unlocked arrays or when the array is unlocked on which they are present in Bonus feature. The multiplier values are ranging from 0.5x to 100x of total bet. HOLD & SPIN BONUS FEATURE Landing 6 or more Red Lanterns will trigger the Hold & Spin Feature. If Gold Lanterns is among the 6 or more lanterns, then a Gold Version of the Hold & Spin feature will trigger. When fewer than 6 lantern symbols are present on the reel grid, a random event may occur, adding the required lantern symbols to trigger the Hold & Spin feature. Spins are reset to 3 when new lantern lands on unlocked arrays. Hold & Spin feature uses an alternate set of reels. Only Red lanterns and Gold lanterns are evaluated during the feature. If all the positions on reel arrays are held by the lanterns, then no additional spin will be played, and feature will end. There are 2 versions of the Hold & Spin feature Normal Version - Red Lanterns and Gold Version - Gold Lanterns Normal Version Starts with one reel array unlocked. It can unlock up to 3 additional reel arrays as more lanterns are collected. Reel layout Number of Lanterns Required to unlock reel bundle 1st reel bundle 6 2nd reel bundle 8 3rd reel bundle 15 4th reel bundle 30 Red Lanterns landing on the locked reel arrays will be retained till the end of feature but will only be awarded if that respective array unlocks. Lanterns that become active when a reel array is unlocked are added to total lantern count. At the end of the feature prizes displayed on the lanterns appeared on the active reels arrays will be awarded. Gold Version All 4-reel arrays are automatically unlocked from the start. Lanterns from original reel array gets duplicated to all 4-reel arrays. Gold Version is triggered by Gold landing on reels on triggering spin. During the random trigger, the Gold Version of the HOLD & SPIN BONUS feature will be activated if the golden lantern symbol is present on the reel grid. FREE SPINS Free Spins is triggered with 3 scattered landing on reels 2,3 and 4 awarding 2x bet and selection of free spin. Player is taken to SELECT FREE SPINS screen to choose number of FREE SPINS. Free spins will have same winning lines as base game. Free spins use an alternate set of reels. Free spins will also have a special wild symbol, which appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 and will expand to occupy all positions on the reel which it lands. Hold & Spin can be triggered in Free Spins. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Free spins can be retriggered with selected spins option with 3 scatter symbols on reel 2,3 and 4. JACKPOT All Jackpots are awarded only from lanterns on unlocked reel arrays in Hold & Spin bonus feature. The game has 4 jackpots. MINI and MINOR Jackpots are won from Credit Lantern symbols on reel arrays. MAJOR and MEGA Jackpots are won from GIG (Game in Game) lantern symbols. MEGA - 2500x of total bet. MAJOR - 500x of total bet. MINOR - 50x of total bet. MINI - 10x of total bet. SIMULTANEOUS FEATURE TRIGGER Free Games and 'Hold & Spin' feature can be triggered simultaneously. 'Hold & Spin' feature will be played out first. LEGAL NOTICES A stable Internet connection is required. In the event of a disconnection, please relaunch the game to complete any outstanding transactions. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each game is completely independent. The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/3/2024