Zeus 1000 Base Game WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS. WILD does not appear on the COLOSSAL REEL SET. BONUS only appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. 3 or more scattered BONUS trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Any four stacked WILD appearing on the MAIN REEL SET starts a symbol transfer, turning the corresponding reel on the COLOSSAL REEL SET into WILD. Any BONUS appearing on this reel displays as a WONUS. WONUS is wild for all symbols. All winning combinations are evaluated after WILD transfers. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel on each reel set. Line pays do not continue from one reel set to the next. Each reel set uses a unique set of reels. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. FREE SPIN BONUS 6 BONUS award 30 free spins + 25X total bet. 5 BONUS award 20 free spins + 20X total bet. 4 BONUS award 15 free spins + 10X total bet. 3 BONUS award 10 free spins + 2X total bet. WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS. WILD does not appear on the COLOSSAL REEL SET. ZEUS ADD is wild for ZEUS. An alternate set of reels is used during free spins. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except BONUS is not available. The bet per line and the number of active paylines selected remains the same as the spin that triggered the bonus. During free spins, 4 stacked ZEUS appearing on reel 1 of the MAIN REEL SET change all ZEUS to ZEUS ADD and adds a total of 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, or 1000 ZEUS ADD for that spin, distributed across all reels except reel 1 of the MAIN REEL SET. For the duration of this spin, an alternate set of reels are used. Any line pays are then evaluated. During the Free Spin Bonus, the player is guaranteed that the Zeus Feature will be triggered at least once. All scatter pay awards are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. QUIKSET PANEL Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Bonus Guarantee When max lines are played, the Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 10x total bet is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. When less than max lines are played, a Bonus Mystery Kicker may award 5x, 10x or 20x the total bet at the end of bonus. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS. WILD does not appear on the COLOSSAL REEL SET. BONUS only appears on reels 1,3 and 5 of the MAIN REEL SET and reels 1,3 and 5 of the COLOSSAL REEL SET. 3 or more scattered BONUS trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Any four stacked WILD appearing on the MAIN REEL SET starts a symbol transfer, turning the corresponding reel on the COLOSSAL REEL SET into WILD. Any BONUS appearing on this reel displays as a WONUS. WONUS is wild for all symbols. All winning combinations are evaluated after WILD transfers. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel on each reel set. Line pays do not continue from one reel set to the next. Each reel set uses a unique set of reels. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. FREE SPIN BONUS 6 BONUS award 30 free spins + 25X total bet. 5 BONUS award 20 free spins + 20X total bet. 4 BONUS award 15 free spins + 10X total bet. 3 BONUS award 10 free spins + 2X total bet. WILD is wild for all symbols, except BONUS. WILD does not appear on the COLOSSAL REEL SET. ZEUS ADD is wild for ZEUS. An alternate set of reels is used during free spins. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game except BONUS is not available. The bet per line and the number of active paylines selected remains the same as the spin that triggered the bonus. During free spins, 4 stacked ZEUS appearing on reel 1 of the MAIN REEL SET change all ZEUS to ZEUS ADD and adds a total of 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, or 1000 ZEUS ADD for that spin, distributed across all reels except reel 1 of the MAIN REEL SET. For the duration of this spin, an alternate set of reels are used. Any line pays are then evaluated. During the Free Spin Bonus, the player is guaranteed that the Zeus Feature will be triggered at least once. All scatter pay awards are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter pays are added to payline wins. Only highest winner paid per winning combination on each reel set. Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. QUIKSET PANEL Clicking on the Total Bet meter opens and closes the Quikset panel. All values in the Quikset panel are equated with maximum paylines enabled. Click a value to immediately change the Total Bet value to that amount. The number of active paylines and the bet per line will be updated to reflect the Total Bet amount selected in the Quikset panel. Clicking on a value in the Quikset panel will not set the reels into motion. Bonus Guarantee When max lines are played, the Free Spins Bonus is guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x total bet. Any bonus ending with less than 10x total bet is automatically increased to 10x total bet at the end of the bonus. The Bonus Guarantee value includes the initiating scatter pay. When less than max lines are played, a Bonus Mystery Kicker may award 5x, 10x or 20x the total bet at the end of bonus. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total line bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is the line bet amount added for every 2 lines. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020