Zeus III Untitled Document Base Game WILD FEATURE ZEUS WILD REEL WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. Paytable reflects current bet configuration. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. All line pays are already multiplied by the bet multiplier. Line pays must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. FEATURE only appears on reels 2 through 6 in the base game. Wild Symbols WILD is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. In the base game, a full reel of ZEUS transforms into the WILD REEL. During the Free Spins, if 1 or more ZEUS appear on any reel, they automatically nudge to fill the reel and become a WILD REEL. WILD REEL is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. All pays are evaluated after the WILD REEL transformation. Feature Description Free Spin Feature is triggered by 3 or more FEATURE symbols scattered on reels 2 through 6. Free Spins are awarded from Feature Reels, with the reels and lines flipped. During the Free Spins, if 1 or more ZEUS appear on any reel, they automatically nudge to fill the reel and become a WILD REEL. All pays are evaluated after the WILD REEL transformation. WILD REEL is wild for all symbols except FEATURE. 5 scattered FEATURE symbols award 50 Free Spins + 50x Total Bet. 4 scattered FEATURE symbols award 25 Free Spins + 10x Total Bet. 3 scattered FEATURE symbols award 10 Free Spins. During free spins, an alternate set of reels is used. Winning combinations for these reels are identical to the base game. During Free Spins the Bet Multiplier and the Active Paylines remain the same as the spin that triggered the Feature. FEATURE only appears on reels 1 through 5 in the feature. During Free Spins, 3 or more scattered FEATURE on reels 1 through 5 add additional free spins to the amount remaining. Paylines Wins on multiple paylines are added together. Total bet must be divided equally between each active payline; therefore, all total bet amounts are not available. The total bet is base bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only active paylines can register wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 96.1%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021