Elvis Presley: Viva Las Records Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. The Wild symbol substitutes all symbols except Golden Record symbols. Cash Prizes Up to 12 Golden Record symbols that carry Cash Prizes with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, or 10x can land on the reels per spin. When a Golden Record symbol lands on the reels, it throws a coin towards the rotating Record above the reel it lands on. Each coin has a chance to activate the rotating Record and trigger the Hold & Win feature. The graphical changes of the rotating Records are purely for visual entertainment and do not have any influence on chance for triggering of the feature.If the Cash and Jackpot prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes all symbols except Golden Record symbols. Cash Prizes Up to 12 Golden Record symbols that carry Cash Prizes with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, or 10x can land on the reels per spin. When a Golden Record symbol lands on the reels, it throws a coin towards the rotating Record above the reel it lands on. Each coin has a chance to activate the rotating Record and trigger the Hold & Win feature. The graphical changes of the rotating Records are purely for visual entertainment and do not have any influence on chance for triggering of the feature.If the Cash and Jackpot prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. Hold and Win When the Hold & Win feature is activated, a Collector symbol covers the whole reel beneath each activated rotating Record. The only symbols present on the reels during Hold & Win are Golden Record, Jackpot Record, Collector, and Empty symbols.The Hold & Win feature starts with 3 Free Spins. Each time a Golden Record or Jackpot Record symbol lands on the reels, the free spins are reset to 3.During the Hold & Win feature, the Cash Prizes of all Golden Record and Jackpot Record symbols are collected by the Collector symbols and are awarded at the end of the feature. When a rotating Record is activated during the feature, a new Collector symbol is added to the reel beneath it after the Cash and Jackpot Prizes have been collected.The Grand Jackpot Prize is awarded only if all 5 rotating Records are activated during the same Hold & Win feature. When the Grand Jackpot Prize is awarded, the feature is terminated. There are 5 jackpots in the game. During Hold & Win, when the Jackpot Record symbol reveals a symbol with the name of a jackpot, the corresponding jackpot prize is awarded. Up to 4 Jackpot Records can land on the reels per spin. Jackpot Records can only land on the reels during the Hold & Win bonus.The awards are:Mini jackpot - 20x the stakeMinor jackpot - 50x the stakeMajor jackpot - 100x the stakeMaxi jackpot - 250x the stakeGrand jackpot - 2500x the stake How to play Elvis Presley: Viva Las Records Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is 92.71% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Hold & Win using Buy Feature is 92.82% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100.00 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is 92.78%. Last modification date: 3/24/2026