Juicy Rolls: Feature Frenzy Pick a Bonus Landing 3 Bonus symbols in the same spin triggers Pick a Bonus. Bonus symbols can only land on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th reel. When the Pick a Bonus feature is triggered 5 face-down cards appear on the screen, one of which is chosen. Each card represents a different bonus, which is awarded when a card is revealed. The awarded Bonus is not influenced by whichever face-down card is picked. The possible bonuses are: - Free Spins - 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 15, 17, 20, 22, or 25 Free Spins - Win Spins - 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, or 15 Free Spins with a guaranteed win on each spin - Cash Prize - Cash Prize with a value of 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 250x, or 500x, awarded instantly - Wild Wilds - 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10, 12, or 15 Wild Fruits guaranteed to land on the reels in the next free spin - All - All Bonuses The possible values of the Bonuses changes on each spin. When the All Bonuses card is revealed, the 4 Bonus features are played in sequence. How to play Juicy Rolls: Feature Frenzy Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to: HELP, SETTINGS, AUTOPLAY and HISTORY options, where you can access helpful information for the current game. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. Unsuccessful bets will immediately be scheduled for automatic refund. Games that remain unfinished for more than 90 days are settled according to the operator's terms and conditions. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million spins, is ≈92.73% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Pick a Bonus using Buy Feature is ≈92.88% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Max win achieved: 2655x Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $150.00 Game server version: 1.0.0 Last modification date: 8/5/2025