Grand Link Express Hold and Win Unlimited How to play Grand Link Express: Hold & Win Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. Unsuccessful bets will immediately be scheduled for automatic refund. Games that remain unfinished for more than 90 days are settled according to the operator's terms and conditions. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.71% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Hold & Win using Buy Feature is ≈92.83% Max win achieved: 3603x Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100.00 Game server version: 1.0.0 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is ≈92.75%. Malfunction void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025