3 Pyramids of Gold: Hold and Win Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Pharaoh Wild The Pharaoh Wild symbol is a Wild symbol that covers the whole reel and substitutes all other symbols except Golden Coin, Special Coin, and Scatter symbols. The Pharaoh Wild symbol can only land on the reels once per spin. Cash Prizes There are Golden Coin symbols on the reels, which contain cash prizes with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, or 10x. Cash prizes are only collected during the Hold & Win feature. If the cash prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. Golden Pyramids There are 3 Golden Pyramids above the slot - Collect, Mystery, and Double. When a special coin, that corresponds to a pyramid, lands on the reels, the respective pyramid collects a coin, and there is a chance for the Hold & Win feature to trigger with the same pyramid activated. Each special coin can only land once on the reels per spin. Pyramids remain activated for the duration of the feature. The graphical accumulation of these coins is purely for visual entertainment and does not have any influence on the triggering of the feature. Hold & Win On every spin, any of the pyramids has a chance to activate and add its corresponding Special Coin symbol and 5 Golden Coin symbols to the reels to trigger the Hold & Win bonus. The feature is also triggered if 6 Coin symbols of any kind land on the reels in the same spin. Hold & Win starts with 3 free spins. The only symbols present on the reels during Hold & Win are Golden Coins, Special Coins corresponding to the activated pyramids, Empty symbols, and Pyramid activator symbols. Each time a symbol lands on the reels, excluding the empty symbol, the free spins are reset to 3. During Hold & Win, all symbols that land on the reels are locked and remain until the end of the feature when all prizes on the slot are collected. Special Coin symbols gets one of the below bonus effects during Hold & Win: Collect - Collects the Cash Prizes of all symbols locked on the reels Mystery - Grants one of the Jackpots Double - Doubles the Cash Prizes of all symbols locked on the reels, except the Jackpot symbols, and receives one of the possible Cash Prizes of the Golden Coin symbols When the slot is filled with symbols and no new symbols can land, the feature is terminated. Pyramid Activator The Pyramid Activator symbol is added to the reels during the Hold & Win feature. When the Pyramid Activator symbol lands on the reels, it transforms into a Special Coin symbol corresponding to a non-activated Pyramid. If all Pyramids are activated, the Pyramid Activator symbol transforms into a random Special Coin symbol. When it transforms, the effect of the Special Coin is triggered, the symbol is added to the reels for the duration of the feature, and the corresponding Pyramid is activated. Jackpots There are 4 jackpots in the game. During Hold & Win, when the Mystery Special Coin symbol reveals a symbol with the name of a jackpot, the corresponding jackpot prize is awarded. The awards are: Mini jackpot - 15x the stake Minor jackpot - 50x the stake Major jackpot - 250x the stake Grand jackpot - 1000x the stake Free Spins Scatter symbols can only land on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th reels. Landing 3 Scatter symbols in the same spin, triggers 10 Free Spins. Landing 2 and 3 Scatter symbols in the same spin during Free Spins grants 5 and 10 additional spins respectively. During Free Spins, the Pharaoh Wild symbol has an x2 multiplier, which is applied to all winning combination the symbol is a part of. Golden Coin and Special Coin symbols cannot land on the reels for the duration of the feature. All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost. How to play 3 Pyramids of Gold: Hold & Win Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.77% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Hold & Win using Buy Feature is ≈92.85% Max win achieved: 4222x Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100.00 Game server version: 1.0.0 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is ≈92.78%. Last modification date: 9/23/2025