Coin Strike: Hold and Win COIN STRIKE FEATURE The Strike Bonus symbol in combination with any Bonus symbol triggers the Coin Strike Feature. The Coin Strike Feature collects the values of all Bonus symbols, including Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand Jackpot symbol values, and adds them to the winning for the spin in the Main Game or Total Win in the Bonus Game. BONUS GAME The Bonus Game starts when there is at least one Bonus symbol on each reel. Only Bonus and Strike Bonus symbols land on the reels during the Bonus Game. Strike Bonus symbols only land on reel 2 and stick on the reels during the Bonus Game. Payment is indicated on the symbol in currency: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x bets. 3 re-spins are granted at the beginning of the Bonus Game. Each new symbol resets the number of re-spins to 3. The Bonus Game continues until the player runs out of re-spins. When the Bonus Game ends the values accumulated in all Strike Bonus symbols are added to the Total Win. Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplies Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reachedStop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. Unsuccessful bets will immediately be scheduled for automatic refund. Games that remain unfinished for more than 90 days are settled according to the operator's terms and conditions. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/2/2025