Mega Cash Stack: Hold and Win Jackpot Prizes There are Jackpot Prizes above the Cash Prizes on the reels. The Jackpots are: Mini Jackpot - 10x the stake Minor Jackpot - 25x the stake Major Jackpot - 100x the stake Grand Jackpot - 3000x the stake When all Cash Prizes above a reel are collected during the Hold & Win bonus, the Jackpot above them is awarded. When all Mini, Minor, and Major Jackpot prizes are collected in the same round, the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Starting Boosters When the game is launched for the first time, the values of some of the Cash and Jackpot Prizes are boosted as follows: 2x Cash Prize on reel 1 receives an x2 multiplier 5x Cash Prize on reel 2 receives an x3 multiplier 3x Cash Prize on reel 3 receives an x3 multiplier Minor Jackpot on reel 4 receives an x3 multiplier 2x Cash Prize on reel 5 receives an x2 multiplier Hold & Win The bonus is guaranteed to trigger if 4 or more Golden Coin symbols land in the same spin. The Hold & Win bonus starts with 3 free spins. Each time a Golden Coin or Boost symbol lands on the reels, the free spins are reset to 3. During the Hold & Win feature, only Golden Coin, Boost, and empty symbols can land on the reels. During the Hold & Win feature, Golden Coin symbols that land on the reels are locked and remain until the end of the feature. When there are no free spins left, all Prizes are collected. When the bonus finishes, the multipliers of all collected Prizes are reset. If 15 symbols are locked on the reels, the Grand Jackpot Prize is awarded, and the feature is terminated. All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost. How to play Mega Cash Stack: Hold & Win Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.74% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100.00 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Any progress saved throughout play sessions is saved at the same Double Chance settings. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is ≈92.85%. Last modification date: 12/9/2025