Witches' Fortune: Hold and Win Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except Cauldron and Witch symbols. Cauldrons Up to 7 Cauldron symbols can land on the reels per spin during the Normal Game. Cash prizes are only won during the Hold & Win bonus. When a Cauldron symbol lands on the reels, it fills up the big cauldron below the slot and has a chance to trigger the Hold & Win bonus. The graphical changes to the cauldron contents are purely for visual entertainment and do not have any influence on the chance for triggering of the feature. Cash Potions There are Cash Potions with a base starting value of 1x the stake above the reels. When a Witch symbol lands on a reel, the value of the Cash Potion above the reel grows by 1x, up to a maximum of 10x. Only 1 Witch symbol can land on the reels per spin. The value of the Cash Potions is saved throughout play sessions for the game. Hold & Win The Hold & Win bonus starts with 3 free spins, and each time a Cauldron, Witch, or Jackpot symbol lands on the reels, the spins are reset to the maximum amount. The only symbols present on the reels during the bonus are Cauldron, Witch, Jackpot, and empty symbols. During Hold & Win, the multipliers next to the reels are unlocked. The multipliers have a starting value of x1 and grow +1 when a Witch symbol lands on the row next to them, up to a maximum of x5. During the Hold & Win bonus, the Cauldron symbols contain cash prizes with values of 1x the stake. If the cash prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. Up to 3 Cauldron symbols can land on the reels per spin. When a Cauldron or Jackpot symbol lands on the reels, the value of the Cash Potion at the top of its reel is added to its prize, and then the prize is multiplied by the multiplier next to its row. All Cauldron and Jackpot symbols lock on the reels and remain until the end of the feature. The multipliers reset when the bonus ends. When the slot is filled with symbols and no new symbols can land, the feature is terminated and the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Cash Potions and multipliers don’t modify the Grand jackpot prize. Jackpots There are 4 jackpots in the game. When a symbol corresponding to a jackpot prize lands on the reels, the respective prize is awarded. Jackpot symbols can only land on the reels during the Hold & Win bonus. The Grand jackpot is awarded only when the reels are full of locked symbols during the Hold & Win bonus. The awards are: Mini jackpot - 15x the stake Minor jackpot - 30x the stake Major jackpot - 150x the stake Grand jackpot - 3000x the stake How to play Witches' Fortune: Hold & Win Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.77% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100.00 Game server version: 1.0.0 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is ≈92.82%. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/27/2026