Fire Rail Express: Hold and Win Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except Golden Coin, Jackpot Coin, Cash Train, and Jackpot Train symbols. Cash Prizes Up to 6 Golden Coin symbols, which contain cash prizes with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, or 10x the stake, can land on the reels per spin. Cash prizes are only won if a Cash Train Symbol is present on the reels to collect them. If the cash prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. Golden Coin symbols cannot land on the middle reel. Golden Coin and Cash Train symbols cannot land on the reels at the same time as Jackpot Coin and Jackpot Train symbols. When a Golden Coin symbol lands on the reels, it adds a coin to the pile above the slot and has a chance to trigger the Hold & Win bonus. The graphical accumulation of these coins is purely for visual entertainment and does not have any influence on the chance for triggering of the feature. When a Golden Coin symbol triggers the Hold & Win bonus, symbols are added to the reels until there are up to 6 Golden Coin and 3 Cash Train symbols. Jackpot Prizes Up to 6 Jackpot Coin symbols, which contain jackpot prizes, can land on the reels per spin. The prizes are: - Mini jackpot - 15x the stake - Minor jackpot - 30x the stake - Major jackpot - 100x the stake - Grand jackpot - 500x the stake Jackpot prizes are only won if a Jackpot Train Symbol is present on the reels to collect them. Jackpot Coin symbols cannot land on the middle reel. When a Jackpot Coin symbol lands on the reels, it throws a coin to the jackpots above the slot and has a chance to trigger the Jackpot Hold & Win bonus. The visual changes to the jackpots are purely for entertainment and do not have any influence on the chance for triggering of the feature. When a Jackpot Coin symbol triggers the Hold & Win bonus, symbols are added to the reels until there are up to 6 Jackpot Coin and 3 Jackpot Train symbols. Cash Train One Cash Train symbol can only land on the middle reel per spin. Cash Train symbols collect the cash prizes of any Golden Coin symbols that are on the reels in the same spin. Jackpot Train One Jackpot Train symbol can only land on the middle reel per spin. Jackpot Train symbols collect the jackpot prizes of any Jackpot Coin symbols that are on the reels in the same spin. Hold & Win The feature is guaranteed to trigger if there is at least 1 Golden Coin and Cash Train symbol on each reel in the same spin. Hold & Win starts with 3 Free Spins, and each time a Golden Coin or Cash Train symbol lands on the reels, the spins are reset to the maximum amount. The only symbols present on the reels during the bonus are Golden Coin, Cash Train, and empty symbols. During Hold & Win, all Cash Train symbols that land on the reels are locked and remain until the end of the feature. All Cash Prizes that land on the reels are collected once by each Cash Train symbol, and are awarded when the feature ends. Jackpot Hold & Win The feature is guaranteed to trigger if there is at least 1 Jackpot Coin and Jackpot Train symbol on each reel in the same spin. Jackpot Hold & Win starts with 3 Free Spins, and each time a Jackpot Coin or Jackpot Train symbol lands on the reels, the spins are reset to the maximum amount. The only symbols present on the reels during the bonus are Jackpot Coin, Jackpot Train, and empty symbols. During Jackpot Hold & Win, all Jackpot Train symbols that land on the reels are locked and remain until the end of the feature. All Jackpot prizes that land on the reels are collected once by each Jackpot Train symbol, and are awarded when the feature ends. All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost. How to play Fire Rail Express: Hold & Win Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.78% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Hold & Win using Buy Feature is ≈92.81% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Jackpot Hold & Win using Buy Feature is ≈92.81% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $200.00 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is ≈92.80%. Last modification date: 1/27/2026