Eternal Clash Unlimited Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Big Symbols When a reel is filled from top to bottom with symbols of the same character, the symbols transform into one big symbol. Big symbols count as 4 individual symbols and carry a x2 multiplier, which is applied to all win lines that the big symbol is a part of. Sword Wild A 1x4 Sword Symbol may land on the reels. The Sword is a Wild symbol and substitutes every other symbol except Scatter symbols. It may carry an x2 Multiplier, which is applied to all win lines, that it is a part of. Showdown Spins Landing 3 or more Bonus Symbols in the same spin triggers Showdown Spins. Showdown Spins starts with 1000 Health Points and 500 Health Points are awarded for each additional Bonus Symbol above 3 up to a maximum of 2500 Health Points. During the feature, the slot changes to a 6x1 grid and the only symbols that can land on the reels are: allied characters, Swords of Power, enemy characters, or empty tiles. When both allied characters and enemies are locked on the slot, they battle against each other. Allied characters take turns attacking the enemy characters, the allied character closest to the enemy always starts. Allied characters always attack the closest enemy. When two characters battle, each of them loses Attack Power equal to the Attack Power of their opponent and when the Attack Power of a character reaches 0, they are destroyed. Enemy characters carry a Cash Prize which is awarded when they are destroyed. When there are only allied characters locked on the reels and no new enemy characters land, their Attack Power grows by 5. If all allied characters are destroyed and there are enemy characters left that haven’t attacked yet in the current round, those enemy characters will attack the health bar instead, deducting their Attack Power from the health bar. Characters During Showdown Spins, characters land on the reels with a set amount of Attack Power and lock in place. Allied characters: Gaia: 50 Attack Power, x10 Maximum Multiplier Arcanos: 100 Attack Power, x10 Maximum Multiplier Crimerra: 200 Attack Power, x10 Maximum Multiplier Enemy characters: Shadow: 25 Attack Power, 1x Cash Prize, 10x Maximum Cash Prize Gillsbane: 100 Attack Power, 5x Cash Prize, 50x Maximum Cash Prize Infernix: 250 Attack Power, 10x Cash Prize, 100x Maximum Cash Prize Blazethorn: 500 Attack Power, 100x Cash Prize, 1000x Maximum Cash Prize Corruptus: 750 Attack Power, 250x Cash Prize, 2500x Maximum Cash Prize Swords of Power During Showdown Spins, Swords of Power may land. Swords of Power carry buffs which are applied to all allied characters currently present on the reels. There are 3 different Swords of Power: First sword: +50 Attack Power. Second sword: +100 Attack Power and x2 Multiplier Third sword: +250 Attack Power and x2 Multiplier When Allied characters are buffed with multipliers, their multipliers are applied to the cash prizes of any enemies they destroy. Allied characters can be buffed several times. How to play Eternal Clash Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to: HELP, SETTINGS, AUTOPLAY and HISTORY options, where you can access helpful information for the current game. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Malfunction voids all plays and pays Last modification date: 7/15/2025