Buffalo Smash: Supercharged Cash Prizes Each sector has a Cash Prize assigned to it. When a buffalo runs on top of a Prize it activates it and if the lasso lands on a buffalo, the corresponding Cash Prize is collected. If the Cash Prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. Golden Coins When a golden buffalo runs on top of a Cash Prize it throws a coin towards the pile at the top. Each coin has a chance to trigger the Free Smash feature. When the lasso lands on top of a golden buffalo, 5 coins are thrown towards the pile. The graphical accumulation of these coins is purely for visual entertainment and does not have any influence on the triggering of the feature. Multiplier Randomly an eagle may fly over the game and add a multiplier to up to 5 random winning sectors. Possible values for multipliers are x2 or x3. All Multipliers added during a spin have the same value. Free Smash When the lasso lands on the Bonus sector and there is an active buffalo there, 10 Free Smashes are awarded. During Free Smash the Bonus sector is transformed into a Jackpot sector and lassos stay locked on the positions they are thrown until the end of the bonus. The Jackpot sector is available only in the Free Smash feature. Jackpots There are 3 jackpots in the game. Their awards are: Mini jackpot - 50x the stake Minor jackpot - 100x the stake Major jackpot - 500x the stake When there is a lasso and a buffalo present on the Jackpot sector, one of the jackpots is revealed and collected. Buffalo Run Buffalo Run feature may activate randomly during Free Smash. When this happens, buffalo’s will run on top of all Cash Prizes. This feature can also trigger the Multiplier feature. How to play Buffalo Smash: Supercharged Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Place your bet Click the Play button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to play. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.77% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $250.00 Malfunctions Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/2/2025