Super Cash Boost: Hold and Win Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except the Diamond and Boost symbols. Cash Prizes There are Cash Prizes with values of 1x, 1x, 2x, 2x, 3x, 3x, 5x, 5x, and 10x above the reels. Each Cash Prize can grow up to a maximum of double its base value. If the Cash and Jackpot prize values are too big to display, they are instead displayed as bet multipliers. The values of the Cash and Jackpot Prizes and their multipliers are saved throughout play sessions for the game at the bet settings. Cash Boosters When a Cash Booster symbol lands on the reels it can trigger one or both of the below effects: - Up to 5 Cash Prizes grow by +1x - Up to 2 Cash Prizes that don’t already have a multiplier, receive an x2 or x3 multiplier Only one kind of the Booster symbols can land on the slot in the same spin. Jackpot Prizes There are Jackpot Prizes with values of 15x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, and 1000x next to the slot. The Jackpots are: - Mini Jackpot - 15x Prize, grows +5x - Minor Jackpot - 25x Prize, grows +5x - Major Jackpot - 50x Prize, grows +10x - Super Jackpot - 100x Prize, grows +20x - Mega Jackpot - 250x Prize, grows + 50x - Grand Jackpot - 1000x Prize, grows + 200x Each Jackpot Prize can grow up to a maximum of double its base value. Jackpot Boosters When a Jackpot Booster symbol lands on the reels it can trigger one or both of the below effects: - Up to 5 Jackpot Prizes grow by their respective growth value - Up to 2 Jackpot Prizes without a multiplier receive an x2 or x3 multiplier Starting Boosters When the game is launched for the first time the values of some of the Cash and Jackpot Prizes are boosted as follows: - 1x Cash Prize is boosted to 2x - 2x Cash Prize is boosted to 4x with an x2 multiplier - 3x Cash Prize is boosted to 6x - 5x Cash Prize is boosted to 7x with an x3 multiplier - The Mini Jackpot Prize is boosted to 15x with an x2 multiplier - The Minor Jackpot Prize is boosted to 50x - The Super Jackpot Prize is boosted to 160x - The Grand Jackpot Prize is boosted to 1600x with an x3 multiplier Hold & Win Each Diamond symbol that lands on the reels fills up the container above the slot and has a chance to trigger the Hold & Win feature, instantly adding Diamond symbols to the reels until there is a minimum of 5 present. The filling of the container above the slot is purely for visual entertainment and does not have any influence on the triggering of the feature. The feature is also triggered if 5 or more Diamond symbols land in the same spin. The Hold & Win feature starts with 3 free spins. Each time a Diamond symbol lands on the reels, the free spins are reset to 3. During the Hold & Win feature only Diamond symbols and empty symbols can land on the reels. During the Hold & Win feature, all symbols that land on the reels are locked and remain until the end of the feature. When there are no free spins left, each Blue Diamond symbol receives a Cash Prize and each Gold Diamond symbol receives a Jackpot Prize. If 15 symbols are locked on the reels, the Grand Jackpot Prize is awarded and the feature is terminated. Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost. How to play Super Cash Boost: Hold & Win Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million rounds, is ≈92.73% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $90.00 Double Chance Rules Enabling Double Chance doubles the chance of winning the in-game feature, this increases the total stake on each spin, the amount that the total bet is increased by is always displayed in the Double Chance window. Any progress saved throughout play sessions is saved at the same Double Chance settings. Theoretical RTP when the Double Chance is enabled is ≈92.87% Last modification date: 12/9/2025