Lucky Seven Spin Win Lines All symbols pay from left to right on the defined paylines. Burning Wild The Burning Wild symbol is a Wild symbol that substitutes all other symbols except Lucky Seven symbols. Burning Wild symbols cannot land on the reels during Lucky Respins. Lucky Sevens Whenever Lucky Seven symbols are present on the reels at the end of a spin, a Cash Prize is awarded. The Value of the Cash Prize is dependent on the amount of Lucky Seven symbols: 1 Symbol - 1x 2 Symbols - 3x 3 Symbols - 7x 4 Symbols - 17x (Mini Jackpot) 5 Symbols - 27x (Minor Jackpot) 6 Symbols - 77x (Major Jackpot) 7 Symbols - 777x (Grand Jackpot) Only 1 Lucky Seven symbol can be present on each reel at the same time, except for the middle reel, which can have up to 3 symbols. Lucky Nudge Every time a Lucky Seven lands on the middle reel in the initial spin, there is a chance for the reel to shift and fill up with Lucky Seven symbols. Lucky Respin Every time a Lucky Seven symbol lands on the reels it has a chance to cause the reels, where a Lucky Seven can still land, to respin. While the reels are re-spinning, random positions on the slot are filled with Lucky Seven symbols until there are at least 4 on the slot. The graphical collection of the Lucky Seven symbols and the growth of the flame is for visual entertainment only and does not have any influence on the triggering of the feature. How to play Lucky Seven Spin Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to the available game information and settings. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. Autoplay Press the button to open up Autoplay window at the currently selected stake. You can select the amount of rounds to play and also see additional Autoplay settings. The selected bet value remains during the whole Autoplay session, unless changed by the player. More Autoplay settings Here you can select additional criteria for AutoPlay, including: Stop on win multiplier: Stop if single win exceeds a certain multiplier Total amount at risk: The Autoplay will stop on the spin before the loss limit is reached Stop on Bonus Feature General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. Unsuccessful bets will immediately be scheduled for automatic refund. Games that remain unfinished for more than 90 days are settled according to the operator's terms and conditions. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $500.00 Last modification date: 8/28/2025