Shaolin Panda Chaos Reels Unlimited Chaos Reels Chaos Reels win combinations are formed by having the same symbols on consecutive reels from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. There can be between 3 and 6 Chaos Reels on the slot and each reel can have between 3 and 6 symbols. Shaolin Panda The Shaolin Panda is a 1x3 Wild symbol, which substitutes every other symbol except Scatter Symbols. Each time a Shaolin Panda lands on the Reels in the base-game, one of the 3 Panda Features is triggered. The Shaolin Panda cannot land on the first reel. Panda Punch Panda Punch is the first Panda feature. Every time it is triggered, the Shaolin Panda adds mystery symbols to the reels. Mystery symbols can reveal any paying symbol except the Dumpling. All Mystery symbols in the same spin always reveal the same symbol. Panda Wild Panda Wild is the second Panda feature. Every time it is triggered, the spirit of the Shaolin Panda starts to jump on the reels. Each symbol it lands on is transformed into a Wild symbol, which substitutes every other symbol except Scatter symbols. The spirit of the Shaolin Panda cannot land on the first reel. Panda Multiplier Panda Multiplier is the third Panda feature. Every time it is triggered, the spirit of the Shaolin Panda picks a reel and leaves a multiplier with a value of x5 on each symbol on that reel. The multipliers are applied to any winning combinations that they’re part of. Free Spins Landing three Scatter symbols in the same spin triggers 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, Dumpling symbols are collected by the Shaolin Panda and counts towards the Panda Feature progress meter. The progress meter is positioned above the reels and keeps its progress until the end of the feature. 10 Dumplings are required to level up. Reaching a new level unlocks a guaranteed Panda Feature and also awards additional Free Spins accordingly: Level 1: +5 Free Spins. Guaranteed features: Panda Punch Level 2: +3 Free Spins. Guaranteed features: Panda Punch, Panda Wild Level 3: +2 Free Spins. Guaranteed features: Panda Punch, Panda Wild, Panda Multiplier Guaranteed features are activated on each spin after the reels has landed. Dumpling Chaos On each Free Spin, there is a chance for reels to be replaced with ones that contain a higher amount of Golden Dumpling symbols. How to play Shaolin Panda Chaos Reels Game Stake Choose your game stake by pressing the stake button. Winnings are calculated from the multipliers of awarded symbols and selected base game stake. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button (or press the spacebar if playing on desktop) to spin. Speed up the spin by pressing spin (or spacebar) again. Buy Feature Pressing the BUY FEATURE opens up a window of all available features for purchase. The total cost for purchasing a feature is displayed and is based on the regular stake. The regular stake can be increased or decreased to change the total feature buy cost. Fast play Fast Play increases the game speed. It can be activated and deactivated in the checkbox on the Fast Play window, or in the settings menu. Fullscreen Fullscreen button maximizes app to fill the entire screen, tap again to exit. Menu The button: provides access to: HELP, SETTINGS, AUTOPLAY and HISTORY options, where you can access helpful information for the current game. Sound Sound button switch the sound on or off. General When the game offers various payout options (e.g., paylines, ways-to-win, or other), the total winnings from all applicable methods are summed on each round. Only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of gameplay interruption you will be notified for any payouts or refunds with a notification message upon game launch unless such are blocked by the casino. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical RTP, based on 100 million spins, is ≈92.74% The theoretical RTP when purchasing Free Spins using Buy Feature is ≈92.86% Max win achieved: 31895.2x Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $14.00 Game server version: 1.0.0 Last modification date: 6/17/2025