Loki Wild-Tiles About slot games This is a game of chance, with fixed odds, where the player can bet a certain amount of money or credits to try to get combinations of symbols that grant payments. The game presents a number of columns, each with a set of symbols that, on each play, stop at a random position, defining which symbols are visible on the screen. Each game has different symbols, both in quantity and appearance, according to its theme and design. Basic info Usually placed in the upper or lower side of the game, the player can find the session info, which can include: -Balance/Credit: The money or credits the player has in his casino account, available to wager. -Bet/Total bet: The value set as the current bet. -Paid: The value earned on the current play. Payouts 3, 4 or 5 matching adjacent symbols horizontally or vertically award a win. During base game, winning symbols are removed, after which any symbols higher up fall down and new matches may occur. Mixed singles and doubles of a symbol form a match of lower rank. Player can win the multiplied award each time the symbols fall in a single play. The number of each symbol required, its payout and the patterns available in this game are explained in the Help/Paytable of the game itself. Bet settings Games allow player to choose the amount of coins, credits or money to wager. The player can modify the bet using the controls in the bet section (BET/BET PER LINE/TOTAL BET). The bet level also defines the payouts level, according to the paytable. Playing the game After the bet amount has been set, the player has to begin the tile-drop animation by clicking or tapping the SPIN/START button, usually located at the center or right side of the screen. Clicking or tapping this button will start the tile drop animation, and generate a debit in the player’s balance. Once the tile drop completes, the prizes - if any - will be added to the balance. All wins are displayed on screen through the PAID label. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of plays. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set plays expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Other controls The player is generally able to toggle on/off sound, speed, quality of graphics and other settings, using the controls available on the interface of the game. There is also a LOBBY/HOME/CLOSE button that allows player to quit the game and go back to the Casino’s lobby where you can find the game catalog. Special symbols In addition to regular symbols, the game may have one or more of the following special symbols: -Wild: If the win is for 3 symbols, the middle symbol is replaced with a wild. If the wild allows for another 3-symbol win, the symbols are replaced to form a wild and so on. Wild substitutes for all game symbols. No wild is present when game round begins. -Bonus: Bonus column appears in the background only in base game. If a column containing bonus in the background is cleared, the bonus round is triggered. The number of “bonus” columns that are cleared in the base game determine the multiplier value for the bonus round. In order to see the special symbols available in this game, please refer to the Help/Paytable of the game itself. Bonus rounds -Free Spins Bonus: A number of free plays are awarded. The player can play without wagering but any winning combination is paid. Special features and bonuses available in this game and its rules are displayed on the Help/Paytable of the game itself. Help/Paytable The player can find this section in the game as "?", "info", "help", "paytable" or under similar names. It contains all the specific rules for this game, including definitions of symbols with its paytables, paylines, bonuses and special features descriptions. Legal info related to the game is displayed here as well. Return to player (RTP) The theoretical return to player value for this game is informed in the Help/Paytable of the game itself. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 10/17/2023