Lucky Potion GAME DESCRIPTION Free Spins Symbol appears on reel 1, 3 and 5 only, or when a special symbol reveal Free Spins, the Free Spins Feature is triggered. This game has 5 reels, 4 rows with 50 fixed lines. FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 Free Spins appears on the reels during Base Game. It awards 10 Free Spins. MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND Bonuses can be collected during Free Spins Feature. During Free Spins, special symbols fill the progress bar corresponding to their Bonus color. Collecting 3 or more special symbols of the same color awards a Bonus. Each additional special symbol of the same color adds another Bonus. All MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND collected during Free Spins Feature will be awarded in the end of Free Spins Feature. During Free Spins Feature,10 additional Free Spins are awarded when 3 Free Spins appear or Special Free Spins revealed from special symbols. All lines and bet are the same as the game that triggered the Feature. GAME RULES The game requires a minimum of 50 credits multiplied by coin value to play. Denomination = 0.01. This game is intended for all play lines. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except Free Spins and Magic Potion feature wins. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. All wins on win lines only except Free Spins and Magic Potion feature wins. Wins on different lines are added. Line wins are multiplied by coin value. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Autoplay Stop button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g.: Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. "Back to game":- Notifying player to resume the game. "To Lobby":- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operator's Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Last modification date: 6/12/2025