Capsule Treasure Mammoth Stampede Cascade Feature Cascade Feature will be triggered when there are winning combinations on the reels. All of such winning combinations are removed from the reel and new symbols are added from the top to fill up the empty spaces after the completion of the feature. If additional winning combination is created afterward, this flow will be repeated. Scatter will be dropped to the bottom row of the reels by Cascade Feature. may have numbers up to x10 displayed on it. If one or more lands on the bottom-most row of the reels, Capsule Treasure Meter will be incremented by the added total value of the numbers displayed on such . A will be removed once the Capsule Treasure Meter is incremented. New will be added to the top of the reels where are removed. Once all the winning combinations are removed, Capsule Treasure will be triggered. Volcano A and the symbols except the that are in the area of 3 x 3 around the will be removed. No wins are associated with symbols that are removed from the reels via . Stampede Feature Stampede Feature may occur after a lands on the reel. Stampede Feature removes symbols and awards all the wins. Only will be removed from the reels. No wins are associated with symbols that are removed from the reels via Stampede Feature. Only will be added from the top to fill up the empty spaces after the completion of the feature. Capsule Treasure If Capsule Treasure Meter shows a number of 1 or greater, Capsule Treasure will be triggered after all the wins are awarded. There are 4 different types of Capsule Toys: Prizes between x3 to x9 the Total Bet will be won. Prizes between x10 to x45 the Total Bet will be won. Prizes between x50 to x300 the Total Bet will be won. Current Rank will increase by 1. Rank could go up to 3 at maximum. The result of the dispensed Capsule Toy depends on which Rank that player is currently at. RANK 1: One of will be won. RANK 2: One of will be won. RANK 3: One of will be won. The feature starts with the Rank 1. Capsule Treasure Meter will be incremented by 1 if is dispensed. Rules The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.03%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest symbol win is paid per game played. Coinciding symbol wins are added. Symbol wins are paid as shown. The maximum total win for each game round is capped at 5000 multiplied by the bet level. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: 1. Choose your total bet. The player is responsible to confirm credits registered before the game starts. 2. Press the SPIN button. 3. Check for any wins in the WIN field. Description of Game Functionality Bet The total bet is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the BET icon and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing . Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed on the screen. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Help All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the help screen, which can be reached through . Autoplay Press and choose a number of game rounds and total session loss limit to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay can be stopped by pressing . Autoplay will automatically stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded or Capsule Treasure is triggered. Lobby allows you to quit the game and go back to the Casino's lobby where you can find the game catalog. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Press to turn off the sound and press to turn on the sound. Screen Size This setting allows you to change the screen size. Press to maximize the screen and press to minimize the screen. Last modification date: 1/24/2023