Gems Wild Tiles GAME RULES When the game starts, the 25 tiles will be randomly shuffled and fall into the game area. All winning symbol combinations will flash in order, and their description will be added to the pay area. A winning symbol combination is any 3, 4, or 5 like symbols (including symbols) that occur adjacent to each other vertically in a single column or horizontally in a single row. See the paytable for further details on paying combinations. When a 3 symbol winning combination occurs, the center symbol will be marked with a small W in the upper left corner. When all winning combinations have been shown, all tiles that are a part of a winning combination will be removed from the game area. Any tile area that has a small W in it will be replaced by a symbol. After all appropriate symbols appear, tiles will fall in the game area to fill empty spaces that were created by tiles that have been removed. The game area is checked again for possible winning combinations that may have been created when the game area was re-arranged. The process of dropping tiles, awarding winning combinations, and removing tiles will continually cycle until the game area has an arrangement of tiles that does not have any winning combinations. will substitute for any awarding symbol. Only the highest win combination for each single, double and mixed symbol is awarded in each row or column. When the board is re-arranged by dropping tiles and a new stage of awarding winning symbol combinations is about to begin, the Stage Multiplier is increased by one. All winning pays on a particular stage are multiplied by the current Stage Multiplier. For example, at the beginning of the game, when all 25 tiles are dropped, all pays are paid at 1x. If this stage has a winning combination, tiles are removed, and the remaining tiles re-arrange to form a new game area for a second stage. Any pays on this new stage now are paid at 2x. BONUS GAME The Bonus Game is an 8-stage gem-collecting game. Each stage presents a 7x5 matrix of hidden gems that are placed at random in the grid. Each stage requires a minimum number of gems to be revealed to continue to the next stage. Players select a spot to reveal a gem, and reveal all instances of the selected gem. If the total revealed gems meet the stage's minimum requirement, the player advances to the next stage. Each revealed gem awards credits, but failure to meet a stage's minimum goal ends the bonus game. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT GAME The jackpot game is triggered randomly during base game and awards a progressive jackpot. There are 4 levels of progressive jackpot awards - DIAMOND, EMERALD, SAPPHIRE, RUBY. During the jackpot game, 12 items are displayed and player is asked to continue picking them until one of the jackpot is won. Each pick reveals an item associated with one of the jackpots. When 3 of the same item are revealed, unpicked items are not revealed, player wins the associated jackpot. Item will be auto-picked after the clock time out. More than one jackpot can be triggered on a single spin. Each level of jackpot is funded through a fixed percentage of total bet which is 0.095% for DIAMOND Jackpot, 0.244% for EMERALD Jackpot, 0.375% for SAPPHIRE Jackpot and 0.361% for RUBY Jackpot. PAYLINES METERS AND BUTTONS BET: Shows the value of bet of the current settings. WIN: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. BALANCE: Displays the balance amount of the player. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS: Screen pop-up on accessing Autoplay buttons. Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. REALITY CHECK: The Reality check feature may display periodic in-game notifications for the players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and resumes once the player has taken displayed actions. OK: Notifying player to resume the game. RTP: 91.49% is the theoretical percentage of return to player. MALFUNCTION: MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. All open game rounds(pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. Last modification date: 6/5/2025