Wild Tastic Beasts GAME RULES The game requires a minimum of 100 credits multiplied by coin value to play. This game is intended for all lines play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins on different lines are added. All wins are multiplied by coin value. Scatter does not have any payout. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Autoplay Stop button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. LOBBY BAR Home:- Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins (wherever applicable): Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. "Back to game":- Notifying player to resume the game. "To Lobby":- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operator's Main Game Menu Screen. RTP: 94.78% Last modification date: 1/6/2026