Thunder Power GAME DESCRIPTION The game "Thunder Power" is based on a Greek mythology themed game. The base game is a cascade game. Each cascade fills a progress bar meter for that spin. 4 or more cascades will win the Lightening Bonus Feature. The more cascades won the larger the available jackpot prizes that can be won during the feature. During the Lightening Bonus there are 4-reel windows. Collecting a special icon in a live window will open a new live window. The Thunder Lottery Free Spins is won with 6 or more . This game has 5 reels, 3 rows and 50 fixed lines. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. CASCADE FEATURE All winning symbols on a spin will be removed and new symbols will cascade down, this process continues after each cascade. During the cascade feature, if there is no win then progress bar will reset. Each cascade fills the progress bar by one point. Progress bar can only be won during the base game. Progress bar resets after each spin. LIGHTNING BONUS 4 or more cascades will trigger the "LIGHTNING BONUS" feature. 4 cascades trigger MINI. 5 cascades triggers MINOR. 6 or more cascades triggers MAJOR. 3 Re-spins are awarded on 4-reel sets. During the Lightning Bonus, collect the symbols on the active reels to unlock the next set of reels. Get one or more on active reels to reset Re-spins to 3. PRIZE AMOUNT: Equal in coin denomination to the total bet multiplied by either 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300 or 500 randomly as displayed. A GRAND JACKPOT prize of 100 x total bet is won if all positions are filled with a prize. There are 4-reel sets, each filled reel set wins a GRAND. JACKPOT This game has 4 fixed jackpots, GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR AND MINI. A GRAND JACKPOT is won when all positions are filled in the "Lightning Bonus" feature. Fill all the cells in one reel set with symbols during the Lightning Bonus to win the GRAND JACKPOT. There are 4-reel sets, each filled reel set wins a GRAND. MAJOR, MINOR and MINI can be won during "Lightning Bonus" feature. Jackpot fixed prize: GRAND 100 MAJOR 30 MINOR 20 MINI 10 Jackpot wins will be multiplied by the Total Bet (Currency unit varies according to jurisdictions). Malfunction of the internet connection may cause delay in the notification of messages or the jackpot updates however it does not affect the jackpot outcomes. THUNDER LOTTERY FREE SPINS 6 or more trigger the "Thunder Lottery Free Spins" feature. Launch the lottery, which will award multiplier for each spin. Number of landed is equal to number of awarded Free Spins. Any that lands on the reels during the Free Spins is added to the Lottery and award additional multiplier and a Free Spin. Ball multipliers may be x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, or x10. Thunder Lottery Free Spins is complete when there are no . Thunder Lottery Free Spins are played at the lines and bet of the spin that won the lottery Free Spins. Thunder Lottery Free Spins can be won again during Lottery Free Spins. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. UI BUTTONS Title Action Spin Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop Stops the reel spin immediately (wherever applicable). Autoplay Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins consecutively (wherever applicable). Autoplay Stop Press to stop Autoplay session manually (wherever applicable). Bet Displays the bet options for the player to select the level of their bet. Settings Displays a settings screen with the following options to choose: Paytable and Bet Settings. Audio Choose to enable/disable the sound. Turbo Spin Turn off/on to change the speed of the Spin to a normal/faster spin (wherever applicable). SETTING BUTTONS Title Action Paytable Choose to view the paytable and feature descriptions for the game. Setting Close Closes the window. Bet Settings Displays the coin value and Max Bet available for the player to select and change the level of their bet. Max Bet Displays the maximum bet. [IMPORTANT]: AUTOPLAY AND TURBO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE GAME YOU ARE PLAYING. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Autoplay Stop button. Win/Total Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins (wherever applicable): Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer's net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g.: Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. "Back to game":- Notifying player to resume the game. "To Lobby":- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operator's Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Last modification date: 5/21/2025