Double Honey Money About slot games This is a game of chance, with fixed odds, where the player can bet a certain amount of money or credits to try to get combinations of symbols that grant payments. The game presents a number of reels or columns, each with a set of symbols that, on each play, stop at a random position, defining which symbols are visible on the screen. Each game has different symbols, both in quantity and appearance, according to its theme and design. Game Information Game winning ways: This game has a fixed number of 5 pay lines, you cannot change the number of your active paylines. When identical matching symbols appear consecutively on an active payline from leftmost to right, you win. Basic info Usually placed in the upper or lower side of the game, the player can find the session info, which can include: Balance/Credit: The money or credits the player has in his casino account, available to wager. Bet/Total bet: The value set as the current bet. WIN: The value earned on the current play. Max Bet: Displays the Maximum bet. Payouts A specified number of like symbols appearing in a selected payline results in a payout. The number of each symbol required, its payout and the paylines patterns available in this game are explained in the Help/Paytable of the game itself. Bet settings Games allow player to choose the amount of coins, credits or money to wager. The player can modify the bet using the controls in the bet section (BET/BET PER LINE/TOTAL BET). In any case, the total wagered per spin is obtained by multiplying the number of coins selected (1 by default) by the coin value or line bet by the number of paylines selected. The bet level also defines the payouts level, according to the paytable. Playing the game After the paylines and the bet amount have been set, the player has to put the reels in motion clicking or tapping the SPIN/START button, usually located at the center or right side of the screen. Clicking or tapping this button will start the reel spinning animation, and generate a debit in the player’s balance. Once the reels stop, the prizes - if any - will be added to the balance. All wins are displayed on screen through the WIN label. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Special symbols In addition to regular symbols, the game may have one or more of the following special symbols: -Wild: It can substitute most other symbols in order to complete a winning combination. -Pot Scatter: This symbol need not necessarily appear in defined paylines. The specified number of pot scatter symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. In order to see the special symbols available in this game, please refer to the Help/Paytable of the game itself. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of lines 5 lines Number of Reels and Rows 3 rows 3 columns Game Features Cash Combs Feature Other controls The player is generally able to toggle on/off sound, speed, quality of graphics and other settings, using the controls available on the interface of the game. There is also a LOBBY/HOME/CLOSE button that allows player to quit the game and go back to the Casino’s lobby where you can find the game catalog. Help/Paytable The player can find this section in the game as '?', 'info', 'help', 'paytable' or under similar names. It contains all the specific rules for this game, including definitions of symbols with its paytables, paylines, bonuses and special features descriptions. Legal info related to the game is displayed here as well. Terms & Conditions If a disconnection from the game or a temporary malfunction of the game occurs, when the player logs back into the game, the player's balance returns to its last full amount before the interruption occurred. In the event of a dispute, or if the balance has not readjusted to its last amount after 3 days, the issue will be resolved through communication with the operator's technical support team. In the event of a permanent game malfunction, players’ currently active game bets and payouts are rendered void and all bets in progress are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 95% Last modification date: 3/17/2026