Ave Caesar Dynamic Ways Overview Ave Caesar Dynamic Ways™ is a 5-reel, 5-row, ways-paying videoslot. There is a wild, 9 paying, and 4 Bonus symbols. The Wild substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbols. Wins occur when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from the leftmost to right regardless of the size of each reel. Dynamic Ways™ The reel heights change dynamically with each spin to reveal between 3 and 5 symbols, and creating between 243 and 3,125 paying ways. Hannibal's Heroes Triggered randomly on a paid spin. The famous military commander leads his elephants across the screen, adding wild symbols to the reels. Pays are calculated after the feature completes. The Gaul Triggered randomly on a paid spin. The cheeky Gaul appears on screen and has rocks thrown at him which add mystery symbols and sometimes also a multiplier to the reels. The mystery symbols will all explode to reveal identical paying symbols. Pays are calculated after the feature completes. Centurion Maximus Triggered randomly on a paid spin. Centurion Maximus calls his troops to march on screen to add one or more supersized symbols to the reels. Pays are calculated after the feature completes. Ave Caesar Triggered randomly on a paid spin. A randomiser wheel spins to select a mystery win which can be either a Big Win, a 5 Of A Kind win, or the Glory of Rome free spins. Glory of Rome Free Spins Triggered if two Bonus symbols land with the Glory of Rome free Spins symbol on a paid spin. Can also be triggered by the Ave Caesar random feature. Played with 10 free spins. Randomly, wilds may land as sticky wilds. Sticky wilds display 1-3 stars to indicate how subsequent more spins they will remain on the panel, one star being removed after each. An additional free spin is awarded when the Extra Free Spins symbol lands on reel 5. Druid Free Spins Triggered if two Bonus symbols land with the Druid free Spins symbol on a paid spin. One of the following 4 variations is selected randomly: Multiplying Wilds Played with 10 initial spins. Wilds are all X2. Royals To Wilds Played with 7 initial spins. All instances of II and I symbols become wild. Marching Wild Played with 10 initial spins. Caesar is a full-height walking wild and stays on screen for the duration of the free spins. Wilds into Sticky Wilds Played with 7 initial spins. Special versions of the Wild symbol will act as sticky wilds after landing on the panel. Additionally, a potion symbol can appear on the 5th reel, and will: Multiply wins in the current spin. Add extra free spins (max 3). Award instant wins. Add regular wilds to the panel. Bonus Raid™ Bonus Raid™ is a game mode where you can get straight into a feature, without needing to wait. It's easy, choose your feature, set your bet level and play Bonus Raid™. How it works: Choose your bet Choose your game mode from: Glory of Rome Free Spins @ 60x your bet Druid Free Spins @ 120x your bet ClusterSpin™ Clusterspin® is a game mode where you can choose to bet on the outcome of a group of {Clusterspins®} . You can either bet you're going to win, or bet you're going to lose. Depending on the outcome of the game, you can then win an ante bet prize on top of your main game wins. How it works: Choose your number of Clusterspin® from 5, 10, 15 or 20 Choose your ante bet Choose if you think you are going to win or lose more during the game Click start and play out the game Total bet is calculated as (Bet per Spin x number of Clusterspin®) + ante bet. Pays will depend on the combination of Clusterspin®, bet level and bet mode chosen, and will be displayed on the panel before you start your game. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Game Rules and Information The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Minimum Bet $0.20 Maximum Bet $50.00 Wins are paid according to the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays All pays are from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The Bonus symbol can only land on reels 1 and 3. The Glory of Rome free Spins symbol, Druid free Spins symbol, and Extra Free Spins symbols can only land on reel 5. WILD does not appear on reel 1 Only highest win paid per winning combination. Multiple wins are added together. All Pays in the paytable reflect the current bet level Freespins are paid according to the bet amount set prior to entering Freespins. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent The odds of the wheel are not equal. ClusterSpin™ Return to Player: Number of Spins Win Lose 5 94.25% 94.12% 10 94.33% 94.38% 15 94.54% 94.57% 20 94.59% 94.58% Bonus Raid™ Return to Player: Glory of Rome Free Spins: 94.65% Druid Free Spins: 94.73% Ave Caesar Dynamic Ways™ Last modification date: 6/19/2025