Cave of 100 Secrets Game Rules The game requires a minimum of 80 credits multiplied by coin value to play. This game is intended for all lines play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except Free SPINS. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. All wins on win lines only except Free SPINS. Wins on different lines are added. All wins are multiplied by coin value. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. How To Play Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. Meters and Buttons Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Stop Autoplay button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. Net Position Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer's net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g.: Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. Reality Check Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. RTP - 95% Malfunction In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Last modification date: 11/18/2025