The Secret of Ali Baba Smash Pots The Secret of Ali Baba Smash Pots Overview The Secret of Ali Baba Smash Pots™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, ways-paying videoslot with the following features. Dynamic Ways Smash Pots™ Jazmin Expanded Wilds Ali's Monkey Modifier Gold or Bandit Bonus Open Sesame Free Spins Bonus Raid™ There are 8 paying symbols, a Scatter, a Bonus and a Wild. The Wild substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter and Bonus. Wins occur when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from the leftmost to right regardless of the size of each reel. Dynamic Ways The reel heights change dynamically with each paid spin to reveal between 3 and 5 symbols, creating between 243 and 3,125 paying ways. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT Land all five S-M-A-S-H jackpot symbols in reels 1 to 5 to trigger one of the progressive jackpots at its current value. The 3 progressive jackpots available in this game can be won by any player on a paid spin and are randomly triggered. Each pot starts at a fixed amount, namely the seed. The seed values are 5,000.00 - 5,000.00, 150.00 - 150.00, 50.00 - 50.00, for the Gold, Silver and Bronze pots respectively. Each bet placed in this game and any participating game that is linked to this jackpot contributes proportionally to the prize pots. The odds of winning the jackpot are proportional to the total bet amount; the bigger the bet, the better the chances to win. Overall game RTP is announced in the game help and the percentage of RTP related to the jackpot is noted separately. Any game interruption will not affect the jackpot contribution or awarding process. The player will be notified in case of winning the jackpot or in case of another player winning. The colour of the 'H' symbol in the 5th reel can be Bronze, Silver or Gold and determines which jackpot has been awarded. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Casino Operator at their own discretion. Each bet placed in this game and any participating game that is linked to this jackpot contributes proportionally to the prize pots. (Note: Does not apply to Bonus Rush) Jazmin Expanded Wilds If one or more Jazmin Wild symbols take part in a win, they will expand to the full-height Jazmin Expanded Wild. Ali's Monkey Modifier Randomly on any spin, the Monkey can jump into the screen and open all the blinds to create 3,125 potential winning ways. Gold or Bandit Bonus If 3 Bonus symbols land in reels 2, 3 & 4, the Gold or Bandit bonus is triggered. The player has 12 vases to pick from and has 6 picks. Between 1 and 3 Ali Protections will be awarded. Each vase can contain gold which award a cash prize, a monkey character, or Free Spins with a multiplier. The monkey character will call the bandit who will steal one unclaimed vase containing gold. If Ali Protections remain, Ali will fight off the Bandit and reward the player with the gold pot that the Bandit tried to steal. If there are no Ali Protections left, the award in the stolen vase is lost. The gold vase that contains Free Spins awards between 5 to 10 Free Spins with a multiplier of between 1 to 4. Free Spins are played immediately after the Gold or Bandit bonus ends. Open Sesame Free Spins If 3 Scatter symbols land in reels 1, 3 & 5, the free spins feature is triggered. The player selects a volatility option, and then a wheel is displayed that selects the number of free spins and the multiplier that will be awarded. If no selection is made after 1 minute the free spin is randomly auto-selected. HIGHER RISK AND REWARD Free Spins: 6-20 MULTIPLIER: x1-x50 MEDIUM RISK AND REWARD Free Spins: 6-18 MULTIPLIER: x2-x10 LOWER RISK AND REWARD Free Spins: 8-16 MULTIPLIER: x3-x6 Free Spins is played with an expanded 5-reel, 7-row panel and between 3,125 and 16,807 potential winning way. The Jazmin Expanded Wild symbol will be moving randomly from reel to another on each free spin. Regular Wild symbols will not be present on the reels. Free spins does not retrigger. Bonus Raid™ Bonus Raid™ is a game mode where you can get straight into a feature, without needing to wait. It's easy, choose your feature, set your bet level and play Bonus Raid™. How it works: Choose your bet Choose your game mode from: Gold or Bandit Bonus (@ 40x your bet) Open Sesame Free Spins (@ 65x your bet) played on 5-rows which can expand to 7-rows, and 3 risk or reward options: Lower - between 8-16 free spins and a win multiplier between 3x and 6x) Medium - between 6-18 free spins and a win multiplier between 2x and 10x) Higher - between 6-20 free spins and a win multiplier between 1x and 50x) Super Open Sesame Free Spins (@ 200x your bet) played on 5-rows which can expand to 7-rows: Between 8-20 free spins. Win multiplier (between 6x and 50x). Wild always expands to 7-rows. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Game Rules and Information The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Minimum Bet 0.20 Maximum Bet 20.00 Wins are paid according to the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays All pays are from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. WILD does not appear on reel 1 The Wild substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter and Bonus. WILD does not substitute for Smash Pots™ symbols Only highest win paid per winning combination. Multiple wins are added together. All Pays in the paytable reflect the current bet level Freespins are paid according to the bet amount set prior to entering Freespins. The odds of the wheel are not equal. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent Jackpot contribution split: 0.75% (Gold), 1.05% (Silver), 1.00% (Bronze) Bonus Raid Gold or Bandit Bonus Open Sesame Free Spins Super Open Sesame Free Spins The Secret of Ali Baba Smash Pots RTP - 94.58% Last modification date: 12/23/2025