Mighty Medusa The player currency is USD displayed as $ . The player is playing with real money. Coin can be selected as 0.01, 0.02, 0.03, 0.04, 0.05, 0.06, 0.08, 0.1, 0.15, 0.2, 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5 ($) Ways are fixed at 466 with total bet in coins fixed at 30 . Bet level is fixed at 1 . Total bet in coins is 30 multiplied by the bet level. Total bet in player currency is the total bet in coins multiplied by the coin denomination. Minimum total bet in player currency is $0.30 . Maximum total bet in player currency is $150.00 . All combinations and payouts are made according to the Pay Table . The payout values in the Pay Table are displayed in the player currency as the win value based on the selected bet. All other game rules are displayed in the Pay Table . MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS. Game Interface BALANCE The current balance in player currency. COINS The balance divided by the selected coin denomination. BET The total bet in coins. BET (message bar) The total bet in player currency. WIN (message bar) The total win in player currency including feature wins of the active game. COIN Increment/decrement the coin denomination (if active). BET LEVEL Increment/decrement the bet level (if active). View the Pay Table. Starts a new game at the set coin denomination, bet level and selected lines or ways. During play this button can be used as a skip button (if active). Stops the reels (if active). BET MAX Sets the lines and bet level to the respective maximum values, if not already set. Starts a new game at the set coin denomination and at the maximum lines with bet level set to maximum. AUTO PLAY (if applicable) Displays the Auto Play options. Can be used to stop Auto Play when active. Enables or disables full screen (if visible). Available during game play. Enables or disables sound. Available during game play. Enables or disables faster game play. Available during game play. Displays the Game Menu. Available during game play. Pay Table Interface Scrolls to the previous Pay Table page. Scrolls to the next Pay Table page. Returns to the game. Auto Play Number of spins Selects the number of spins to be played. If balance decreases by Stops Auto Play if your balance decreases by the amount you specify. If a single win exceeds Stops Auto Play if a single win exceeds the amount you specify. Game Menu How to Play View additional game help (this screen). Game Settings Quick Spin Enables or disables faster game play. Volume Adjusts the master sound volume. Disconnection Policy Communication problems over the internet may cause disconnections. The software is designed to protect the player from unjustifiable loss, while eliminating the possibility of intentional disconnection and system abuse. Refer to each section below for specific disconnection policies. "Mighty Medusa" Disconnection Policy Should disconnection occur before starting a new game, no funds will be removed from the player's account. Should disconnection occur after the bet was placed and the Spin button pressed: If no further action is required to complete the game, result will be determined by the server. The game will not display the result. The result can be viewed in the player's detailed game history once the result has been determined. The Gamble option (if enabled) will not be available for this game. If you are required to take further action to complete the game, the game will not display the result until you re-open the game. The game will resume at the last point as determined by the server. Last modification date: 11/11/2025