Wild Esqueleto Lightning Chase Wild Esqueleto Lightning Chase™ Welcome to Wild Esqueleto Lightning Chase™ - a 3x5 reel, 20 line slot game with Free Spins, Hold & Respin Feature, and ante bet options. Rules Wild This symbol Is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except COLLECT, COIN and SCATTER. Scatter 3 Scatters Trigger Free Spin Choice Feature. This symbol is COLLECT. All COIN prizes are immediately awarded when COLLECT appears. This symbol is COIN. Prizes can be between 1x to 888x the total bet (excluding side strike bet). GAME RULES Play 20 lines for 20 credits (BOOM+ and WILD+ are deactivated). Payouts are made according to the paytable. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Highest win paid on each line only. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except SCATTER which pays any. Scatter appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild substitutes for all symbols except COLLECT, COIN and SCATTER. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BOOM+ Bet 25 credits in total to unlock Wild Multiplier and Contagious Wild features. If a Wild appears it triggers the Expanding Wild, Wild multiplier or Contagious Wild feature as shown on the Wild Feature indicator. WILD+ Bet 25 credits to unlock extra wilds on reels 2, 3 and 4. Bet 40 credits for both BOOM+ and WILD+ features to be activated. Expanding Wild During an Expanding Wild feature spin, when a wild appears it covers all positions of that reel. Wild Multiplier During a Wild Multiplier Feature Spin, one or more Wild in a win multiplies the win by 2 to 10 times as shown on the Wild Feature indicator. Contagious Wild During a Contagious Wild Feature Spin, any DIAMOND, CLUB, HEART, or SPADE that touches the Wild that is spun in also becomes Wild. FREE SPIN CHOICE FEATURE 3 Scatters trigger Free Spin Choice Feature. Choose between the following features: 13 expanding wild free spins 13 wild multiplier free spins (only available when BOOM+ is activated) 10 contagious wild free spins (only available when BOOM+ is activated) Free Spins can be retriggered, awarding the same Free Spins Choice as was chosen upon initial trigger. Free Spins are played at the same lines and bet as the spin that triggered the Free Spins. HOLD & RESPIN FEATURE 3 Free Respins are triggered when 6 or more COIN appear. All COIN are held and other positions spun. Respins reset to 3 if another COIN or COLLECT appears. COIN prizes can be 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 20x, 25x or 888x the total bet(excluding side strike bet). During HOLD & RESPIN, COLLECT appears on one reel only. All prizes are immediately awarded and not held if COLLECT appears during HOLD & RESPIN. COLLECT FEATURE COLLECT appears on reel 3 only during base game. When a COLLECT appears, all COIN prizes are immediately awarded, and are not held for any Hold & Respin features triggered on that spin. SIDE STRIKE Only applicable in some jurisdictions. Red chip only appears on reel 1. Green chip only appears on reel 5. If your selection appears 2 more times than other selection 5x total strike bet is awarded. If your selection appears 1 more times than other selection 2x total strike bet is awarded. If your and other selection appear 2 times, 1x total strike bet is awarded. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. How to play Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Boom+ Button Toggles the BOOM+ Ante Bet. Wild+ Button Toggles the Wild+ Ante Bet. Side Strike button Only applicable in some jurisdictions. Opens the Side Strike menu. Number of Side Strike remaining will be shown over the button. Wild Feature Indicator Shows current Wild Feature with unavailable features locked. Play BOOM+ for more Wild Features. Menu Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Info Button Display info pages. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Side Strike meter Display the Side Strike bet amount. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. RTP - 94.63% Last modification date: 11/27/2025