Thief of Lightnings Thief of Lightnings is a Persian themed game with a Free Spins and a bonus "Hold and Re-spin" feature. Consecutive wins in a row award a Free Spins Feature where a selected symbol is held for the duration of the Free Spins. Bonus Symbols trigger the "Hold and Re-spin" feature. All prize symbols have a chance to be multiplied by the special multiplier. Fill all positions on screen with coin symbols to win the GRAND JACKPOT prize. This game has 5 reels, 4 rows and 50 fixed lines. HOLD AND RE-SPIN FEATURE 3 or more bonus symbols trigger the "Hold and Re-spin" feature. Feature initiates with 3 re-spins initially and awards one red, purple and green prize. When a multiplier appears, all coins of that color will be multiplied by the multiplier shown. Multiplier symbols may also be won which multiply all prizes of the corresponding color by 2, 3, 4 or 5. PRIZE AMOUNT: Equal in coin denomination to the total bet multiplied by either 20, 50 or 100 randomly as displayed. The multiplier is not held, and the Free Spins counter is reset to 3. Any prize that appears is held and the Free Spins counter is reset to 3. A GRAND JACKPOT prize of 500 x total bet is won if all 20 positions are filled with a prize. Feature is completed if the GRAND JACKPOT is won or if the Free Spins counter reaches 0. CASCADE FEATURE All winning symbols on a spin will be removed and new symbols will cascade down, this process continues after each cascade until there is no win. During the cascade feature, if there is no win then progress bar will reset. Each cascade fills the progress bar by one point. 4 or more cascades trigger the Free Spins Feature. Cascade feature occurs in the base game only. FREE SPINS FEATURE 4 or more cascades will trigger the Free Spins Feature. 7 or more cascades triggers 20 Free Spins. 6 cascades triggers 15 Free Spins. 5 cascades triggers 10 Free Spins. 4 cascades triggers 5 Free Spins. A wheel is spun at the start of the feature. The selected symbol will be locked for the duration of the Free Spins, if it appears on the reels. During the Free Spins, whenever symbol drops, 1 Free Spin is awarded for each symbol. Free Spins are played at the line and bet of the spin that triggered the Free Spins Feature. Different reels are used during the Free Spins. JACKPOT A GRAND JACKPOT is won when all positions are filled in the Hold and Re-spin feature. This game has a GRAND JACKPOT of 500 x total bet (Currency Unit varies according to jurisdictions). GRAND JACKPOT can be won during Hold and Re-spin feature. Malfunction of the internet connection may cause delay in the notification of messages or the jackpot updates however it does not affect the jackpot outcomes. GAME RULES The game requires a minimum of 50 credits multiplied by coin value to play. Denomination = 0.01. This game is intended for all play lines. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter does not have any payout. Wins in "Hold and Re-spin" feature are multiplied by the total bet. All wins are multiplied by coin value, except "Hold and Re-spin" wins. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Autoplay Stop button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins (wherever applicable): Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer's net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g.: Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game. “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operator's Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Last modification date: 7/1/2025