Cyber Dragon PAY TABLE All wins shown at the current bet level. All wins, except Scatter and Wild, start with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. Wild Only appears on reel 2,3 and 4 during Base Game. Substitutes for all symbols except Scatter1, Scatter2, Scatter3, Scatter4, Scatter5 and Scatter6. Scatter1 Only appears during Base Game. 3 Scatter1 triggers Free Games Level1. 4 Scatter1 triggers Free Games Level2. 5 Scatter1 triggers Free Games Level3. Scatter2 Only appears during Free Games Level1. Triggers Free Games Level2 when 3 or more Scatter2 stop for 5 times during Free Games Level1. Scatter3 Only appears during Free Games Level2. Triggers Free Games Level3 when 3 or more Scatter3 stop for 5 times during Free Games Level2. Scatter4 Only appears during Free Games Level3. Triggers Free Games Level4 when 3 or more Scatter4 stop for 5 times during Free Games Level3. Scatter5 Only appears during Free Games Level4. Triggers Free Games Level5 when 3 or more Scatter5 stop for 5 times during Free Games Level4. Scatter6 Only appears during Free Games Level5. Blank Only appears during Free Games Level1 to 5. No wins are associated with this symbol. MYSTERY SYMBOL FEATURE When or or stops during Base Game, any of , , , , A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 appears on reels. , and do not appear during Free Games Level 1 to 5. Free Games Feature Free Games Level1 The game starts with 3 games. When 3 or more Scatter2 stop in a Free Games Level1, the remaining game count will reset to 3 games. Free Games Level2 is triggered when 3 or more Scatter2 stop for 5 times. Alternate reel strips are used during the Free Games Level1 from the Base Game. Free Games Level2 The game starts with 3 games. When 3 or more Scatter3 stop in a Free Games Level2, the remaining game count will reset to 3 games. Free Games Level3 is triggered when 3 or more Scatter3 stop for 5 times. Alternate reel strips are used during the Free Games Level2 from the Base Game. Free Games Level3 The game starts with 3 games. When 3 or more Scatter4 stop in a Free Games Level3, the remaining game count will reset to 3 games. Free Games Level4 is triggered when 3 or more Scatter4 stop for 5 times. Alternate reel strips are used during the Free Games Level3 from the Base Game. Free Games Level4 The game starts with 3 games. When 3 or more Scatter5 stop in a Free Games Level4, the remaining game count will reset to 3 games. Free Games Level5 is triggered when 3 or more Scatter5 stop for 5 times. Alternate reel strips are used during the Free Games Level4 from the Base Game. Free Games Level5 The game starts with 3 games. When 3 or more Scatter6 stop in a Free Games Level5, the remaining game count will reset to 3 games. Alternate reel strips are used during the Free Games Level5 from the Base Game. GAME RULES [CYBER DRAGON] is a 3x5, 243 Ways Pays video slot featuring Free Spins. A winning combination occurs when identical matching symbols appear consecutively from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win per winning combination is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Games, plus the outcome which launched the Free Games. RTP: 96.28% FUNCTION DESCRIPTION Bet Click / Tap “BET” to display the BET SELECT screen, and click / tap each amount on the BET SELECT screen to change the BET. The BET can also be changed by clicking / tapping “－” and “＋” icons. Spin Click / Tap the “Spin” icon to start the game. When the Speed function is off, click / tap “spin” icon again while the reels are spinning to speed up the reel spins. Buy Bonus Click / Tap “Buy Bonus” icon to display the purchase window. Choose a bet value and click / tap “Purchase amount” icon to buy FREE GAMES. Win The win for each spin is displayed on “WIN” icon. The symbol win payout according to the current bet is displayed on the pay table. Auto Spin Click / Tap “Auto Spin” to select the number of auto spins. Auto spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins and the remining number of spins is displayed while Auto spin is active. Auto spin plays the specified number of spins until “Stop” icon is clicked / tapped, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin are reached. Auto spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. During Auto spin, Bet, Win, Balance, and Spin/Stop all function in the same way as in normal game play. Speed Click / Tap “Speed” icon to make the game faster. Sound Click / Tap “Sound” icon to turn the sound on/off. Click / Tap and hold “Sound” icon to display the volume bar to adjust the volume. Menu Click / Tap “Menu” icon to open the menu window. Game information Click / Tap “Information” icon on the menu screen to display the game information. Lobby Click / Tap “Lobby” icon to display the lobby menu, and then click / tap “yes” to exit the game. Last modification date: 1/6/2026