Diggy Gold GAME DESCRIPTION Diggy Gold is a 5 reels, 4 rows and 100 fixed lines game. Locked stacked wilds won on reels when Pickaxe fills up the progress bar on that reel. 3 or more triggers the Free Spins Feature. PAYTABLE LOCKED STACKED WILD 5x 3004x 753x 30 Appears in Collect and Free Spins Feature only. Substitutes for all symbols except and . WILD 5x 3004x 753x 30 Substitutes for all symbols except and . PICKAXE SYMBOL Appears in Base Game only. It does not pay anything. FREE SPINS (SCATTER) 3 or more Free Spins symbols appearing on the reels will trigger the Free Spins Feature. Appears in Base Game only. COLLECT FEATURE Each reel has an indicator to collect . When the indicator is filled, the reel becomes Locked Stacked Wild. An indicator on the bottom of the reel is removed after each new spin. All wins are paid after reels become Locked Stacked Wild. wild progress is saved for each bet. FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins Feature is triggered when 3 or more appear on the reels during Base Game. Player can choose which reels will be Locked Stacked Wild and number of Free Spins as shown on screen. 5 You can choose one: 9 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 1st, 4th and 5th reels. 24 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 2nd and 4th reels. 60 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 3rd reel. 4 You can choose one: 6 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 1st, 4th and 5th reels. 16 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 2nd and 4th reels. 40 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 3rd reel. 3 You can choose one: 3 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 1st, 4th and 5th reels. 8 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 2nd and 4th reels. 20 Free Spins with stacked Wilds locked on the 3rd reel. Free Spins Feature cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins are played at the lines and bet of the spin that triggered the Free Spins. GAME RULES The game requires a minimum of 100 credits multiplied by coin value to play. This game is intended for all lines play. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except . Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins on different lines are added. All wins are multiplied by coin value. Scatter does not have any payout. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. UI BUTTONS Title Action Spin Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop Stops the reel spin immediately (wherever applicable). Autoplay Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins consecutively (wherever applicable). Autoplay Stop Press to stop Autoplay session manually (wherever applicable). Bet Displays the bet options for the player to select the level of their bet. Settings Displays a settings screen with the following options to choose: Paytable and Bet (Coin Value, Lines and Max Bet). Audio Choose to enable/disable the sound. Turbo Spin Turn off/on to change the speed of the Spin to a normal/faster spin (wherever applicable). SETTING BUTTONS Title Action Paytable Choose to view the paytable and feature descriptions for the game. Setting Close Closes the window. Max Bet Displays the maximum bet. [IMPORTANT]: AUTOPLAY AND TURBO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN THE GAME YOU ARE PLAYING. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Autoplay Stop button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. LOBBY BAR Home:- Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins (wherever applicable) : Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g.: Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. "Back to game":- Notifying player to resume the game. "To Lobby":- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operator's Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025