Monkey's Journey Monkey's Journey, journey to the west with a Free Spin and a bonus "Hold and Re-spin" feature. Consecutive wins in a row award a Free Spin feature where a selected symbol is held for the duration of the Free Spin. Bonus Symbols trigger the "Hold and Re-spin" feature. All prize symbols have a chance to be multiplied by the special multiplier. Fill all positions on screen with coin symbols to win the GRAND JACKPOT prize. This game has a 4X5 matrix layout with fixed 50 lines. Game Rules: The game requires a minimum of 50 credits multiplied by coin value to play. Denomination = 0.01. This game is intended for all play lines. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except scatters. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. All wins on win lines only except scatters. Line wins are multiplied by coin value. Wins on different lines are added. Scatter does not have any payout. Wins in "Hold and Re-spin" feature are multiplied by the total bet. All wins are multiplied by coin value, except "Hold and Re-spin" wins. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. How to Play Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. UI Buttons: Spin: Initiates a reel spin. Spin Stop: Stops the reel spin immediately (wherever applicable). Autoplay: Displays the Autoplay settings screen to show all available options to initiate multiple spins consecutively (wherever applicable). Autoplay Stop: Press to stop Autoplay session manually (wherever applicable). Bet: Displays the bet options for the player to select the level of their bet. Audio: Choose to enable/disable the sound. Turbo Spin: Turn on/off to change the speed of the spin to a faster/normal spin (wherever applicable). Settings Button: Paytable: Choose to view the paytable and feature descriptions for the game. Bet Settings: Displays the coin value available for the player to select and change the level of their bet. Setting Close: Close the window. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Meters and Buttons: Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable): Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Stop Autoplay button. Win: Displays the win for the current game round. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. Lobby Bar: Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. Autoplay Settings: Number of spins: Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. Net Position: Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer's net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., pounds sterling, dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. Reality check: Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. “Back to game”:- Notifying player to resume the game. “To Lobby”:- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operators Main Game Menu Screen. Malfunction: In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. Last modification date: 11/13/2024