Twisted Toy Tales Smash Pots Overview Twisted Toy Tales is a 5-reel, 4-10 row videoslot, with up to 100,000 paying ways and the following features: SuperStretch™ Dynamic Ways™ Teen Hero Re-spins Teen Hero Wild Free Spins with Teen Hero Sticky Multiplying Wilds Smash Pots™ Bonus Raid™ There are 17 symbols: 4 high-paying symbols (hero symbols) 5 low-paying symbols Juggy blocker Teen Hero Wild Teen Hero Sticky Multiplying Wild 5 Battle Drops scatter symbols SuperStretch™ Base game only. Any Hero symbol or Teen Hero Wild wins expand the reels upwards in which the Hero symbols landed. The expansion is 1 row per winning Hero symbol in that reel. Each reel can expand to a maximum of 10 rows. Dynamic Ways™ Base game only. One Juggy blocker symbol can land in each of the five reels. The Juggy symbol immediately expands downwards to the bottom of its reel to restrict the number of potentially winning ways. Juggy blocker symbols will not land on a reel in which a Wild has landed. Teen Hero Re-spins Base game only. Any winning paid spin triggers a free re-spin. All symbols, winning and losing, are removed and replaced by a fresh panel of symbols. Each subsequent win will trigger another re-spin. There is no limit to the number of re-spins. Teen Hero Wild Base game only. Substitutes for any paying symbol. The wild blocks any Juggy symbols from appearing in that reel for the remainder of the game round. Free Spins with Teen Hero Sticky Multiplying Wilds When Battle Drops scatter symbols land on a panel they are collected to a meter. The free spins feature is triggered when all 5 Battle Drops scatter symbols are collected in the same game round. Battle Drop scatter symbols are cleared after every game round. 10 free spins are awarded. Free spins is played with the panel fully extended in all reels to the height of the highest reel in the base game that triggered free spins. The maximum panel size is 10-rows. The panel cannot extend further during free spins. Teen Hero wilds are now sticky and remain on the panel until the end of the feature. The wilds start with a multiplier value of X1. This increments by +1 every time the wild is involved in 1 or more winning ways. Multiple wilds in a winning combination multiply each other. Juggy symbols no longer act to constrain the number of potential winning ways. If a Juggy symbol lands immediately adjacent to a Teen Hero wild, after the panel is evaluated, Juggy slashes with his knife and the wild becomes inactive. The wild will be removed with the next spin. Bonus Raid™ Bonus Raid™ is a game mode where you can get straight into a feature, without needing to wait. It's easy, choose your feature, set your bet level and play Bonus Raid™. How it works: Choose your bet Choose your game mode from: Free Spins Free Spins at 5 rows high Costs 60x your bet Scary Free Spins Free Spins at 6 rows high Costs 80x your bet Heroic Free Spins Free Spins at 6 rows high Guaranteed Hero Wild on the first free spin. Costs 120x your bet Progressive Jackpot Land all five S-M-A-S-H jackpot symbols in reels 1 to 5 to trigger one of the progressive jackpots at its current value. The 3 progressive jackpots available in this game can be won by any player on a paid spin and are randomly triggered. Each pot starts at a fixed amount, namely the seed. The seed values are $5,000.00 - $5,000.00, $150.00 - $150.00, $50.00 - $50.00, for the Gold, Silver and Bronze pots respectively. The odds of winning the jackpot are proportional to the total bet amount; the bigger the bet, the better the chances to win. Overall game RTP is announced in the game help and the percentage of RTP related to the jackpot is noted separately. Any game interruption will not affect the jackpot contribution or awarding process. The player will be notified in case of winning the jackpot or in case of another player winning. The colour of the 'H' symbol in the 5th reel can be Bronze, Silver or Gold and determines which jackpot has been awarded. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Casino Operator at their own discretion. Each bet placed in this game and any participating game that is linked to this jackpot contributes proportionally to the prize pots. (Note: Does not apply to Bonus Rush) The jackpot can only be triggered on a normal paid spin. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Game Rules and Information The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Minimum Bet $0.10 Maximum Bet $20.00 Wins are paid according to the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Wins occur when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from the leftmost to right. Only highest win paid per winning combination. Multiple wins are added together. All Pays in the paytable reflect the current bet level Freespins are paid according to the bet amount set prior to entering Freespins. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent Jackpot contribution split: 0.75% (Gold), 1.05% (Silver), 1.00% (Bronze) Bonus Raid™ Free Spins: Scary Free Spins: Heroic Free Spins: Last modification date: 2/3/2026