Big Money Bass Smash Pots Big Money Bass Smash Pots™ Overview Big Money Bass is a 5-reel, 4-rows, 1024 ways-paying videoslot, with the following features: Hold and Re-Spin Fishing Actions Bonus Raid™ Smash Pots™ Symbols: 4 Fish symbols: Big Bass, Blue Fish, Purple fish, Green Fish 2 Medium symbols: Fishing Float and Fish Hook 3 Low symbols: Ace, King, Queen Rainbow Fish WILD, which substitutes for all paying symbol and appears on reels 2-5 only S, M, A, S & H jackpot symbols Hold and Re-Spin A win (or wins) of 3 of the same kind of fish (including WILD) will trigger a ‘second chance’ spin: The winning fish symbols stick in place The other symbols spin in each position If any fish or Wild fish land, then the Hold & Respin feature starts with 1 respin If no new fish land, the game returns to base game state A win (or wins) of 4 of the same kind of fish (including wild) triggers the Hold & Respin feature with 2 initial respins A win (or wins) of 5 of the same kind of fish (including wild) triggers the Hold & Respin feature with 3 initial respins The objective of the feature is to collect as many multipliers as possible. All contributing winning fish symbols (including WILDs) remain on screen. A counter displays the number of respins remaining. A new Power-Up Fish symbol is introduced. If it lands, the respins counter resets to its initial value and adds 1 extra respin. Fish symbols have multipliers attached to them, as follows: WILD: x2 Power Up: x1 Big Bass: x4 Blue Fish: x3 Purple fish: x2 Green Fish: x1 The fisherman's boat displays a total of all collected multipliers starting at 'X1' and updates if multipliers are collected by the Fishing Events. If any Fish, WILD or Power Up symbols land in any of the empty symbol positions, the respins counter is reset to the initial number of respins. The feature continues until the respins counter hits 0 and no new symbols land or no Fishing Events trigger to add more respins. The feature win is the stake multiplied by the Total Feature Multiplier (which is derived from multiplying the sum of all panel multipliers by the boat multiplier). If the player did not collect any multipliers to the boat multiplier, the game pays stake X sum of all panel multipliers. If every multiplier was collected from the panel to the boat multiplier, the game pays stake X boat multiplier. It is possible for the feature to complete without any new fish symbols landing and with no fisherman actions, in which case the win is based only on the multipliers from the original paid spin. Fishing Actions Catch A Fish The fisherman randomly pulls up his fishing line and catches a fish. The fish's multiplier value is added to the boat multiplier. An extra spin will be awarded. Rebait the Line The fisherman randomly pulls up his line to replace the bait. The respins counter is reset Berserker Fish The fisherman catches a fish but it breaks free from the line. The fish eats up to 10 random fish and collects their multipliers, then returns to its original position. An extra spin will be awarded. Dynamite Fishing The fisherman drops a stick of dynamite it into the water. The dynamite stops in a symbol position, then explodes. Any fish in the symbol position and up to 8 adjacent symbols will float to the surface. The multiplier values of the dead fish are added to the boat multiplier. An extra spin will be awarded. Bonus Raid™ Bonus Raid™ is a game mode where you can get straight into a feature, without needing to wait. It's easy, choose your feature, set your bet level and play Bonus Raid™. How it works: Choose your bet Choose your game mode from: Hold and Re-Spin @ 50x your bet Triggered from random 5 of a kind symbol win - 3 guaranteed respins. Hold and Re-Spin @ 100x your bet Triggered from random 5 of a kind symbol win - 3 guaranteed respins. Fishing boat collector starts at 3. Hold and Re-Spin @ 150x your bet Triggered from random 5 of a kind symbol win - 3 guaranteed respins. Fishing boat collector starts at 5. Progressive Jackpot Land all five S-M-A-S-H jackpot symbols in reels 1 to 5 to trigger one of the progressive jackpots at its current value. The 3 progressive jackpots available in this game can be won by any player on a paid spin and are randomly triggered. Each pot starts at a fixed amount, namely the seed. The seed values are $5,000.00 - $5,000.00, $150.00 - $150.00, $50.00 - $50.00, for the Gold, Silver and Bronze pots respectively. Each bet placed in this game and any participating game that is linked to this jackpot contributes proportionally to the prize pots. The odds of winning the jackpot are proportional to the total bet amount; the bigger the bet, the better the chances to win. Overall game RTP is announced in the game help and the percentage of RTP related to the jackpot is noted separately. Any game interruption will not affect the jackpot contribution or awarding process. The player will be notified in case of winning the jackpot or in case of another player winning. The colour of the 'H' symbol in the 5th reel can be Bronze, Silver or Gold and determines which jackpot has been awarded. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Casino Operator at their own discretion. Each bet placed in this game and any participating game that is linked to this jackpot contributes proportionally to the prize pots. (Note: Does not apply to Bonus Rush) Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Game Rules and Information The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Minimum Bet $0.20 Maximum Bet $20.00 Wins are paid according to the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Wins occur when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from the leftmost to right. Only highest win paid per winning combination. Multiple wins are added together. All Pays in the paytable reflect the current bet level Return to player for this game is : 90.01% Freespins are paid according to the bet amount set prior to entering Freespins. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent Jackpot contribution split: 0.75% (Gold), 1.05% (Silver), 1.00% (Bronze) Bonus Raid™ Hold and Re-Spin Hold and Re-Spin, Fishing boat collector starts at 2. Hold and Re-Spin, Fishing boat collector starts at 5. Big Money Bass Smash Pots; Last modification date: 12/17/2025