Joker and the Thief Overview Joker And The Thief is a SuperSlice® game with the following features Symbol collection meters Free Spins with win multipliers Core Gameplay The core gameplay is based on the SuperSlice® mechanic which is randomly played with between 2 and 12 slices each paid spin. There are 5 symbols: Paying: Diamond, Golden bar, Lucky7 Wild: Joker Thief Players can collect wins or risk them by continuing to play with the goal of triggering free spins. Player strategy The effective Return To Player (RTP) is affected by the player's strategy. The optimal strategy is to always to continue to bet and not to collect before triggering free spins. Any other strategy may result in a lower RTP. Symbol collection meters A meter with 6 levels is displayed for each of the 3 paying symbols. Each level displays a win amount, the lowest value (after 1 win) at the bottom, increasing to the highest (after 5 wins). When a symbol is picked, the lowest unlit level of the meter for that symbol is illuminated. When a Joker symbol is picked, it substitutes for all 3 paying symbols and fills one level of all 3 meters. The total value of all accumulated wins in all 3 meters is displayed in the Cashpot meter. Hitting the Collect button transfers the value of the Cashpot to the player's wallet and resets the meters. If a Thief symbol lands, the accumulated winnings are lost, and the meters will reset. Empty slices represent no wins, and award no pays when hit. Free Spins If one or more meters reach the 6th level, then free spins are triggered. Free spins are played with a win multiplier depending on which symbol triggered the feature: 1X - Lucky 7s 5X - Gold Bars 10X - Diamonds If multiple symbols trigger free spins, the multipliers are added together. The meters remain, but the Collect button is replaced with 8 sacks of money icons. Wins accrue on the meters until a Thief lands at which point one icon is removed. Wins are then auto-collected and added to the Total Win meter. Free spins end after the Thief appears for an 8th time. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Game Rules and Information The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Minimum Bet $0.20 Maximum Bet $50.00 Wins are paid according to the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays All Pays in the paytable reflect the current bet level A game round completes when the cashpot is collected or the Thief appears. The bet level is locked until after a game round completes. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent The chances of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of each game The odds of the wheel are not equal. Last modification date: 4/11/2025