Show me the Piggy GAME RULES Show Me The Piggy is a 3x4x5, 576 ways video slot. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Each Symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Coinciding wins are added. Scatter wins are added to ways wins. is a scatter. is a scatter and appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. is a scatter and appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. Maximum one can appear during a paid game. The dice are used to represent game outcomes and do not represent the chances of winning. There are three piggies on top of reels 2, 3 and 4 respectively, each with a collection meter as displayed. The maximum number of collection meter is randomly selected from 5 to 20. Each bet option have their own set of Piggy collection meters. When a lands, the point shown on will be added to the corresponding piggy collection meter. Any appearing reveals either an 'Arrow', 'FG' or 'Jackpot Spin'. Any 'Arrow' appearing on a increments the corresponding piggy multiplier by 1. Any 'FG' appearing on a triggers the Free Games Feature. Any 'Jackpot Spin' appearing on a triggers the Jackpot Wheel Feature. When the piggy collection meter is full, a piggy prize of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 12, 15 or 20 multiplied by the total bet will be awarded, as displayed. If the piggy multiplier is greater than one, the piggy prize awarded will be multiplied by the corresponding piggy multiplier. Once the piggy prize is awarded, the piggy on top of the corresponding reel will be replaced by a new piggy. Piggy multiplier always begins at 1. Any further Blue Dice point contributions are added to subsequent piggy collection meter. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. The calculated RTP of the game, including Jackpot is 95.30%. HOW TO PLAY Open the betting menu to choose the bet for the game. Start the game. Open the autoplay menu to choose the number of rounds for autoplay. Open the settings menu. Turn on or off the game background music. Turn on or off the game sound effects. Open the game paytable and rules explanation page. Leave the game. (The display will be turned on or off according to the casino's setting) Last modification date: 9/24/2024