The Legend of Ching Shih The Legend of Ching Shih is a 20 payline, 4 X 5 video slot game. Game features include SUPER REELS which expand the reels to 9 rows and 45 paylines, 8-high stacked Wild symbols, and a FREE SPINS feature triggered by 3 or more BONUS scatter symbols. Simultaneous or coinciding wins on different pay lines are added. Winning combinations start from the leftmost reel and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline, except BONUS (scatter) symbol which pays for 3 or more anywhere in view. Wilds substitute for all symbols except BONUS (scatter) symbol. Only highest win paid per line. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Payouts have been multiplied by the current active base bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. STACKED WILD SYMBOL The STACKED WILD SYMBOL is an 8-high stack of Wild Symbols. Wilds only appear as 8-high symbol stacks in this game. Wilds substitute for all symbols except BONUS (scatter) symbol. SUPER REELS In the base game Super Reels are triggered randomly. The reels are expanded to 9 rows and 45 winlines. 3 free spins of the Super Reels are awarded (SUPER SPINS). FREE SPINS BONUS 3 or more BONUS (scatter) symbols in view triggers the Free Spins Bonus and awards a bonus win. During free spins a Bonus symbol landing in view on reel 3 activates the Super Reels. When Super Reels are active any Bonus symbol landing in view on reel 3 increases the win multiplier. The following multipliers are possible: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10. A bonus symbol landing in view on reel 3 during free spins awards 3 extra Free Spins. BONUS symbol appears on Reel 3 only during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game. BONUS BOOST Selecting Bonus Boost places a side bet equal to the current active bet. When BONUS BOOST is active it increases the number of BONUS symbols on the reels, for a much higher Free Spins Bonus frequency. Bonus Boost is only active in the base game and is not active during Free Spins. With Bonus Boost active all wins remain multiples of the current base bet. HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If three or more identical symbols are lined up, find the win value in the dynamic Pay Table. There you can find the value for all symbols for 3 in a row, 4 in a row and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. The above doesn't include Bonus symbols which do not need to be on a payline to award a prize. After the Bonus round is completed, all wins are added to any win from the game that activated the Bonus. There can be a discrepancy between sum of the individual wins in Free Spins from what is displayed in the total win end screen. The total win end screen displays the final rounded win. GAME OPTIONS Click the options icon to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change Sounds on/off, and access the Game Rules. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. GAME PANEL Paylines Active – Displays the number of paylines. Stake – Displays the current bet and accesses panel to change bet. Spin Button – Places the bet and spins the reels. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Pressing the Stop Button stops the reels immediately. Autoplay (If Available) – Allows the player to access the Autoplay panel to select amount of autoplays and limits. Winnings – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Credit – Displays the player's account balance. AUTOPLAY (If Available) Autoplay automatically plays the game for the selected number of spins. The player can enable autoplay by pressing the AUTOPLAY button on the main screen, configuring settings, and then starting autoplay. In the autoplay settings, the player can select the number of spins for autoplay and specify whether to stop autoplay when a single win limit is reached. The player must also set the Loss Limit value for the autoplay to function. It will not work without this. When activated, the number of spins remaining for autoplay is displayed. The player has the option to stop autoplay and continue with normal play. RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 95%. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Players cannot be unfairly advantaged or disadvanted by disconnections or network interruptions. In rare and exceptional circumstances where a game state cannot be restored, such a malfunction voids all pays and play. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800 GAMBLER. Last modification date: 1/17/2024