Lightning Jungle Game Rules Scatter 6 or more Scatters on any position win Lightning Game. Prize amount will be displayed on this symbol. Wild Substitutes for all symbols except a . All wins shown at the current bet level. All wins, except for a , start from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. There are 243 ways to win. The value set as the current bet. Respin The 3 extra reels on top of Primary Reel will only be activated when Respin is triggered. 3 Respin will be triggered when a is copied onto the area next to the extra reel after such lands on the middle row of reel 5. Only the will be copied onto the area next to the extra reel and no other symbol can trigger the feature. A will shift 1 position to the left each spin and the feature continues until it disappears from the extra reel. If another lands on the middle row of reel 5 during the feature, such will be copied onto the area next to the extra reel, and the number of Respin counts resets to 3. The feature continues if 1 or more remain on the extra reel. If 6 or more land on Primary reel or both Primary and extra reel, Respin will be completed and Lightning Game will be triggered. Only when Lightning Game is triggered during Respin, all the available on the extra reel will be removed once Lightning Game is completed and returned to the base game. The feature will be completed when a on the leftmost of the extra reel is the only available and no lands on the middle row of reel 5. Lightning Game 6 or more Scatters in a single spin will trigger Lightning Game during the base game. 3 Free Spins are awarded. All Scatters that triggered the feature will remain on the same spots of the reels throughout the feature. All reels are turned into inidual spinning reels during the feature. The number of available reels at the beginning of Lightning Game depends on whether all the extra reels are filled with Scatters or not. The 3x5 reel on the bottom is Primary Reel and the other 3x5 reel on the top is Secondary Reel. If the extra reels are not filled with 3 Scatters, only 18 reels are available at the start of the feature. If the extra reels are all filled with 3 Scatters, 33 reels are available at the start of the feature. Even if the feature starts with 18 reels in total, all 33 reels will be available when the extra reels are all filled with 3 and/or during the feature. , , , and will appear on each inner reel. The remaining number of games will be reset when , , or lands on the reel. All symbols except will be hold until the feature completes. will reset the game counts and increase the maximum number of games by 1. Prize will be displayed on the symbol afterward. will display the sum of the prizes which already landed on the reels. All the amount of Prizes within Primary Reel, extra reel, and Secondary Reel will be doubled if Primary Reel is filled with , , and/or at the end of the Lightning Game. All the amount of Prizes within Secondary Reel, extra reel, and Primary Reel will be doubled if Secondary Reel is filled with , , and/or at the end of the Lightning Game. The feature will be completed if the remaining number of spins become 0 or all the reels are filled with , , or . All the Prizes will be awarded at the end of the feature. Bet multiplier during Lightning Game is the same as the game which triggered Lightning Game. Rules The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only highest symbol win paid per game played. Coinciding symbol wins are added. Symbol wins are paid as shown. The maximum total win for each game round is capped at 10000 multiplied by the bet level. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: 1. Choose your total bet. The player is responsible to confirm credits registered before the game starts. 2. Press the Spin button. 3. Check for any wins in the WIN field. Description of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the bet icon and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing . Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed on the screen. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. In Respin only the total win for each spin is shown on the screen. Help All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the help, which can be reached through . Autoplay Press and choose a number of game rounds and total session loss limit to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay can be stopped by pressing . Autoplay will automatically stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded or Lightning Game is triggered. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible. Fast Play is initiated by pressing on the screen. This function is only available during Lightning Game. Lobby allows you to quit the game and go back to the Casino's lobby where you can find the game catalog. Desktop Version Settings (where avaible) In the settings panel you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Press to turn off the sound and press to turn on the sound. Screen Size This setting allows you to change the screen size. Press to maximize the screen and press to minimize the screen. Last modification date: 8/18/2023