Scatters Matter Scatters Matter™ is a 7x7 videoslot with a gem collection pay mechanic, and the following features: Cascades with blank exploders Multiplying Symbols Free Spins with scatter booster, sticky Scatter Magnets™ and sticky multipliers Bonus Rush ClusterSpin There are 28 symbols: 5 paying gem symbols 5 multiplier symbols 5 Scatter Magnets™ 5 Sticky Scatter Magnets™ 5 Sticky Multipliers Bonus symbol Blank symbol Blank exploder symbol Gem Collection Collect gems to win. The more gems collected, the bigger the win. When 4 or more gems and a Scatter Magnet™ or sticky Scatter Magnet™ of the same type are in view, then the gems are collected. The payout is the total number of gems collected multiplied by that gem's paytable value. If two or more of the same Scatter Magnet™ are in view, then the win is duplicated for each instance of the Scatter Magnet™. Up to 3 Scatter Magnets™ can land on the initial screen in the base game. Multiplier Symbols There are special multiplier symbols for each of the 5 types of gem. If a colour of gem is collected and a multiplier of the same colour is in view, then any gems collected by each Scatter Magnet™ of that same colour are multiplied by that multiplier value. If more than one instance of a multiplier is in view, their multiplier values are added. Multipliers can be 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x. Cascades In the event of a winning panel, all winning symbols are removed. This includes the gems, the Scatter Magnets™, and any multipliers. The remaining symbols drop down to the lowest possible positions, and the voids are filled from above with new symbols. No blank symbols land in cascades. Blank Exploders A special blank exploder symbol can land in a cascade. 1 blank exploder can land in each paid game round. Once the panel has been filled, the blank exploder and all blank symbols on the panel will explode causing a secondary cascade of symbols and a panel that is entirely free of blank symbols. Blank exploders do not land on the initial panel. Blank exploders cannot land in free spins. Free Spins with scatter booster and sticky special symbols Bonus symbols land and are not removed during cascades. If 3, 4 or 5 bonus symbols collect on the panel, the free spins bonus feature is triggered once any cascades are completed with 6, 8 or 10 free spins respectively. There are no blank symbols in free spins. The scatter booster meter randomly selects one colour and a random multiplier value between 1x to 15x. If any Scatter Magnets™ of that colour collect gems, then the win is multiplied by that colour's scatter booster multiplier value. Sticky Scatter Magnets™ and sticky multipliers can land in free spins only. These remain on the panel for the remainder of the free spins feature. Sticky Scatter Magnets™ remain in view and do not reset at the start of each free spin. They accrue the gems that they collect to become progressively more powerful. They pay in any free spin or subsequent cascade if they collect 4 or more new gems. There can be up to 2 Sticky Scatter Magnets™ in the same colour during the free spins. Sticky multipliers absorb the values of any multipliers of the same colour if they are all involved in a win to become progressively more powerful. They start at X2. They do not reset at the start of each free spin. They multiply the value of any gems collected in that spin or cascade by Scatter Magnets™ or the current value of all gems collected so far by any sticky Scatter Magnets™. There can be up to 2 sticky multiplier symbols in the same colour during the free spins. Bonus symbols can also land in the free spins and one extra free spin is awarded per bonus symbol. A maximum of 2 bonus symbols can land on a panel in free spins. Free Spins can pay up to 10000x your bet amount. Bonus Rush Bonus Rush® is a game mode where you can get straight into a feature, without needing to wait. It's easy, choose your feature, set your bet level and play Bonus Rush®. How it works: Choose your bet Choose your game mode from: Free Spins Triggered with 6 free spins Costs 140x your bet Sparkling Free Spins Triggered with 8 free spins Costs 260x your bet Glittering Free Spins Triggered with 10 free spins Costs 360x your bet ClusterSpin® Clusterspin® is a game mode where you can choose to bet on the outcome of a group of Clusterspins® . You can either bet you're going to win, or bet you're going to lose. Depending on the outcome of the game, you can then win an ante bet prize on top of your main game wins. How it works: Choose your number of Clusterspin® from 10, 15 or 20 Choose your ante bet Choose if you think you are going to win or lose more during the game Click start and play out the game Total bet is calculated as (Bet per Spin x number of Clusterspin®) + ante bet. Pays will depend on the combination of Clusterspin®, bet level and bet mode chosen, and will be displayed on the panel before you start your game. Autoplay The player can use the AUTOPLAY controls, to set a number of spins. This function will start each spin automatically until either something that requires the player’s intervention occurs or the number of set spins expires. For some jurisdictions, the autoplay options will include extra settings that allow for an autoplay interruption if the total amount won or lost in that session exceeds a specified amount or if any single win exceeds a specified amount. Game Rules and Information The bet level is set using the BET LEVEL selectors. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Minimum Bet $0.20 Maximum Bet $50.00 Wins are paid according to the pay table. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Only highest win paid per winning combination. Multiple wins are added together. All Pays in the paytable reflect the current bet level Freespins are paid according to the bet amount set prior to entering Freespins. In accordance with fair gaming practices, the outcome of each and every game is completely independent