Old Macdonald Old MacDonald Slot is a three-reel, single-payline slot game. The game also features a substitute symbol, the Sun, which appears only on reel two, and substitutes for all other symbols. How to play If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet. If you have no funds in your account then a popup with insufficient balance message will come with ‘Yes’ and ‘No’ options to deposit. If you click on ‘Yes’ button, it will take you to the deposit page. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the ‘HELP' button at the bottom-right of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet. To determine the payoff amount per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line amount. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'CLOSE' button on the 'PAYTABLE' screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button at the top will open the rules screen. Spin - After the reels stop, you will be paid according to the symbols on the payline. If you win something, your winnings are shown at the top of the game window. Repeat bet/Change bet: Once the reels stop spinning the default bet for the next spin is the same as the previous one. Click on "SPIN" to place the same bet again. To change the bets, use the arrow keys on the "BET" button area. The game balance is shown in the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines, with the total win amount being shown at the top of the screen. Click on 'GAMELOGS' button at the top to view the logs of the games you've played. Rules Only the highest win is paid. All symbols pay on the center line only. The Sun is the substitute symbol, and appears only on reel two. The Sun substitutes for all other symbols. The prize is doubled when the Sun substitutes in a winning combination. When all 3 symbols sheep, chick, pig appear at the same time on payline, the player will be awarded 5 times the bet. Paytable The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.24% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 1/31/2017