Lobster Splash GAME RULES Lobster Splash is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 10 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three, four or five Bonus symbols award 10, 15 or 20 free spins respectively. When the free spins feature begins, positions (2.2) and (3.2) will be marked with x2. The free spins feature is played on special reels with Wild symbols. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus symbol . At the end of each spin during the feature, one of the following events will take place: A new position will be marked with a x2 multiplier. The multiplier in one of the positions will increase by +1. Each lobster that lands in a position with a multiplier will multiply its value by that multiplier If a fisherman symbol lands, it will collect all the values from the lobster symbols and add them to the spin win. Each fisherman will move the panel one step forward. When you get 4, 8, or 12 fishermen, you will also get the following: 4 fishermen: 5 extra free spins, and between 2 and 5 x2 multipliers. 8 fishermen: 5 extra free spins, and between 2 and 5 x3 multipliers. 12 fishermen: 5 extra free spins, and between 2 and 5 x5 multipliers. Each multiplier on the panel will choose a pocket at random. If this pocket already has a multiplier, the new multiplier will be added to the existing multiplier. If this pocket doesn’t already have a multiplier, the new multiplier will apply. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.4 % (Buy Free Spins 95.4 %). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games. This maximum price contains all winnings due to an unique spin in the whole simulation. That includes all features, minigames or free spin stages triggered in that spin. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/11/2026