Teddy's Tavern Head on down to Teddy’s Tavern for a pint or two and some joyous Irish hospitality. Enjoy the company of the lucky leprechauns and the jovial atmosphere, while you spin the reels. This is unlike any slot you’ve ever played before, but soon, you could be dancing a jig of joy as you win glorious prizes. Teddy's Tavern is a 3-reel, 1-row slot, full of lucky leprechaun fun. Match the symbol numbers to create unique multipliers that payout based on your bet amount. Watch out for 3 Scatters which trigger 10 Free Spins and the possibility of retriggers that award an additional 10 Free Spins up to a massive 50 total. Irish Luck is always on your side because with each non-winning spin there is a chance that all 3 reels could respin for another chance to win. Join the fun and play Teddy's Tavern now! General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot PAYOUT EXAMPLES Game Winning Combinations: Payouts are created by landing a combination of paying symbols. Symbol values land to create a multiplier of bet win. Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Game Features LUCKY RESPINS Non winning spins have a chance to trigger respins on up to all 3 reels. Every non winning spin in Free Spins triggers Lucky Respins feature. FREE SPINS Land 3 Scatters to trigger 10 Free Spins. Land 3 Scatters to retrigger +10 additional Free Spins up to 50 Free Spins. BUY BONUS Activate the Free Spins feature anytime during the base game with the 'Buy Bonus' option. Choose the best option for you to play and enjoy generous payouts from the different Free Spins modes available. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature - 1 95.11% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature - 2 95.10% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature - 3 95.19% Return to Player 93.98% Hit Rate 33.36% BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activate the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Pay 75x total bet to play 10 Free Spins. Pay 150x total bet to play 20 Free Spins. Pay 250x total bet to play 30 Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Payouts are created by landing a combination of paying symbols. Symbol values land to create a multiplier of bet win. The symbol number and order they land determines the bet multiplier payout. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/7/2023