Phoenix Kingdom Extra Burst Phoenix Kingdom Extra Burst Game Help Enter a mythical realm of blazing skies and ancient riches, where every spin summons the power of the immortal Phoenix. Deep in the Phoenix Kingdom are legendary treasures waiting to be found. Fortune favours the bold, so rise up and claim your destiny! Phoenix Kingdom Extra Burst is a 5x3 reel slot with 40 paylines, epic features and spectacular fun! Your adventure begins with the Hold N Spin Bonus, which may trigger when any combination of Phoenix Coins appears. Then, hang on tight for a respins winning streak. During the respins, only Bonus Coins, Phoenix Coins, or Jackpot Coins can appear. The action soars to a new level when a Phoenix Coin activates its respective feature during the respins. The Cashier Phoenix Coin awards random values up to 9x and Jackpot Coins. The Multiplier feature multiplies other coins and transforms itself into a Bonus Coin. The Collector collects all of the value prizes. If the Doubler Phoenix Coin activates during the respins, an additional reel set with Bonus Coins and other active Phoenix Coins is awarded. Fill both sets of reels, and the Grand prize is awarded twice. Rise like the Phoenix from the ashes and ignite your winnings! Play Phoenix Kingdom Extra Burst! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Phoenix Kingdom Extra Burst has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Game Features HOLD N SPIN BONUS Any combination of Phoenix Coins on the reels may trigger the Hold N Spin bonus. If the Bonus is triggered with CASHIER, MULTIPLIER and/or COLLECTOR, the respins start with an initial 5 Coins and active Phoenix Coins. If the Bonus is triggered with the DOUBLE feature, the Bonus starts with two sets of 5x3 reels with an initial 5 Bonus Coins and other active Phoenix Coins on both reel sets. Only Bonus Coins, Phoenix Coins, or Jackpot Coins can appear during respins. Multi-coloured Phoenix coins can also appear during respins. Phoenix coins may activate their respective coloured features during the respins. If a non-active Phoenix Coin doesn't activate a feature, it turns into a Bonus Coin. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new coin resets the number of respins to 3. When the CASHIER feature is active, each Cashier Phoenix Coin awards a random value or Jackpot Coins, except the GRAND. Possible values are 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x or 9x current total bet. When the MULTIPLIER feature is active, each Multiplier Phoenix Coin multiplies all other coins on the respective reel by 2x and turns into a random value. Possible values are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. When the COLLECTOR feature is active, each Collector Phoenix Coin collects the values from all other coins. If the DOUBLE Phoenix Coin activates the Double feature during respins, an additional 5x3 reel set with an initial 5 Bonus Coins and other active Phoenix Coins is awarded, and the coin turns into a Bonus Coin. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain or all the reels are full. The GRAND Jackpot is awarded when all 15 positions of a reel set is filled. If all positions on both sets of reels are filled, the GRAND is awarded twice. The graphical collection of the coins and size increment of collectors is for visual entertainment only, and as such, does not influence triggering the Bonus. The size of the Collector resets after the respective feature is awarded and completed. Return to Player 93.99% Hit Rate 36.84% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 10,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the bonus. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Coins are added together and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/6/2026