Heavy Metal Wilds Heavy Metal Wilds Game Help Welcome to the intense, virtuosic, and powerful world of Heavy Metal Wilds. If music, driven by the sound of a distorted electric guitar is your favourite, this game with heavy metal vibes and heavy features will guarantee lots of joy and an entertaining experience. Enjoy the gameplay! A real treat for fans of heavy metal. Heavy Metal Wilds is a 5-reel, 4-row slot game with a base game re-spin bonus, free spins bonus and Feature Spin™ mode. Take a chance to get up to 15 Free Spins! General Information There are 20 win lines in Heavy Metal Wilds. All awards (except scatters) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel during the base game. All awards pay for any adjacent left to right, right to left and center winning combination during the Free Spins feature. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Return to Player 95.13% Feature Spin™ RTP 95.08% Buy Feature RTP 8 free spins 95.10% Buy Feature RTP 10 free spins 95.09% Buy Feature RTP 15 free spins 95.09% Game Features Re-spin Feature Re-spin feature is activated when a full reel contains the same picture symbols only (logo symbol, microphone symbol, guitar symbol, drums symbol, speakers symbol, skull symbol, hand symbol), the triggering reel full of the same picture symbol will turn wild, and other reels re-spin. If another reel lands into view containing a full reel of the same picture symbols, then another Re-spin will be awarded. Re-spins continue until a spin does not contain a full reel of the same picture symbols. Free Spins Free Spins feature is activated by 9 or more Free Spins symbols in view on reels 2-3-4. Free Spins feature is 8-15 free spins depending on how many Free Spin symbols are landed. 8 Free Spins are awarded when 9 Free Spins symbols land on the reels. 10 Free Spins are awarded when 10 or 11 Free Spins symbols land on the reels. 15 Free Spins are awarded when 12 Free Spins symbols land on the reels. Re-spin feature can be triggered during Free Spins. During Free Spins feature win lines pay left to right, right to left and center winning combinations. No Free Spin scatters available during Free Spins feature. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger 8, 10 or 15 Free Spins instantly Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger 8 Free Spins. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only scatters symbols on the reels. They are played using a single win line with the following awards: Match 3 scatters on the reels to win Free Spins feature. Gamble Choose a colour or suit to play the gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The Gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player's balance becomes less than the last spin stake amount the Bet Chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful Bet chance, red is a losing Bet chance. On pressing "Spin" the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then the remaining balance is taken. When pressing "Cancel" button the screen changes from the Bet Chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel during the base game. During Free Spins feature win lines pay left to right, right to left and center winning combinations. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. Malfunction voids all pays. The highest win only paid per active win line. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Re-spin feature or Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/3/2023