Farmer Frank's Golden Wins Farmer Frank's Golden Wins Game Help Collect a harvest of incredible winnings! Packed with fun and exciting features, Farmer Frank’s Golden Wins offers endless opportunities to win big. The main game functions include: Symbol & Reel Swap, Wild Selector, Free Spins, Frank's Field of Gold, and Gold Gold Gold — all designed to help you find Golden Fortune. Spin the reels of Farmer Frank's Golden Wins and cultivate your fortune today! General Information There are Symbol Swap feature, Reel Swap feature, Wild Selector feature, Free Spins feature, Frank's Field of Gold feature, Gold Gold Gold feature and Feature Respin™ in Farmer Frank's Golden Wins game. All awards (except Free Spins and Farmers Shed symbols) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.22% Feature Spin™ RTP 93.24% Buy Feature RTP 93.26% Game Features SYMBOL SWAP FEATURE Losing spin randomly gives an opportunity to swap two symbols that are on the reels in order to turn the losing spin into a winning spin. Select symbols to swap them. Click the selected symbol once again to cancel the choice. Click Autopick button to automatically select the symbols to swap to create the best payment combination. If no selection is made, symbol swap feature will time out and create the best payment combination. REEL SWAP FEATURE Losing spin randomly gives an opportunity to swap two reels in order to turn the losing spin into a winning spin. Select reels to swap them. Click the selected reel once again to cancel the choice. Click Autopick button to automatically select the reels to swap to create the best payment combination. If no selection is made, reel swap feature will time out and create the best payment combination. WILD SELECTOR FEATURE Losing spin randomly gives an opportunity to turn a symbol on the reels into wild symbol in order to turn the losing spin into a winning spin. A dapple occurs around the reels positions. Click Stop button to stop the dapple and where the dapple stops, that symbol turns into wild symbol. The dapple moves only to reel positions that will turn the losing spin into a winning spin. If no selection is made, Wild Selector feature will time out and randomly stop the dapple. FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins feature is triggered by 3 Free Spins symbols on reels 1-2-3. Free Spins feature is 10 Free Spins containing picture symbols only. No Free Spins symbols available during Free Spins feature. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. FRANK'S FIELD OF GOLD FEATURE Frank's Field of Gold feature is triggered by 3, 4 or 5 Farmers Shed symbols. Frank's Field of Gold feature presents carrot tops that reveal stake multipliers or additional picks. Frank's Field of Gold feature starts with 4 picks. When +1 value is opened, an additional pick is awarded. The feature ends when no picks are left or all boxes are opened. Total winnings are paid at the end of the feature. Frank's Field of Gold feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on the feature pop-up or after time out. If no selection is made, the feature will time out and randomly select an active box. Autopick doesn’t impact overall RTP. Available multipliers in Frank’s Field of Gold feature if it is triggered in base game: x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15, x20. GOLD GOLD GOLD FEATURE Gold Gold Gold feature is randomly triggered when Wild symbol lands on the reels. Gold Gold Gold feature presents 12 boxes that contain 4 types of pots. Fixed winning amount is awarded when 3 matching symbols have been revealed. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x25), Minor (x50), Major (x100), Grand (x250). Gold Gold Gold feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on Gold Gold Gold feature pop-up or after time out. If no selection is made, the Gold Gold Gold feature will time out and randomly select a box. Autopick doesn’t impact overall RTP. FEATURE RESPIN™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins or after Frank's Field of Gold feature which are triggered in Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins/Frank's Field of Gold feature or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins/Frank's Field of Gold feature are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins/Frank's Field of Gold feature and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x29.10 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x23.50 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x23.50 stake when offered 10 Free Spins The best strategy is to replay Frank's Field of Gold feature when the win amount in the feature is less or equal than: -For base game: x18.00 stake when offered Frank's Field of Gold feature -For Feature Spin™: x23.00 stake when offered Frank's Field of Gold feature -For Buy feature: x23.00 stake when offered Frank's Field of Gold feature Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature or Frank's Field of Gold feature (to choose from) instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Available multipliers in Frank’s Field of Gold feature if it is triggered in Buy Feature: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature or Frank's Field of Gold feature (to choose from). During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only logo symbols on the reels. Match 3 active logo symbols on the reels to win Free Spins feature or Frank's Field of Gold feature (to choose from). Available multipliers in Frank’s Field of Gold feature if it is triggered in Feature Spin™: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except Free Spins and Farmers Shed symbols) pay on active winning way only. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different ways are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins and Farmers Shed symbols. Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a winning way to create a winning combination. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to ways wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature, Frank's Field of Gold feature and Gold Gold Gold feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/22/2025