Dragons of the North Deluxe The Dragons are back! Get ready for the next epic chapter of magic, mystery and thrilling action in Dragons of the North Deluxe. The four dragons are circling and this time, they are bringing with them even more rewards and riveting adventures. Dragons of the North is a 50 payline adventure slot overflowing with features. The Golden Dragon Egg is your key to unlocking prizes and special rewards. The Reel Prizes feature sees Jackpots, Free Spins and Cash Prizes above each reel, and when the Golden Dragon Egg lands, the prize of the respective reel is awarded, plus a random multiplier could also appear to boost these rewards even more. The Jackpot Wheel feature holds four fiery jackpots and to keep the action coming, by collecting golden tokens on your journey, you can unlock Bonus Cash prizes and Legendary Super Free Spins to help you advance on the adventure map to reveal even bigger rewards! It’s time! Suit up and prepare for impressive payouts in Dragons of the North Deluxe! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Lines Number of Reels and Rows 5X3 Game Features ·Special Reel Prizes: – Above each reel, there are possible rewards which can be won when the Dragon Egg symbol lands on the reel. Prizes on reels 2 and 4 are locked only during the base game. The possible prizes are a Cash Prize, Free Spins or a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. ·Random Multiplier: – The random multiplier can increase the cash prizes above the reels ·Jackpot Wheel: – When a Dragon Egg symbol lands on the reel with the Jackpot prize above it, the Jackpot Wheel Feature is triggered ·Free Spins: – When a Dragon Egg symbol lands on the reel with the Free Spins prize above it, the Free Spins feature is triggered. ·Stacked Wilds and Reel Tilt: – Wilds come in stacks of 3 and a random tilt might occur on some reels to reveal additional Wilds. ·Dragons Adventure Journey: – When gold tokens appear on any symbol, they are collected to fill the tokens meter. When the tokens meter is full, the Dragons Adventure Journey map displays and you advance to the next Dragons Adventure Journey game. The Dragon’s Adventure Journey games award Cash Prizes and 4 different Legendary Super Free Spins features. Each Legendary Super Free Spins feature has unique prizes and increment your ways of winning! Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 37% Game Features Dragons of the North is a 5-reel, 3-row, 50 lines video slot featuring Stacked Wilds, Reel Prizes, a Jackpot Wheel, Free Spins, Dragon's Adventure Journey, Random Multipliers and Legendary Super Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 50, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Incomplete game sessions All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/12/2022