Luck O' The Clover Luck O' The Clover Game Help Embark on an exciting Irish adventure full of luck, excitement and pots of gold with the new game Luck O' The Clover! Packed with unique Spinberry features, this game promises an unforgettable experience for players seeking big wins and endless entertainment. Feel the thrill as you activate the Lucky Pick feature! When triggered, the reels transform into a screen adorned with shimmering pots. Will you have the biggest pot? It's up to you to decide! Thanks to Feature Spin™ & Buy Feature, you can take advantage of quicker feature access! Join us now and let the luck of the Irish guide you to extraordinary wins and endless fun! General Information There are Lucky Pick feature, Spectacular Link™ feature and Spectacular Link Frenzy feature in Luck O' The Clover game. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.20% Feature Spin™ RTP 93.17% Buy Feature RTP 93.20% Game Features LUCKY PICK FEATURE Lucky Pick feature is triggered randomly when gold pot symbol lands on the reels. 16 Gold pots contain various amounts of winnings. Start by picking your Gold pot from 16 pots, then eliminate other pots. Your Gold pot will be saved until the end of the feature. At the end of each round of pots picking, the leprechaun will make an offer to take the winnings (TAKE OFFER) or continue pots eliminating (REJECT OFFER). The winnings amount of each offer will be dependent on the amounts that are still left. If take the offer, the winnings will be awarded and the feature ends. Four offers will be made in total. The final offer will give three choices: - accept the leprechaun’s offer to take the winnings (TAKE OFFER); - take the winnings from your main Gold pot that was picked at the start of the feature (REJECT OFFER); - switch your main gold pot with the last gold pot and take the winnings from this last gold pot (SWITCH POTS). If no selection is made during the offer, after time out a random choice will be made. SPECTACULAR LINK™ FEATURE 4 or more value symbols and/or pot symbols trigger Spectacular Link™ feature. Value symbols are presented as coins. Possible value symbols are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x250). During the Spectacular Link™ feature the game reels and rows extend to 7x5 respectively. Only value symbols and pot symbols are active during the Spectacular Link™ feature. The symbols triggered the Spectacular Link™ feature remain on the reels on the same positions and all the other vanish. Randomly from 1 up to 3 reels cells are chosen for upgrades in Spectacular Link™ feature. The upgrade activates only when a symbol lands on the corresponding reels cell. When a symbol lands on Spinner or Whistle cell, random number of empty reels positions are filled with the same cash/pot value that landed on the cell. When a symbol lands on the Elimination cell, the x1 value symbol cannot land on the reels on the next spins. Spectacular Link™ feature starts with 3 spins and each time a new value symbol and/or pot symbol lands, it locks in place till the end of the Spectacular Link™ feature and the spin count resets back to 3. When total re-spin number reaches 20, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2. When total re-spin number reaches 40, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2 again. When there are no re-spins left or total re-spin number reaches 40, the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. If all cells are filled with symbols, the Grand (x500) pot or the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. The higher award is collected: e.g. if the total sum of all the landed value/pot symbols is higher than Grand pot, the sum of symbols is awarded. Spectacular Link Frenzy feature is not active when Spectacular Link™ feature is enabled. SPECTACULAR LINK FRENZY FEATURE Spectacular Link Frenzy feature is triggered when Frenzy symbol lands in view along with cash and/or pot symbols. Frenzy symbol collects values from cash and pot symbols and then transfers it to the balance. Value symbols are presented as coins. Possible value symbols are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x250), Grand (x500). When there are 2 or more Frenzy symbols on the reels, each Frenzy symbol collects the values from the same cash and pot symbols. Spectacular Link™ feature is not active when Spectacular Link Frenzy feature is enabled. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Lucky Pick feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Lucky Pick feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Gold pot symbols on the reels. Match 3 active Gold pot symbols on the reels to win the Lucky Pick feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Lucky Pick feature is played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Feature wins are added to ways wins. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Lucky Pick feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 9/10/2024