Spirit of Mustang Deluxe Spirit of Mustang Deluxe Game Help The wild Mustangs are on the move again and you can join the action of the migration when you play Spirit of Mustang Deluxe. Follow the herd as they gallop freely across the plains and through the canyons. This is a sight to behold and an adventure that can bring great rewards. Spirit of Mustang Deluxe with its 5x3 reels is filled with captivating fun and bonus features. The payouts start galloping in the base game with the Coin Collect feature that pays when a Collect symbol lands with a Cash Coin or Prize Coin symbol. The payouts continue flowing with the Respin feature which activates when 6 or more Coins land on the reels without a Collect symbol. Then, reel 5 respins for another shot at landing the Collect symbol. Keep the reels spinning for longer with 8 Free Spins that begin when 3 Scatters land, and the possibility of retriggering during the Free Spins. Win even more with the Pick Bonus that triggers randomly whenever a coin and collect symbol land. Saddle up and play Spirit of Mustang Deluxe! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Spirit of Mustang Deluxe has 25 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features COIN COLLECT During the base game or Free Spins, when a Collect symbol lands with a Cash Coin or Prize Coin symbol, the value of the Coin is awarded. RESPIN During base game or Free Spins, when 6 or more Coins land on the reels with no Collect symbol, reel 5 will respin once to increase the chance for the Collect symbol to land. FREE SPIN Scatter symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the base game and Free Spins. When 3 Scatter symbols land during the base game, it triggers 8 Free Spins. If 3 Scatter symbols land during the Free Spins, it awards an additional 8 Free Spins. PICK BONUS During the base game or Free Spins, the pick bonus triggers randomly when a coin and collect symbols land. In the Bonus game, pick to reveal Prize Coins with or without a multiplier. Possible multiplier values are: 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x. Revealing 3 matching Prize Coins awards the respective prize. If the 3 matching Prize Coins contain a multiplier, the corresponding prize is multiplied by the multiplier. Return to Player 96.01% Hit Rate 27.06% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Choose between 5 and 25 paylines to bet on by clicking on the up and down arrows next to the reels. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features All game features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature and with the same number of paylines. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 4/15/2025