Lucky Respin Game Overview Lucky Respin is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot featuring Stacked symbols, Wild substitutions and the Respin feature. The game is played with 10 lines (fixed). Wins pay only from left to right. All wins only occur on active lines. Line wins are a multiple of the line bet. Line wins from different lines are added. The Wild symbol substitutes every other symbol. The Wild symbol appears only on reel 2, 3 and 4. All values like credit, bets and wins are shown in currency. All values in the paytable are based on the current bet level. These values will be changed automatically if the bet level will be changed. Payouts according to the paytable are made only if the specified number of symbols is of a kind. RTP: 97.15 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Respin Feature Each time three Wild symbols appear on any reel, the reel holds for one free Respin. Three Wild symbols on any reel during Respin will initiate another Respin. Three Wild symbols on all five reels will finish the feature. During Respins the Wild symbol appears on all 5 reels. All prizes during Respin will be added to the winnings. Game Functions Button Function Press to start a new game Press while spinning to stop the reels immediately Press to activate / deactivate autoplay Press to set the maximum bet Press to increase the bet or the amount of lines Press to reduce the bet or the amount of lines Press to exit the game and return to the Casino main screen Press to view the help of the game Press to adjust the volume Press to access the game settings (see Game Settings Options) Press to view the paytable of the game Press to view the game rules Press to view the history of the game (not available when playing for fun) Press to go to the next page in the help or to go to the next entry in the history Press to go to the previous page in the help or to go to the previous entry in the history Press to return to the game NOTE: It is also possible to start a game or collect a win by pressing the SPACEBAR. Game Settings Options Button Function Press to enable / disable the fullscreen mode Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the info panel on the top of the game on the right side there is the game id visible. Each game has its unique game id. This game id should be used for requests to the support. In case of disconnection because of network issues or other failures the game will always continue on the last state where it was interrupted. The interrupted game must be completed within 90 days, after which it will be terminated automatically. Last modification date: 10/14/2020