Mystic Spirits GAME RULES Mystic Spirits is a 5 reels by 4 rows slot machine that offers 50 paylines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Winnings are calculated based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right, with the exception of the Shaman symbol, which can be combined in both directions. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Wolf Spirit. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If you obtain three, four or five Wolf Spirit symbols, grants, in addition to the payline awarded, a free spins feature with 10, 20 or 50 free spins, respectively. Each Wolf Spirit symbol may contain a value. In this case, said value will be added to the total free spins awarded in the feature. The maximum number of free spins you can get when entering the free spins feature is 300. The free spins feature is triggered independently of the win awarded from that spin. If you obtain three, four or five Wolf Spirit symbols during the feature, you will be awarded with 10, 20 or 50 free spins, respectively. Each Wolf Spirit symbol may contain a certain value. In this case, said value will be added to the total free spins awarded. The 'Free Spins Feature’ is played with special reels with more Wilds. The free spins feature is played at the same level of bet as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.1%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/20/2025