Leprechaun Riches GAME FEATURE Transform winning gold-framed symbols into Wild symbols with Wilds-on-the-Way Feature. WILDS-ON-THE-WAY During any spins, some symbols (excluding Wild symbol and Scatter symbol) in reels 2, 3, 4 and/or 5 that occupy 2 to 4 symbols' spaces may have a silver frame around itself. At every new round after the new symbols have cascaded down, any silver-framed symbol(s) that is involved in a win in the previous round will be transformed into a randomly selected symbol (other than Wild symbol and Scatter symbol) with a gold frame around itself. At every new round after the new symbols have cascaded down, any gold-framed symbol(s) that is involved in a win in the previous round will be transformed into 2 to 4 Wild symbols depending on the number of symbol spaces occupied by that gold-framed symbol. 1.1 - LEPRECHAUN RICHES Leprechaun Riches is a 6-reel, 6-row video slot featuring Wilds-on-the-Way and free spins with increasing multiplier. The theoretical return to player (RTP) for this game is 97.35 . This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. 1.2 - SUMMARY Refer to the table below for a quick overview of our summary table. Parameter Value Parameter Value Return to Player (RTP) Hit Rates Overall 97.35% Overall 33.73% Main Game 75.00% Main Game 33.43% Free Spins Feature 22.35% Free Spins Feature 0.30% Session Volatility Medium Big Win, Mega Win, Super Mega Win* 1/312, 1/1226, 1/1652 Reel Type Standard Spinning Reels Owner, Developer Pocket Games Soft (PG SOFT™) Reel, Lines 6 Reels, 576 - 46,656 Ways (Base Bet 20) Tested By Gaming Associates Bet Size 0.01, 0.05, 0.1 Supported Platforms iOS, Android, HTML5, MacOS, Windows Bet Level 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 Optimal Display Resolution 1080x2340 (Required aspect ratio 19.5:9) Default Minimum Bet EUR €0.20 Jurisdictions UK Gambling Commission (UKGC) Default Maximum Bet EUR €20 *Big Win bet multiplier is x20 to x35; Mega Win x35 to x50; Super Mega Win x50 Max Exposure (Simulated in 1 Billion Spins) 9893x Max Win (Advertised Value; Highest Win in ∞ Spins) 100000x 2.1 - SPLASH SCREEN & MAIN GAME The main game is started when the splash screen fades out. 2.2 - WILD SYMBOL Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 2.3 - WILDS-ON-THE-WAY During any spins, some symbols (excluding Wild symbol and Scatter symbol) in reels 2, 3, 4 and/or 5 that occupy 2 to 4 symbols' spaces may have a silver frame around itself. At every new round after the new symbols have cascaded down, any silver-framed symbol(s) that is involved in a win in the previous round will be transformed into a randomly selected symbol (other than Wild symbol and Scatter symbol) with a gold frame around itself. At every new round after the new symbols have cascaded down, any gold-framed symbol(s) that is involved in a win in the previous round will be transformed into 2 to 4 Wild symbols depending on the number of symbol spaces occupied by that gold-framed symbol. 2.4 - FREE SPINS FEATURE 4 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere will trigger the Free Spins Feature with 15 free spins. Each additional Scatter symbol will trigger 2 more free spins. At the start of the Free Spins Feature, the win multiplier is x1. During any free spin, if there are one or more winning symbols on the reels, after wins are paid and the new symbols have cascaded down, the win multiplier will be increased by 1 . Free spins can be retriggered. 3.1 - SYMBOL PAYOUT VALUES Some symbols (excluding Wild symbol and Scatter symbol) in reels 2, 3, 4 and/or 5 may occupy 2 to 4 symbols' spaces and each of these symbols will represent as a single symbol during payout calculations. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 3.2 - 576 - 46,656 Ways After the payout of every round is made, all winning symbols will explode allowing the symbols above them to cascade down for a new round. Additional winning combination will be tallied in every round until no more winning combination can be tallied. All wins shown in cash. 4.1 - MENU CONTROLS SPIN Tap to start spin at the current Base Bet, Bet Size and Bet Level. Tap the button or the game area during a spin to stop the reels. Press the key to start spin at the current Base Bet, Bet Size and Bet Level. (applicable to PC version only) Press and Hold key will continue game spins until it is released. (applicable to PC version only) STOP Tap to stop Auto Spin. The number on the button indicates the remaining number of spins for Auto Spin. MINUS Tap to reduce the Bet Amount. PLUS Tap to increase the Bet Amount. WALLET BALANCE Tap to display the balance of available wallets. BET AMOUNT Tap to display the Bet Options. Bet Size: Scroll to select the Bet Size. Bet Level: Scroll to select the Bet Level. Bet Amount: Scroll to select the Bet Amount. Max Bet: Tap to set Bet Size and Bet Level to maximum value. AUTO SPIN Auto Spin automatically plays the game for a selected number of spins. Tap on the values to select number of Auto Spins. Stop Auto Spin if balance decreases by (value speciﬁed by player): Auto Spin is automatically disabled when the balance is decreased by this value (in reference to the balance when the Auto Spin is initiated). Tap on More to display more options for Auto Spin. Stop Auto Spin if balance increases by (value speciﬁed by player): Auto Spin is automatically disabled when the balance is increased by this value (in reference to the balance when the Auto Spin is initiated). Stop Auto Spin if a single win exceeds (value speciﬁed by player): Auto Spin is automatically disabled when a single win exceeds this value. TURBO SPIN Tap to enable or disable the Turbo Spin which will reduce the duration of reel spins in the main game. SOUND Tap to turn sound ON or OFF. PAYTABLE Shows winning combinations and paytable. RULES Shows the game rules and button functions. HISTORY Shows details of the previous games played. Scroll down to the end to load more records. Tap to select the dates of games to be shown in History. WIN AMOUNT Tap to display the Game History. MORE SETTINGS Tap to access additional settings. CLOSE Tap to return to the Main Game. The maximum win from a single game is £ 200,000. Last modification date: 6/12/2020