Cup Glory GAME RULES Cup Glory Game Help The game is about to kick off! The atmosphere is electric, and the crowd is going wild. It’s time for you to warm up and join your teammates on the football pitch for what promises to be one of the most thrilling and rewarding matches ever. Now is your opportunity to win the cup and claim glory. Cup Glory is a 5x4 football-themed slot with 40 paylines and captivating features. The path to glory begins with the Shooting Wilds, that at random, are shot onto the reels during any spin. Shooting Wilds with multipliers on them are added together to help you score even bigger payouts. Strike it big when 3+ Scatters land and award up to 12 Free Spins that feature Sticky Wilds, plus the Shooting Wilds can occur at any time to boost the multipliers. The Free Spins can also be activated at any time with the Buy Free Spins option. The big game is about to begin! Play Cup Glory now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 40 winning lines in Cup Glory. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features SHOOTING WILDS During any random spin, random number of Wilds are shot onto the reels. Multipliers on the Wild symbols enhance possible win amount. FREE SPINS 3 or more Scatter symbols during the base game trigger Free Spins. During Free Spins, Wilds remain sticky on reels during remaining Free Spins. Wild will not appear on reel 1 during Free Spins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. The Free Spins feature ends when no more Free Spins remain or upon reaching the maximum payout. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY FREE SPINS 94.09% Return to Player 94.05% Hit Rate 27.03% Game Features BUY FREE SPINS The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 70x the current total bet. When buying the Free Spins feature, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters can hit randomly on the triggering spin. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per line is paid. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 5,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/24/2024