Gold's Guardian Legends are told of a secret vault deep in the mountains where incredible treasures are hidden. To ensure that only those who are worthy to enter the vault, a ferocious, fire breathing dragon stands guard. Now is your time to venture to this special and mythical place where you will find more gold and gems than you could ever dream of… if you are brave enough! Gold’s Guardian is a 5-reel slot with a unique 4,5,4,5,4 layout that is bursting with adventure and rewards. Fire up the action with the Bursting Wilds which transform reel positions into Wilds for thrilling payouts. Unleash the Free Spins feature by landing 3 or more Scatters to receive up to 20 Free Spins. To take the adventure to the next level, the Super Free Spins activate every 6th time the Free Spins feature is triggered. With the possibility of winning up to 25 Super Free Spins with even more Bursting Wilds, you’ll be reeling in the rewards in no time at all. Let the adventure begin! Play Gold’s Guardian now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Gold's Guardian. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Game Features BURSTING WILDS FREE SPINS SUPER FREE SPINS Return to Player 94.02% Hit Rate 14.06% Game Features BURSTING WILDS Dragon symbol adds a Locked Frame or transforms to a Wild when it appears inside a Locked Frame. When a Locked Frame transforms to a Wild, all adjacent Locked Frames transform into Wilds. The Locked Frame progress is saved per bet. Changing the bet resets the Locked Frame progress. Returning to a previous bet amount, restores the Locked Frame progress linked to that bet amount. FREE SPINS When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8, 12 or 20 Free Spins respectively. During the feature, 1 to 5 Locked Frames can randomly appear on the reels and they remain in their positions until they transform into Wilds. If the reels are full of Locked Frames, no more Locked Frames are added. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. SUPER FREE SPINS Every 6th time the Free Spins are triggered by landing 3,4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, it activates the Super Free Spins and awards 12, 15 or 25 Super Free Spins respectively. Before each Super Free Spin, a wheel will spin that awards 1 to 5 extra Locked Frames for that spin. The Locked Frames that are added to the reels, remain in their positions until they transform into Wilds. In addition, 4, 6, 8 or 10 Special Locked Frames will appear in a pattern formation and will play along with the Locked Frames to boost the winnings. If the reels are full of Locked Frames, no more Locked Frames are added. Super Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Super Free Spins are played at the average bet of the round that activated the Super Free Spins. *Average bet is not calculated during the Free Spins Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/20/2023