Dwarf Riches Hi-ho, hi-ho, off to find riches we go! Join the Dwarves on a mining expedition to find priceless riches. Travel deep into the magical mine, where everywhere you turn there are glittering jewels and gems. Grab a hardhat, pickaxe and shovel, and soon you’ll be reaping the rewards in this fun-filled adventure slot. Dwarf Riches is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with 25 paylines. Every spin has the potential to bring big rewards thanks to the Expanding Riches features. When a non-winning spin occurs in the base game, there is the possibility that symbols will expand to bring winning combinations. Landing 3 Scatter Wilds awards 8 Free Spins, that can be retriggered and award up to a massive 72 extra spins. The Dwarves are waiting for you. Start spinning and winning now with Dwarf Riches! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 25 winning lines in Dwarf Riches. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 Number of Reels and Rows 5X3 Game Features During the base game, there is a chance on non-winning spins that a random symbol will expand. Expanding symbols do not need to be adjacent on a payline to pay. Land 3+ Scatter Wilds to trigger 8 Free Spins. Free Spins start with a random Expanding Riches symbol. Land 3+ Scatter Wilds to retrigger 8 additional Free Spins up to 72 Free Spins. Retriggers also award an additional random Expanding Riches symbol up to a total of 9 Expanding symbols. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus FREE SPINS Feature 96.88% Return to Player 96.19% Hit Rate 29.88% BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Pay 100x total bet to play 8 Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 3/15/2023