Pot O'Gold Ever wondered if there really is a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow? How about Leprechauns, four leaf clovers and the legendary Irish luck? Well, now you can experience all of these for yourself in Pot O’Gold. Join the lucky Leprechaun for a magical journey with golden rewards! Pot O’Gold is a 3-row, 5-reel fantasy slot brimming with scintillating features. The Well of Wealth makes your winning multiplier wishes come true by picking a wishing well. Discover golden rewards by reaching the pot of gold in the Path of Gold bonus game with its generous multipliers of up to 1000x. The Well of Wealth and the Under the Rainbow bonus feature will have you doing an Irish jig of joy! Play Pot O’Gold now and let legendary Irish luck help you to uncover golden WINS! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Game Features Betting Lines - Select the amount of paylines to bet on. There are 20 paylines. Well of Wealth - 3 or more Well of Wealth symbols trigger the Well of Wealth pick a bonus feature which can award up to a x500 multiplier. Path of Gold - 3 or more Path of Gold symbols trigger the Path of Gold bonus feature which can award up to a x1000 multiplier. Under the Rainbow – 3 Under the Rainbow symbols on reels 2,3 & 4 triggers the Under the Rainbow bonus feature which can award up to a x500 multiplier. Return to Player 96.99% Hit Rate 47.62% Game Features Betting Lines Choose the number of paylines to bet on between 1 and 20 by clicking on the up and down arrows on the side of the reels. Well of Wealth Select a lucky well by clicking on it. You will then be awarded with the corresponding multiplier that is then multiplied by the total bet amount. The multiplier awarded is dependent on the number of symbols that triggered the bonus feature and vary from x2 - x500. Path of Gold Spin the wheel to move upwards towards the bigger multipliers. Continue spinning and progressing until the wheel lands on a collect sector or the top prize is reached. The player is then awarded with the final multiplier achieved. The multiplier options are dependent on the number of symbols that triggered the feature and vary from x1 - x1000. Under the Rainbow "Gold, silver, and bronze pots spin around the screen. When they come to a halt, the arrow will point to one pot. The player is then awarded with the multiplier from that pot. The award ranges from x50 - x500 the total bet." Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Choose the number of paylines to bet on between 1 and 20 by clicking on the up and down arrows on the side of the reels. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier. Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature and with the same number of paylines. Incomplete game sessions Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 8/19/2025