Asteroids Slot Game Description Go on an outer space adventure with Atari Asteroids Slot . With space shuttles, flying saucers, satellites and laser guns, this space slot has it all. Atari Asteroids slot is a 5-reel slot packed with winning features including: 720 ways to win, expanding wilds, sticky wilds and free spins. This immersive HD game has eye-catching graphics that will keep players entertained for hours and can be played in any desktop or mobile browser. Game Information Game ways: Ways are the possible patterns of symbols that result in a winning combination. In this game, there are 720 possible winning combinations, excluding scatter wins. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines \ Ways 720 Ways Number of Reels \ Rows 5 Main Game Features Expanding Wilds, Sticky Wilds Bonus Features Free Spins, Free Spins Amount 10; 20; 30 Return to Player 95% Hit Rate (Optional) Default Denominations By Vendor Full Screen Support Yes Sound Control Yes Mobile Support Yes Game Features Expanding Wilds When you receive a wild symbol on the bottom position of reels 2 or 4, the Wild symbol will expand to cover the entire reel thereby making all positions on that reel Wilds. Sticky Wild The Wild symbol can appear randomly anywhere on the reels in the main game and substitute for all symbols except Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on the payline. When a wild symbol is part of a winning combination, it becomes sticky (remains in its position) and you will get 1 re-spin. Free Games Mode Three or more Free Games symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activates the Free Games mode. Free Games Mode will also multiply your winnings on each round according to the list below: 3 symbols = 10 free spins rounds + 2X Win Multiplier 4 symbols = 20 free spins rounds + 5X Win Multiplier 5 symbols = 30 free spins rounds + 10X Win Multiplier Additional Free Games can be won if you get three or more Free Spins symbols during the Free Games mode. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the ' Bet ' Plus / Minus buttons, and press or 'Spacebar' to submit the bet and initiate the round. A second click on the or the 'Spacebar' will fast-forward the round to the round results, or in the case of multiple lines winning, will skip the win animation and start the next round. The round can also be initiated using 'Autobet \ Autoplay' . Payout Rules Winning combinations are determined according to a 720 ways pattern which represents the positions on each reel multiplied by the adjacent reel 3X4X5X4X3. Every 3 or more adjacent identical symbols generate a winning combination. Winning combinations are possible from both left-to-right and from right-to-left. In the case of a winning combination with the same symbols from both sides, only the highest win is counted. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the 'Info' button . All symbol multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by 50. Simultaneous wins on different ways are added together. All wins occur on the selected ways, excluding scatter wins. Payout Rules in Free Games Free Games are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Games. Free Games wins are added to any initial bet way wins. At the end of the Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Games. Free Games wins pay the total bet multiplied by the relevant multiplier. Game Controls Game Buttons Spin Starts a round Stop Stops the reels Skip Skips the win animations Autobet \ Autoplay Opens the autobet\ autoplay configuration Bet +/- Increases or decreases the bet amount Win Displays the current win amount and currency Balance Displays the player's current balance Volume Control (desktop only) Enables or mutes the sound Toggle Screen Size (desktop only) Opens and closes the game's full screen Home (optional) Directs the player to the website's home URL Cashier (optional, desktop only) Directs the player to the cashier or the 'My Account' page Help Opens the Help page. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings (desktop only) Opens the additional configuration screen Info Opens the info and paytable screens. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings Panel (desktop Only) Opens and closes the settings panel Autobet \ Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of lines and bet configuration. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Desktop To open the autobet \ autoplay, click on the icon next to the “SPIN” button. To set the autobet \ autoplay number of rounds, click on Change Autobet Rounds and choose your desired number of rounds from the list. To close the list, click on AUTOBETS above the number of rounds list. To set the autobet \ autoplay limits, click on the 'Plus' sign on the upper right corner to reveal the autobet options. To minimize the options, click on the 'Minus' sign on the upper right corner. To start the autobet \ autoplay, click the play button on the bottom left corner. Once clicked, the play button will change to a pause button that will allow you to pause the autobet whenever you choose. You can only pause in between rounds/spins and not while the round is in play. To close the autobet, click on the X sign on the upper right corner. During autobet play, the settings panel is closed. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Mobile To access autobet \ autoplay while playing from a mobile device, click on the autobet icon above the 'SPIN' button or click on the settings button on the bottom right corner and then on the autobet tab. To activate a limit, you will need to click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value on the right side ( in the case of 'Single Win', Win Limit' and Loss 'Limit' ) and click on the 'START' button on the bottom left corner. To exit the autobet \ autoplay screen without starting the autobet rounds, you will need to click the 'RETURN' button on the bottom right corner. After clicking on the 'START' button, the game will return to the main screen and the 'SPIN' button will show the autobet rounds counter. To stop the autobet \ autoplay, you will need to click on the autobet button again. Pausing the autobet is not possible in mobile mode. Autobet \ Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to the random wilds feature. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen and fade out after 5 seconds. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Loss Limit - "Loss limit reached" Win Limit - "Win limit reached" Single Win - "Single win reached" On a Win - "Win reached" Stop on a feature - "Feature reached" Autobet \ Autoplay Rules in the UK Players from the UK (under the UKGC regulation) that want to use the autobet \ autoplay function, have to first set a loss limit and the number of rounds. Any attempt without these two limits set, will result in these fields being highlighted in red until set. In addition to these regulatory requirements, the maximum number of autobet \ autoplay rounds is 25. Mobile Settings Screen The mobile game settings screen can be accessed by selecting the 'Settings' button on the bottom right corner. Entering the settings options will allow you to control various aspects of the game: Sounds - Control the 'Ambient Sounds' and 'Sound Effects'. They can be switched on\off by selecting the appropriate checkboxes. By default, the sounds are switched on. Game Play - Toggle the 'Full Screen' on\off. You can also adjust the 'Quality' on\off. (The quality option exists only in specific games) Reality Check The reality check control alerts you as to how much time you have spent playing the game. The time interval can set by visiting 'My Account' through the host casino's website. *The reality check is mandatory under the UKGC regulation. The popup message displays the amount of accumulated time spent in the game, from the moment the game is launched until the popup appears. The alert message will popup in the middle of the screen based on the defined time interval and will stay on the screen until you choose one of three actions: Continue - You will return to the game being played. Go to Account - You will be redirected to your user account on the host website. In desktop mode, your account will open in a new window\tab. On mobile, the game screen will change to your account and will exit the game. Quit Game - This will exit the game and return you to the game's lobby.