Majestic North GAME RULES Leave the hustle and bustle of city life behind and come and explore the majestic wilderness of Canada! As you trek, take in the clean, crisp air, and feast your eyes on the magnificent, lush landscapes, snow-capped mountains, and wild animals roaming free. This trip promises to be rewarding for your soul and your bankroll. Majestic North is a 5x4 slot with 1024 winning ways and captivating features. Start your adventure with the Feature Boost options to set your preferred volatility and extra features for when the Free Spins trigger. When 3 or more Scatters appear, it awards up to 20 Free Spins, and the possibility of an additional 20 Free Spins if more Scatters land during the feature. To elevate your Free Spins winnings, watch out for the Grizzly Bear Mask symbols that collect and then transform other animal symbols into the top-paying Grizzly symbol for bear-sized payouts. Ready for an adventure like never before? Play Majestic North now! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 1,024 ways to win in Majestic North. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 1,024 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Majestic Free Spins Landing 3,4 or 5 Scatters during the base game triggers 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. During the Majestic Free Spins; 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award +3, +10, +15 or +20 additional Free Spins respectively. Mask Symbols and Grizzly Bear Transformation are active during the Majestic Free Spins. The feature ends when the max win is reached or no Free Spin remains. Grizzly Bear Transformation This feature consisting of 4 Animal collection meter is only active during Free Spins. Each collection meter has 6 slots to be filled by Mask symbols. Mask symbols land together with Grizzly Bear symbol. After landing, each Mask symbol fills the animal collection meter by 1 slot. When all slots of an animal collection meter are filled, the corresponding high paying animal symbols transform into the Grizzly Bear symbols for the remaining Free Spins. Each completed collection awards +2 Free Spins. After all meters are filled, the collection ends. Return to Player 96.05% Return to Player (RTP) - LOW FEATURE BOOST 96.10% Return to Player (RTP) - MEDIUM FEATURE BOOST 96.06% Return to Player (RTP) - HIGH FEATURE BOOST 96.02% Hit Rate 26.24% Game Features Feature Boost The "Feature Boost" button is active in the base game only. Activate the Feature Boost anytime during the base game with the "Feature Boost" option. Choose an option to play and enjoy the unique options of the different features available Low Boost: Free Spins start with 1 upgraded symbol. Pay 1.25x total bet to activate this mode. Medium Boost: Free Spins start with 2 upgraded symbols. Pay 1.75x total bet to activate this mode. High Boost: Free Spins start with 3 upgraded symbols. Pay 2.25x total bet to activate this mode. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP This game features a win cap of 1,500x the bet made for the game round. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/28/2024