Golden Scrolls PAYTABLE Golden Scrolls is a 5x6 video slot with 20 bet lines. WILD SYMBOLS Golden Scrolls features three different types of Wild symbols. Each reel can only have one Wild symbol at a time. Wild symbol The Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the paytable. Expanding Wild symbol The Expanding Wild will expand downwards to the bottom of the grid. It will count as a Wild symbol on every position that it covers. For each symbol position it expands over, the multiplier increases by x1 up to a maximum of x6. Golden Expanding Wild symbol The Golden Expanding Wild will expand both upwards and downwards to cover the entire reel. It will always have the maximum multiplier of x6. If a winning combination includes more than one expanded Wild, the multiplier values will first be added together and then applied to the win. FREE SPINS Landing three Bonus symbols in the basegame awards 8 Free Spins. During Free Spins, there is a higher chance to land Wild symbols. Landing the +1-spin symbol awards one extra Free Spin for each +1-spin symbol landed. Landing the Super Bonus symbol during Free Spins, will upgrade the remaining Free Spins to Super Free Spins and award two extra spins. RULES & INFORMATION Golden Scrolls is 5 reel, 6 row slot with 20 bet lines. All 20 bet lines are always played. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.06% and maximum win is 18442x bet (based on 100000000000 test rounds). Only the highest win combination per bet line is paid. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Super Bonus symbols. The indicated Wild multiplier applies to any pay line in which it substitutes a symbol. Applicable wild multipliers are added together on a winning pay line. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 25 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet size. Click to disable the game sounds. Click to enable the game sounds. Click to view the Autoplay menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay. Click the + or – buttons to change the Bet size. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Click to disable the quick spin. Click to enable the quick spin. Tab List Tab Function View the Paytable of the game. Modify the settings of the game. Last modification date: 6/25/2024