Jack In The Box Game Overview Game Description Jack in the Box brings all your favorite cute and cuddly Jack in the Box characters to life in an adventure filled 6-reel, 100-line video slot. Jack in the Box slot has free spins, expanding wilds, sticky wilds, an entertaining bonus game and much more, to keep you entertained for hours. Game Information Game paylines: General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines \ Ways 100 (Fixed) / 40 in free spins (Fixed) Number of Reels \ Rows 6 reels Main Game Features Mega Symbols - 4x4 variations of payout symbols over reels 2-5, "?" box symbol can become any payout symbol or wild, Jack in the box bonus game symbols Jack in the box Bonus game Features 6 possible payouts: X15 total bet 50 free spins, winning bonus symbols increase total payout multiplier by 1 for remaining rounds 20 free spins, all payouts X2 15 free spins, all payouts X3 10 Free spins, all payouts X5 Jack on Fire - 7 free spins in which all wilds get locked and bonus wins increase the base payout multiplier by 1 for all remaining spins;"?" symbols appearing will win 1 free spins per symbol Free Spins Amount 7 to 50 free spins Return to Player 95.52% Hit Rate (Optional) 20.28% Default Denominations By Vendor Full Screen Support Yes Sound Control Yes Mobile Support Yes Main Game Features The jack in the box "?" symbol: The "?" symbol hides a multiplier symbol or wild. It can appear on any reel. Once all the reels have stopped, the "?" symbol will reveal its hidden symbol. All the "?" symbols in a given round will turn into the same symbol (multiplier or wild) Mega Symbols: Mega symbols are a 4x4 variation of the normal size multiplier payout symbols and the wild symbol. The Jack in the Box "?" symbol also has a 4x4 variation. Over the reels there is a dedicated mega symbol for all non-royal symbols, which can appear over reels 2-5. Mega symbols might stop to appear covering the reels partially or fully, except the "?" mega symbol which can only appear fully. The "?" mega symbol hides as described above, a 4x4 variation of every multiplier symbol, including royals, as well as a wild symbol. Jack in the Box Bonus Game Two Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1 and 6 will trigger the 'Jack in the Box' bonus game feature. The game will transition to the bonus game where the you will choose to open boxes containing special awards symbols. Once you match 3 symbols from the boxes you opened, you will receive that special award. The awards are: A cash prize - X15 your total bet 10 Free spins - all payouts are X5 15 Free spins - all payouts are X3 20 Free spins - all payouts are X2 50 Free spins - all payouts are X1, but if the bonus symbols appear over reels 1&6 during the free spins, the base multiplier for all payouts will increase by 1 for that round and any remaining free spins. 7 'Jack on Fire' free spins - Base multiplier for payouts increases by 1 for bonus symbols appearing over reels 1&6 and all wilds get locked for the remaining spins, and every "?" symbol appearing on the reels will give an additional free spin. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the ' Bet ' Plus / Minus buttons, and press or 'Spacebar' to submit the bet and initiate the round. A second click on the or the 'Spacebar' will fast-forward the round to the round results, or in the case of multiple lines winning, will skip the win animation and start the next round. The round can also be initiated using the 'Autobet \ Autoplay' . Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. <> A line win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by the bet per line amount. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the 'Info' button . All symbols multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by the number of paylines. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways, excluding scatter wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout Rules in Free Games Free Games (Free Spins features) are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Games. Free Games wins are added to any initial bet per line wins. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Games Spins. Autobet \ Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of line and bet configuration. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Desktop To open the autobet \ autoplay, click on the icon next to the “SPIN” button. To set the autobet \ autoplay number of rounds, click on Change Autobet Rounds and choose your desired number of rounds from the list. To close the list, click on AUTOBETS above the number of rounds list. To set the autobet \ autoplay limits, click on the 'Plus' sign on the upper right corner to reveal the autobet options. To minimize the options, click on the 'Minus' sign on the upper right corner. To start the autobet \ autoplay, click the play button on the bottom left corner. Once clicked, the play button will change to a pause button that will allow you to pause the autobet whenever you choose. You can only pause in between rounds/spins and not while the round is in play. To close the autobet, click on the X sign on the upper right corner. During autobet play, the settings panel is closed. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Mobile To access Autobet while playing from a mobile device, click on the autobet icon above the 'SPIN' button or click on the settings button on the bottom right corner and then on the autobet tab. To activate a limit, you will need to click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value on the right side ( in the case of 'Single Win', Win Limit' and Loss 'Limit' ) and click on the 'START' button on the bottom left corner. To exit the autobet \ autoplay screen without starting the autobet rounds, you will need to click the 'RETURN' button on the bottom right corner. After clicking on the 'START' button, the game will return to the main screen and the 'SPIN' button will show the autobet rounds counter. To stop the autobet \ autoplay, you will need to click on the autobet button again. Pausing the autobet is not possible in mobile mode. Autobet \ Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen and fade out after 5 seconds. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Loss limit - "Loss limit reached" Win Limit - "Win limit reached" Single Win - "Single win reached" On a Win - "Win reached" Stop on a feature - "Feature reached" Last modification date: 6/21/2022