Bier Party Bier Party Game Help Take some time off and join the festivities of a traditional German Bierfest. Bier Party slot is all about having a festive time as you enjoy tasty beers, delicious food and jolly music. This fun filled adventure slot is packed with features that will have you dancing with joy in no time at all. Bier Party is a 30 payline slot with bubbly golden features. To kick-start the winnings, the Power Pay feature randomly rewards multipliers, wilds, credits or respins. Bier Party also boasts 3 different Free Spins features, including Beer Guzzling Free Spins that has a built in bonus mini-game, Smash Hit Free Spins that offer accumulated multipliers and the Food Fest Free Spins, where Wild symbols expand across the rows for more winning combinations. Plus, to boost the payouts, there are 5 potential jackpots too! Play Bier Party now and enjoy a party of wins, fun and entertainment! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 30 winning lines in Bier Party. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 30 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Power Pay Free Spins Jackpots Return to Player 96.26% Hit Rate 38.58% Game Features Power Pay One or more Power Pay symbols trigger the feature which awards either random Credits, a Wild Reel, Multipliers or Respins. Credits: A random amount of credits is awarded for each Power Pay symbol and added to the total win from the round that triggered the feature. Wild Reel: All symbols on the reels where the Power Pay symbols appeared and all symbols on the reels to the right are replaced with wilds. The winning combinations are then paid. Multipliers: The Power Pay symbols on the reels are wild and award a random multiplier, ranging from x3 to x10. If there is more than one multiplier, they are added together. The Wild substitutes for all symbols excluding the free spins symbols. The win amount from the round that triggered the feature is then multiplied by the multiplier value. Respins: The Power Pay symbols on the reels each award between 1 and 2 respins that are then added together. The respins then take place and all wins from the respins are added to any initial winnings that triggered the round. Free Spins When 3 Accordion scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, it triggers the Free Spins feature. The player is then presented with 3 Free Spins options to choose from. Each Free Spin option awards 5 Free Spins with its own unique characteristics as follows: Bier Guzzling Free Spins During the Free Spins, one or more barrel symbols will appear. The total number of barrel symbols during the Free Spins is accumulated. At the end of the Free Spins the Bier Guzzling mini-game is triggered. Based on the number of barrel symbols collected, the player may shoot the corresponding number of beer mugs on the screen, and each one will reveal a win amount. The total win amount is calculated as Free Spin wins + Mini-game wins. The barrel symbols are available only during the Bier Guzzling Free Spins feature. Smash Hit Free Spins Mallet symbols may appear during the Free Spins. Each time a mallet symbol appears it increases the multiplier value by 1. The accumulated multiplier value can be seen above the reels. For each free spin round, the win amount is multiplied by the accumulated multiplier value. The mallet symbols are available only during the Smash Hit Free Spins Feature. Food Fest Free Spins During the Free Spins, one or more Pretzel Wild symbols may appear on reel 5 in any position. Each Pretzel Wild symbol then expands horizontally over the entire row and converts all symbols in that row into a wild symbol to form winning combinations. The Pretzel Wild symbols are available only during the Food Fest Free Spins Feature. Jackpots When 5 or more Beer Mug symbols appear at the same time anywhere on the reels, it awards the corresponding jackpot displayed above the reels. Jackpots are progressive with each bet contributing towards the progression: 5 Beer Mug Symbols = 5x multiplier of the bet amount 6 Beer Mug Symbols = 10x multiplier of the bet amount 7 Beer Mug Symbols = 25x multiplier of the bet amount 8 Beer Mug Symbols = 50x multiplier of the bet amount 9 Beer Mug Symbols = 100x multiplier of the bet amount When 3 or 4 Beer Mug symbols appear at the same time anywhere on the reels, the payouts are as follows: 3 Beer Mug Symbols = 1x multiplier of the bet amount 4 Beer Mug Symbols = 3x multiplier of the bet amount *Progressive amount – see the “Payout rules in Features” section below. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. How the progressive amounts are calculated: Each progressive jackpot increases incrementally every time a bet is placed. The increment is added to the base progressive jackpot amount, which is a fixed multiplier of the total bet. When a jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot resets back to the base amount. Beer Mug Symbols Progressive Increment % 5 0.40% 6 0.30% 7 0.15% 8 0.10% 9 0.05% Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/25/2023