Super 20 Stars GAME RULES Super 20 Stars is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. They also offers a win equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for them to be on a winning line. Get 3 to 9 Silver Super 5 Stars symbols and multiply your bet by 100. Get 3, 4 or 5 Gold Super 5 Stars symbols and multiply your bet by 200. CRYSTAL SYMBOLS A glowing star in the lower section of the reels will launch the Crystal Symbol feature. The first glowing star indicates the reel where the symbol will become crystallised. When the reels finish falling, a star may light up randomly to the right-hand side. This star indicates the chosen row where the symbol will be crystalised. After two stars light up, a panel with multipliers will appear to the left of the reels. The symbol at the intersection of the row and reel identified by the glowing stars will be transformed into a Crystal symbol. Then all of the other symbols of the same type will also crystallise, transforming and providing wins even if they are not in the payline. After all the same symbols are transformed during the first crystallisation, a multiplier will be randomly chosen from the side panel, which will then be applied to the win from the crystal symbols. The crystallised symbols will provide wins on any position of the played lines, according to the win table. Super 15 progress bar Each non-winning spin will be added to the progress bar. Also, each time a spin does not produce a win, 0.075% of the total cost of that spin will be added to the progressive win amount. Stars Fusion Minigame After 135 non-winning spins, the progress bar will fill up and grant the player access to the 'Star Merge mini game'. The amount in play will be what has been accumulated in the progressive win amount. You will initially be awarded 3 spins and 7 Super 15 symbols of the lowest win value, randomly placed in the reels. The backsym symbol may also appear in the reels. If this happens, it will spin and then remain fixed in place throughout the minigame. If at least one backsym symbol appears in a spin, the number of remaining spins will revert back to 3. Click the spin_mini button for each spin. After each spin, the backsym symbols will merge together in the best way possible to form a combination with the highest total payment. Each backsym symbol may only be merged once in each spin. The amount displayed for each merge is its initial value multiplied by the accumulated progressive amount. Once the mini game is finished, the amounts displayed for all the merges will be combined to grant the total win. The mini game will finish when there are no more spins left, or when the reels have been completely filled. The GRAND prize will be awarded when all the reels have been filled with backsym symbols. SUPER 12 STARS SYMBOL The Super 12 symbol only appears on the central reel and takes up three positions on the reel. When that symbol appears completely in a spin, in other words, when it occupies all of the central reel, entry into the “Lucky Stars” feature will be granted. After the Super 12 Stars symbol appears, it is converted into 3 stars which are held in place and you get 3 free spins. Each additional star will be held in place and the counter will restart at 3 free spins. It will finish when the spins run out or when all of the reels are filled with stars. During the Lucky Stars feature, you can get Minor, Major and Grand prizes. Once the feature has finished, all the values of the starts will be added together. The stars with value ‘Minor’ and ‘Major’ are equivalent to the quantity of their respective prizes. If all of the reel positions contain a star the GRAND prize will be given. Minor, Major and Grand prizes aren't progressive wins, they are normal wins whose amount doesn't change from a previous play by you or any other user. SUPER 10 STARS SYMBOL The Super 10 Stars symbol launches the 'FRENZY' feature. If the Super 10 Stars symbol appears covering the full extent of the reel it will transform into a one reel Mini-Slot with new symbols to multiply your bet per line, get instant free spins or launch the new 'FRENZY' Wheel Minigame to multiply your total bet up to x100. You can get instant Free Spins, multiply your bet per line or access the "FRENZY Wheel Minigame" with the Super 10 Mini-Slot. 'FRENZY' WHEEL MINIGAME In the "FRENZY Wheel Minigame" you choose a colour (blue or yellow), then the wheel will spin. When it stops, if your chosen colour is the same as the result of the spin, the associated multiplier will be applied and play will continue until you choose the wrong colour or until you get a maximum x100 multiplier. If you have chosen the right colour, the multiplier is applied to your total and you can choose to spin again. If you choose the wrong colour, the multiplier adds to your total and the Minigame ends. SUPER 7 STARS WILD RESPIN It appears in the centre reel and expands to occupy it entirely, becoming a WILD. Then it remains stationary and launches a respin on the other reels. WHEEL FEATURE The Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Three wheel symbols provide a turn of the wheel. The win obtained on the Wheel multiplies the value of the cost of the line that activated the feature. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols provide a free spins feature. The amount of free spins as well as multiplier for all of the wins during this feature is determined by the result of the previous mini game. During this feature, all of the wins obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini game. During this feature, three Bonus symbols give the same amount of additional spins obtained in the mini game that activated the current feature, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in total. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played with special reels, without a golden Scatter or Wheel symbols. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.4%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/20/2025