Emberfall Paytable Emberfall is an Avalanche Scatter Pays video slot with a 6x6 symbol grid. The game features a Progressive win multiplier and Giant symbols. The maximum win is 15000x bet! Avalanche All symbols which are part of a win, explode and leave space for additional symbol drops. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning symbol combinations appear. Each Avalanche win is added to the total win of the game round. Scatter Pays A win consists of at least 8 instances of the same symbol appearing on the screen. Winning symbols explode, and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. Progressive Win Multiplier Each Avalanche win doubles the win multiplier. The win multiplier is reset at the beginning of each new game round. The Progressive Win Multiplier is capped at x65536. Multiplier Boost The Multiplier Boost feature has a chance of activating at the start of each game round. Once activated, the progessive Win Multiplier increases a random number of steps. Giant Symbols At the beginning of each new game round, or at the end of a game round when no more wins are present, 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 giant symbols may randomly appear on the grid. 2x2, 3x3 and 4x4 giant symbols count as 4, 9 and 16 of the same symbol type, respectively. Free Spins Bonus Landing 3 Bonus symbols in the base game awards 8 Free Spins. During the Free Spins Bonus the Win Multiplier does not reset until the end of the Free Spins Bonus. The Win Multiplier in the Free Spins Bonus starts from x1. Bonus symbols are not present during the Free Spins Bonus. Super Free Spins Bonus Landing 2 Bonus symbols along with a Super Bonus symbol will trigger the Super Free Spins Bonus, and 8 Super Free Spins will be awarded. During the Super Free Spins Bonus, a Giant Symbol is guaranteed to appear on every spin. The features from the Free Spins Bonus are also present in the Super Free Spins Bonus. Rules & Information Emberfall is an Avalanche Scatter Pays video slot with a 6x6 symbol grid. Winning combinations are formed by 8+ identical symbols on the reels. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.10% and maximum win is 15000x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 15000x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 23 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 5/21/2025