Million Dracula GAME RULES MILLION DRACULA is a slot machine with 6 reels and up to 10 rows, with as many as one million ways to win and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a way has more than one win, this way will be rewarded with the combination that produces the biggest win. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus symbol. At the start only the 3 lower rows will be displayed after each spin. If the player gets a win, a new row will be revealed above, and if they obtain new ways with symbols that have already won, the upper rows will continue to be revealed one by one. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE 3 bonus symbols give 8 free spins, 4 bonus symbols give 12 free spins and 5 and 6 bonus symbols give 16 free spins. During the free spins feature, 4 rows are revealed straightaway at the start of the spin. New rows are revealed 2 at a time in the event of a win. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played on special reels without Bonus symbols. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 4 extra free spins are triggered. This will only be activated once during each free spin feature. The free spins feature is played at the same level of bet as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/26/2025