Spinberry Stepper Spinberry Stepper Game Help Welcome to the world of traditional slot gaming with Spinberry Stepper. Designed for players who appreciate dynamic play without distractions, Spinberry Stepper offers a minimalistic yet stylish interface, complemented by attention grabbing sound effects. The mechanics of the game and its features are also created in perfect symbiosis. The Spinberry Multiplier feature, like a charged sphere, can multiply bets by x2, x3, or x5. It multiplies numbers on the payline, guaranteeing the player a bumper win. Watch the traditional Stepper Reel spin with excitement and increase the level of victory. Embrace the elegance of classic slots enhanced by modern twists and exclusive features that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Spin, win, and multiply your excitement with Spinberry Stepper! General Information During the game digit symbols from 0-9 and Spinberry Multiplier symbol are active. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 1 across the middle Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Return to Player 93.17% Game Features Spinberry Multiplier Feature Spinberry Multiplier feature is triggered when Spinberry Multiplier symbol lands on the reel 1 or 2 on the payline. Possible multipliers are x2, x3 and x5. Spinberry Multiplier symbol multiplies the digit symbols on payline then total multiplier multiplies the stake and the winnings are awarded. Single Spinberry Multiplier symbol on payline on the first reel just multiplies the stake. The feature is not active if there is no digit symbol or Spinberry Multiplier symbol on the first reel. Spinberry Multiplier symbol is not available on the third reel. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules All awards pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Spinberry Multiplier feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 10/8/2024