Golden Lucky Fortune Golden Lucky Fortune Game Help Experience the allure of the Far East in "Golden Lucky Fortune" – a captivating slot game that immerses you in the realm of Asian luck and enchantment. With its rich tapestry of characters, including the graceful Koi fish, the beckoning Lucky cat, the auspicious red envelopes, the mystical golden turtle, and the serene presence of Buddha, this game is a journey into a world filled with ancient wisdom and boundless riches. What truly sets "Golden Lucky Fortune" apart is its ground-breaking and unparalleled mechanic, an innovative feature that will guide players towards unprecedented winnings. Prepare to be amazed as this unique Feature unveils itself, revealing hidden paths to incredible rewards. Embark on this unforgettable adventure and let the winds of fortune carry you to unimaginable winnings. General Information There are 243 winning ways in Golden Lucky Fortune. All awards (except scatters) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. General nformation Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 95.13% Feature Spin™ RTP 95.16% Buy Feature RTP 95.35% Game Features SYMBOL SWAP FEATURE Losing spin randomly gives an opportunity to swap two symbols that are on the reels in order to turn the losing spin into a winning spin. Select symbols symbol to swap them. Click the selected symbol once again to cancel the choice. Click Autopick button or Spin button to automatically select the symbols to swap to create the best payment combination. If no selection is made, symbol swap feature will time out and create the best payment combination. REEL SWAP FEATURE Losing spin randomly gives an opportunity to swap two reels in order to turn the losing spin into a winning spin. Select reels to swap them. Click the selected reel once again to cancel the choice. Click Autopick button or Spin button to automatically select the reels to swap to create the best payment combination. If no selection is made, reel swap feature will time out and create the best payment combination. WILD SELECTOR FEATURE Losing spin randomly gives an opportunity to turn a symbol on the reels into wild symbol in order to turn the losing spin into a winning spin. A dapple occurs around the reels positions. Click Stop button to stop the dapple and where the dapple stops, that symbol turns into wild symbol. The dapple moves only to reel positions that will turn the losing spin into a winning spin. If no selection is made, Wild Selector feature will time out and randomly stop the dapple. FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins feature is triggered by 3 Free Spins symbols on reels 1-2-3. Free Spins feature is 10 Free Spins containing picture symbols only. No Free Spins symbols available during Free Spins feature. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. TEMPLE FEATURE Temple feature is triggered by 3, 4 or 5 Buddha symbols. Temple feature presents Buddha boxes that reveal stake multipliers and advances to next level. Temple feature starts with 4 picks from the bottom level. When advance to next level is picked, a new level unlocks and an additional pick is awarded. Only upper level is active for selecting. The boxes from lower levels cannot be selected. The feature ends when no picks are left or all boxes on the top level are selected. Total winnings are paid at the end of the feature. Temple feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on Temple feature pop-up or after time out. If no selection is made, Temple feature will time out and randomly select an active box. POTS OF LUCK FEATURE Pots of Luck feature is randomly triggered when Wild symbol lands on the reels. Pots of Luck feature presents 12 boxes that contain 4 types of pots. Fixed winning amount is awarded when 3 matching symbols have been revealed. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x25), Minor (x50), Major (x100), Grand (x200). Pots of Luck feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on Pots of Luck feature pop-up or after time out. If no selection is made, the Pots of Luck feature will time out and randomly select a box. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature or Temple feature (to choose from) instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature or Temple feature (to choose from). During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only scatters symbols on the reels. Match 3 Grape symbols on the reels to win Free Spins feature or Temple feature (to choose from). Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature, Temple feature and Pots of Luck feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/19/2024