Gods of ireland GAME RULES GODS OF IRELAND is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Bells are scatter symbols, so they can award wins without needing to appear in consecutive reels. The Lorg Anfaid symbol only appears in the central reel and triggers the Green Fairy Wilds feature, where fairies randomly turn symbols Wild. The Bonus symbols may be split in two, counting as double and granting access to the free spins feature. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. DAGDA COINS The DAGDA symbol appears in the center reel and when it appears in full it triggers the Dagda Coins mini-game. The DAGDA symbol that launches the minigame will be turned into 3 silver coins with a random value or a MINI, MINOR or MAJOR win. These coins will be locked in place and the player will be initially awarded 3 respins. IRISH LUCK The Rainbow pot symbol launches the Irish Luck minigame when it’s displayed complete in the central reel. There are 8 cards available: 6 advances and 2 collects. Each advance increases the multiplier and allows you to draw another card. The minigame ends when you pick a “collect” card, and the total win is calculated as the amount in the collect card by the multiplier final value. MINIGAME If you obtain 3 clover symbols in any position within reels 1, 3 and 5, the minigame will be launched. The minigame has 3 reels and 1 payline. Every position contains collect cards and multipliers. The win obtained is the sum of the collect cards obtained after the spin, multiplied by each of the multipliers obtained. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols provide a free spins feature. The amount of free spins as well as multiplier for all of the wins during this feature is determined by the result of the previous mini game. During this feature, all of the wins obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini game. During this feature, three Bonus symbols give the same amount of additional spins obtained in the mini game that activated the current feature, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in total. The free spins feature is played on special reels with no LORG ANFAID, DAGDA or CLOVER symbols. If, upon ending the "Free Spins Bonus Feature", the total win is less than 12 times the bet which activated the feature, 4 additional free spins are obtained. Additional spins will continue to be awarded until the total win of the feature exceeds said minimum of 12 times the bet. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.4%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10,000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 10,000 million games was 1087.4 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:10000000000. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/9/2025