Mystic Mirror Game Rules Mystic Mirror is a slot machine with 3 rows that has 10 lines, a free spins phase and the chance to play with 5 or 6 reels. The PLAY button makes the spin with 10 lines and the total selected bet (alternatively you can also press the space bar). By pressing AUTOSPIN you will automatically play with the selected number of spins. If a line can give more than one prize, that line will be awarded with the combination that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and payments will be decided according to the PRIZE TABLE. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol. It also acts as a scatter, providing a prize according to the total amount that appear in in the spin, without the need for them to be on a prize line. Lastly, three or more Wild symbols provide a phase with 10 free spins. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a down- ward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. Clicking on the Activate button activates or deactivates the function of the sixth reel. When the sixth reel is activated, the cost of the bet doubled, in exchange for access to bigger prizes thanks to the combinations of six of the same symbols. RTP 95.20% FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three or more Wild symbols provide a phase with 10 free spins. Upon entering the phase, a symbol will be selected at random that will act as a special symbol during the entire "Free Spins Bonus Feature". During the "Free Spins Bonus Feature", after showing the prizes for the regular combination, 3 or more appearances of the special symbol chosen in the prior mini game will expand in order to cover the three positions of its reel. The special symbols do not need to be next to one another in order to form a winning combination. During the "Free Spins Bonus Feature", three or more Wild symbols provide 10 additional free spins, as well as the choice of an additional special symbol. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played with special reels. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activa- ted the phase. BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. SCREENSHOTS FREE SPINS FEATURE SPECIAL SYMBOL SPECIAL SYMBOL ADDITIONAL FREE SPINS EXTRA REEL The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020