Wildfire Wildfire is a 5 bet line slot machine featuring Near-win Re-spin and Free Spins with a Golden Wild. Near-win Re-spin The Near-win Re-spin feature appears if two reels contain six identical symbols but there is no win. A free Re-spin of the reel containing non-matching symbols is awarded giving a second chance to win. The Near-win Re-spin feature is active in both the main game and during Free Spins. Wild Joker The Joker symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. The Joker substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the paytable. The Wild Joker symbol appears both in the main game and in Free Spins. Golden Wild The Golden Wild symbol only appears during Free Spins. The Golden Wild symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols and pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the paytable. Each Golden Wild symbol awards a x1 win multiplier which are accumulated during the Free Spin session. Golden Wilds on reel 1 and 3 award one additional Free Spin. Free Spins Scatter symbols on reel 1 and 3 activate Free Spins. The number of Free Spins (3, 4, 5, 7 or 10) is determined by the “Wheel of Free Spins”. Scatter symbols are not present during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level as the round activating Free Spins. Rules & Information Wildfire is a 3 reel, 3 row slot with 5 bet lines. All 5 bet lines are always played. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.11% and maximum win is 1875x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 1875x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. Only the highest win combination per bet line is paid. A symbol can be used in multiple winning combinations. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 15 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 4/23/2024