Scrolls of Aphrodite Scrolls Of Aphrodite Game Help The ancient Greek goddess Aphrodite, renowned for love, beauty, pleasure and passion is ready to bestow upon you great riches and rewards. As you spin the reels, you will come face to face with Zeus and Ares, who will determine if you are worthy to receive valuable blessing from a goddess like Aphrodite. This is an adventure you will never forget. Scrolls of Aphrodite is a 5-reel, 4-row slot that is packed with rewarding and entertaining features. Whenever a Wild symbol lands, it adds a Locked Frame to its position and remains there until the full reel has Locked Frames. Then, the entire reel transforms into a Sticky Expanded Wild and awards 3 Sticky Expanded Wild Respins. Landing 3 scatter symbols triggers 12 Free Spins with guaranteed Sticky Expanded Wild Respins, multipliers up to 8X and so much more. Aphrodite is ready to make your dreams come true. Play Scrolls of Aphrodite now! General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 1024 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Sticky Expanded Wild Respins Feature Free Spins Return to Player 96.44% Hit Rate 18.13% Game Features Scrolls Of Aphrodite is a 5-reel, 4-row, 1024 ways video slot featuring a Sticky Expanded Wild Respins Feature and Free Spins. Sticky Expanded Wild Respins Feature Wild adds a Locked Frame to the reel position When all positions on a single reel have a Locked Frame (lit frame) around them, the entire reel transforms into a Sticky Expanded Wild and triggers the Sticky Expanded Wild Respins Feature. 3 respins are awarded. When a new Wild appears, the respins counter resets to 3. The Sticky Expanded Wild and the Locked Frames remain for the duration of the feature. Reels covered with Locked Frames convert into a Sticky Expanded Wild and may award more prizes. The respins feature ends when no more respins remain or all reels are Sticky Expanded Wilds. If no wins are achieved during the Sticky Expanded Wild Respins feature, a consolation prize of 2x the bet is awarded. All prizes are calculated and paid at the end of the feature. Locked Frame positions are reset when the bet is changed. Returning to a previous bet amount will restore the Locked Frames linked to that bet amount. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins feature and awards 12 Free Spins. The Sticky Expanded Wild Respins can be triggered during the Free Spins. Guaranteed Sticky Expanded Wild Respins feature during the Free Spins. During the Free Spins, if no full reel of Locked Frames occurs to trigger the Sticky Expanded Wild Respins feature, then the reel which is closest to being full is completed automatically, and then triggers the Sticky Expanded Wild Respins Feature. If two or more reels have the same number of Locked Frames, then the leftmost reel is chosen. A random multiplier of 2x up to 8x is applied to all the Sticky Expanded Wild Respins winnings when the feature occurs during the Free Spins. A new multiplier is activated when another reel converts to a Sticky Expanded Wild. During the Free Spins and the Sticky Expanded Wild Respins, the Scatter symbol does not appear. Locked Frames from the base game do not carry over into the Free Spins. Locked Frames collected during the Free Spins feature are cleared before returning to the base game, and the Locked Frames that were on the reels before the Free Spins began are restored. Locked Frames from the base game are kept in place for the Respins feature. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, ided by 10, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. The Free Spins feature ends when no more Free Spins remain or upon reaching the maximum payout. Malfunction voids all pays. Win up to 5,000x! Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 11/3/2022