Sultan's Palace Fortune Sultan's Palace Fortune Game Help The Sultan awaits your arrival at his palace, where you will be treated like royalty. As the Sultan's guest of honour, he will bestow upon you great treasures, but first, you need to prove you are worthy of such riches. Your Arabian adventure, filled with excitement and great fortune is about to begin. Sultan's Palace Fortune is a 3-reel, 3-row slot that transports you to a magical Arabian palace. The Sultan's Treasure feature activates when 3 or more Scatters land and award respins with sticky wilds and generous cash prizes. Landing a Gems Scatter symbol during the Sultan's Treasure feature, initiates the Bonus Mini Games that bring even more respins, wilds, expanded sticky wilds and epic multipliers for fortunes of fun and payouts. Play Sultan's Palace Fortune Now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 9 winning lines in Sultan's Palace Fortune. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 9 lines Number of Reels and Rows 3X3 Game Features Sultan's Treasure Feature Return to Player 96.06% Hit Rate 31.11% Sultan's Treasure Feature Sultan's Palace Fortune is a 3-reel, 3-row, 9 winning lines video slot with an Sultan's Treasure Feature. Sultan's Treasure Feature When 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Sultan's Treasure Feature 3 respins are awarded. During the feature, the triggering Scatter symbols remain locked in their positions. Every time one or more new Scatter symbols appear on the reels during the feature, the respins counter resets to 3. The new Scatter symbols also become locked in their positions until the feature ends. The Sultan's Treasure Feature ends when no more respins remain or all reels are Scatter symbols. The prizes displayed on all of the Scatter symbols are then awarded. The Diamond, Ruby and Emerald Scatter symbols trigger the Bonus Mini Games. Each prize and / or mini game is awarded in the order that they appear on the reels Diamond - Bonus Mini Game: Middle reel is covered with an Expanded Sticky Wild. Reels 1 & 3 spin until a winning combination is awarded. 2-10 respins occur with the same winning combinations for extra payouts. Ruby - Bonus Mini Game: An extra respin is awarded with 5 - 9 random Wilds. Emerald - Bonus Mini Game: Keep spinning till a win is achieved. The win is then multiplied up to 30x. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Features. Feature wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 3/5/2024