Hottest Fruit 20 Game Overview Hottest Fruits 20 is a 5 reel, 3 row fruit slot featuring Stacked symbols, Scatter symbols and Wild substitutions. The game is played with 20 lines (fixed). Wins pay only from left to right. All wins only occur on active lines (except scatter wins). Only the highest line win is paid on each line played. Line wins are a multiple of the line bet. Line wins from different lines are added. Scatter wins are a multiple of the total bet. Scatter wins are added to the line wins. The Wild symbol substitutes every other symbol except the Scatter symbol. The Star symbol is a scatter symbol and pays on any position. All values like credit, bets and wins are shown in currency. All values in the paytable are based on the current bet level. These values will be changed automatically if the bet level will be changed. Payouts according to the paytable are made only if the specified number of symbols is of a kind. Fullscreen wins can be achieved with every symbol except the Scatter symbol. A Fullscreen win with the top symbol for example pays 1000x total bet. Game Function Button Function Press to start a new game Press while spinning to stop the reels immediately Press to activate / deactivate autoplay Press to set the maximum bet Press to increase the bet Press to reduce the bet Press to exit the game and return to the Casino main screen Press to view the help of the game Press to adjust the volume Press to access the game settings (see Game Settings Options) Press to view the paytable of the game Press to view the game rules Press to view the history of the game (not available when playing for fun) Press to go to the next page in the help or to go to the next entry in the history Press to go to the previous page in the help or to go to the previous entry in the history Press to return to the game NOTE : It is also possible to start a game or collect a win by pressing the SPACEBAR. Game Setting Function Button Function Press to enable / disable the fullscreen mode Autoplay settings The autoplay settings will be opened by pressing on the autoplay button. Select number of games which should run in autoplay Select the amount to stop autoplay if the credit has reduced by this amount Select the amount to stop autoplay if the credit has increased by this amount Select the amount to stop autoplay if a single win exceeds it NOTE: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions (*). NOTE: Each freespin game (if applicable) is counted as a single game and will therefore reduce the amount of games by one. Return to Player The theoretical return to the player for this game is 97.56% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the info panel on the top of the game on the right side there is the game id visible. Each game has its unique game id. This game id should be used for requests to the support. In case of disconnection because of network issues or other failures the game will always continue on the last position where it was interrupted. The game can be continued at any time. There is no time limitation in this case.