10x Minimum Collection 10x Minimum Collection Game Help Welcome to the opulent world of 10x Minimum Collection, an Industry first of a game! Every spin in this game is packed with suspense, fortune, and choices that can turn your winnings into even bigger rewards! Collection Feature: Collect or continue? Land digits in view and once you pass the magic number you have the choice to collect or continue. The dice count the number of spins digits are locked in for, so make your decision wisely! Pick Me Feature: Land a mysterious question mark (?) symbol, and prepare for a fun twist. Wheel Collection Feature: When the golden wheel symbol lands, the excitement intensifies! These wheels can only fall in the gilded center squares, moving to a mini-board until all positions are filled. Once complete, the wheels spin one by one, adding their values together for a bet multiplier and unlocking potential huge wins! Spin the reels, land those multipliers, and seize your fortune! General Information There are no paylines in the game – instead the objective is to collect individual digits that total 10 or more. During the game digit symbols 1-9 are active. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines No paylines Number of Reels and Rows 5x5 Return to Player 93.30% Game Features During the game digit symbols 1-9 are active. There are no traditional paylines in the game. Each digit has a dice that shows the number of paid spins the digit will stay on the reels. The starting number on the dice is 3. After each spin the number decreases by 1. When there is no number left anymore on the dice, the symbol will no stay on the reels for the next spin. Once the total value of digits on the reels reaches 10 or more it will form a stake multiplier. The stake will be multiplied and there will be two options: - Collect: collect current winnings. After collection the winning digits won’t stay for the next spin. - Spin again: make another spin. This could either increase your total or drop it below 10, removing the collect option. If the total of digits is 10 or above after spinning again, the same choice ‘Collect’ or ‘Spin again’ will appear. The best strategy is always to collect the winnings. If no selection is made, the winnings will be collected automatically after timeout. The state of game is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. WHEEL COLLECTION FEATURE The center 9 symbol spaces on the reels form 3x3 grid. When a wheel symbol lands on these spaces, it transfers to corresponding segment of the 3x3 grid outside the reels. Wheel Collection feature is triggered when 3x3 grid outside the reels is fully filled with wheel symbols. When the 3x3 grid is filled, each wheel spins individually and can land on digits 1-9. After one wheel stops, the next wheel spins until all 9 wheels have stopped. Then values from the 9 wheels are added together, multiply the stake and winnings are awarded. After winning the 3x3 grid is cleaned up. PICK ME FEATURE Pick Me feature is triggered when question mark symbol lands on the reels. Pop-up with 3 question marks appears. There are digit symbols under question marks. The revealed digit symbol replaces question mark on the reels. Dim question mark contains 1, 2, 3, 4 digit symbols. Bright question mark contains 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 digit symbols. If no selection is made, a random question mark will be selected after timeout. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Digits form a stake multiplier once the total of digits on the reels reaches 10 or more. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Wheel Collection feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 2/26/2025