The Asp of Cleopatra GAME RULES The Asp of Cleopatra is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 25 lines and a free spins phase. The PLAY button makes the spin with 25 lines and the total selected bet (alternatively you can also press the space bar). By pressing AUTOSPIN you will automatically play with the selected number of spins. If a line can give more than one prize, that line will be awarded with the combination that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and payments will be decided according to the PRIZE TABLE. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. If a spin links together 4 or more respins, a Free Spins phase is obtained. FREE SPINS PHASE The number of free spins is determined according to the number of respins in a row on the spin that led to the phase. During this phase, all the Asp symbols act as Wilds. If a spin links together 4 or more respins during this phase, additional spins will be obtained, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins in total. The free spin phase is played with special reels without the Wheel of Gods symbols. The free spin phase is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the phase. WHEEL OF GODS The Wheel of Gods symbols appear on all the reels. Three or more Wheel symbols provide entry to the mini game. In this mini game, the player must select a colour between Red and Green . Then, the Wheel of Gods will spin until it stops on a box, and the multiplier obtained will be added to the total multiplier. If the colour of the box it stops at matches the colour selected by the player, an additional spin will be given. If the colour of the box does not match the colour selected, or a value of 100 has been surpassed on the total multiplier, the phase ends, and the player receives as a prize an amount of coins equal to the total multiplier of the bet with which this mini game was accessed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/25/2025