Olympus Fury General Olympus Fury is a Match 3 game of divinely powerful Greek gods, entrusting you with the important task of saving the planet! The game features 4 Greek deities, each with a unique and environmentally aware bonus game. All wins are multiples of the bet. The theoretical payout of the game (RTP) is 95.05%. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Gods Selection Gods selection is done by entering the Mount Olympus screen and clicking on the desired Greek God. The available Greek gods include: Artemis - Goddess of the Wild Poseidon - God of the Sea Zeus - God of Thunder and king of the gods Gaia - Mother Earth Greek Gods and Bonuses There are 4 different Greek gods in the game. Each deity has a unique bonus feature that is triggered by blasting a cluster of bonus tiles. At the end of each bonus, the bonus win is added to the win of the game that activated the bonus. This does not apply to free game bonuses. Bonus tiles: blasting a cluster of bonus tiles initiates a unique bonus feature. There are 4 different bonus features in the game: Call of the Wild Free the animals from their cages! See them return to the wild and win prizes from Goddess Artemis. Oceans of Blue Poseidon grants you 5 winning free games to clean the oceans, with a chance to multiply your win by x2, x3 or x5 by blasting clusters captured below pollution bubbles. No bonus or Mega win tiles are available during free games. No token games or Divine Intervention games are available during free games. Lightning Strike Zeus grants you 7 free games, each with a chance to get two additional free games by blasting a cluster of free games special tiles. No bonus or Mega win tiles are available during free games. No token games or Divine Intervention games are available during free games. Nature's Blessing Tap on picture pieces to make the forest green again. There are three pieces that will immediately end the game. The greener the forest the higher your prize. Mega win Blast a Mega win cluster to win x1000 on your bet. Divine Intervention Divine Intervention is a free game granted randomly after a non winning game. The Divine Intervention feature will trigger one free game only. Free Game Tokens Free game tokens are granted randomly and enable you to play 5 free games with a different Greek god. Upon receiving the free game tokens, the player will be automatically transferred to the new God to play the granted free games tokens. No bonus or Mega win tiles are available during token games. No Divine Intervention games are available during token games. Disconnection policy Due to the game's communication medium nature, the player may experience interruptions, delays, or a termination of gameplay. In the event of an unexpected interruption or termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Should a disconnection occur after a bet has been placed, but before the current game is complete, in your next game session you will be prompted to start the game you played before the interruption. Any malfunction in the game voids all payouts. Last modification date: 9/24/2024