The Good the Bad and the Wild The Good, The Bad & The Wild Help Are you good, bad or wild? Head off to the WILD, WILD West for a gunslinging cowboy slots adventure in The Good, The Bad & The Wild. Forget about being a bandit wanting to score some loot, this fun filled slot has plenty to give and is loaded with rewarding features. With immersive graphics and sounds, you’ll be shooting for big wins in no time at all. The Good, The Bad & The Wild is a 5-reel, 4-row Western themed slot with plenty of winning features. The Random Wilds can award up to 20 wilds on the reels at any time for massive Wild West wins, but the action doesn’t stop there! The Free Spins, with locked wilds or wild reels, have even more to offer. If you’re really looking to strike it big, then the bonus wheel with multipliers is your ticket to a bank busting bankroll. It’s time to saddle up for galloping big WINS in The Good, The Bad & The Wild! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 lines Game Features Shooting Wilds - During a spin, up to 20 Wilds can appear randomly anywhere on the reels. Bank Robbery - 3x bonus symbols trigger the bonus wheel with multipliers and two types of free spins. Locked & Loaded - Triggered from the bonus wheel. It awards 7 free spins with a locked Wild on every spin. Bang Bang Wilds - Triggered from the bonus wheel. It awards 3 free spins with a minimum of 1 full reel of Wilds. Return to Player 96.0% Hit Rate % Game Features Shooting Wilds During a spin, up to 20 wild symbols can appear randomly anywhere on the reels. Shooting Wilds is available only during the base game. Bank Robbery The bonus wheel is triggered when 3 or more bonus symbols land. The bonus wheel spins to award one of three possible wins: Multiplier prizes up to 80x the total bet amount Locked & Loaded - 7 free spins with locked wilds Bang Bang Wilds - 3 free spins with reels of Wilds Locked & Loaded 7 free spins with a locked wild added on every spin. The wilds are locked until the end of the free spins. Locked & Loaded cannot be retriggered. Bang Bang Wilds 3 free spins with at least one reel full of wilds on every spin. Bang Bang Wilds cannot be retriggered. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 40, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. The Bank Robbery bonus is played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the bonus. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays