Book of Fruits Game Overview Book Of Fruits is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot featuring Scatter symbols, Wild substitutions and a Bonusspin feature. The game is played with 5 lines (fixed). Wins pay only from left to right. All wins only occur on active lines (except scatter wins). Only the highest line win is paid on each line played. Line wins are a multiple of the line bet. Line wins from different lines are added. Scatter wins are a multiple of the total bet. Scatter wins are added to the line wins. The Book symbol is a Scatter symbol and pays on any position. The Book symbol substitutes for all symbols. All values like credit, bets and wins are shown in currency. All values in the paytable are based on the current bet. These values will be changed automatically if the bet will be changed. Payouts according to the paytable are made only if the specified number of symbols is of a kind. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Bonusspin Feature 3, 4 or 5 Book symbols on any position in the main game win 10 bonusspins. During bonusspins 3, 4 or 5 Book symbols on any position win additional 10 bonusspins, which are added to the remaining bonusspins. At the beginning of the bonusspins the expanding symbol is randomly selected; it could be any except the Book symbol. The usual pays are given before the expansion of the selected symbol. After expanding, the selected symbol will pay accordingly to the paytable, in all active lines, no matter whether the symbols of the winning combination are consecutive or not. Bonusspins are played at the same bet and number of lines as the initiating game. Wins from bonusspins are added to the other wins. Bonus ends when there are no remaining bonusspins. Game Functions Button Function Press to start a new game Press while spinning to stop the reels immediately Press to activate / deactivate autoplay Press to set the maximum bet Press to increase the bet or the amount of lines Press to reduce the bet or the amount of lines Press to exit the game and return to the Casino main screen Press to view the help of the game Press to adjust the volume Press to access the game settings (see Game Settings Options) Press to view the paytable of the game Press to view the game rules Press to view the history of the game (not available when playing for fun) Press to go to the next page in the help or to go to the next entry in the history Press to go to the previous page in the help or to go to the previous entry in the history Press to return to the game NOTE: It is also possible to start a game or collect a win by pressing the SPACEBAR. Game Settings Options Button Function Press to enable / disable the fullscreen mode Autoplay Settings The autoplay settings will be opened by pressing on the autoplay button. Amount of Games: Select number of games which should run in autoplay Credit lower than: Stops autoplay if credit is lower than specified Credit higher than: Stops autoplay if credit is higher than specified Win higher than: Stops autoplay if a single win is higher than specified NOTE: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. NOTE: Each freespin game (if applicable) is counted as a single game and will therefore reduce the amount of games by one. Return to Player The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.92% Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the info panel on the top of the game on the right side there is the game id visible. Each game has its unique game id. This game id should be used for requests to the support. In case of disconnection because of network issues or other failures the game will always continue on the last state where it was interrupted. The interrupted game must be completed within 90 days, after which it will be terminated automatically. Last modification date: 10/14/2020