Treasure Temple Feeling brave and looking for adventure? Then, a treasure hunting expedition might be just what you need. Treasure Temple will take you on a journey to discover lost treasures and priceless artefacts that have been hidden for millennia. Packed with features, captivating graphics, a riveting soundtrack and 243 ways to win, Treasure Temple is everything a treasure hunter could dream of and more. Treasure Temple is a 5-reel, 3-row adventure video slot that transports players to another era. To keep the winning action coming, after every winning spin, tumbling tiles fall into the positions of the previous winning combinations and bump up the multiplier by x1. If more winning combinations are formed, the tumbling tiles occur again and the multiplier increases by x1, up to a generous x8. Combine all of this with the Free Spins, winning Wild symbols and the Treasure Jackpot Wheel with in-game progressive jackpots and you'll be winning golden treasures in no time at all. Forget about raiding tombs, the real rewards can be found in Treasure Temple! The maximum win from a single game is 250,000 General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 96.97% 93.97% (+3%) Incremented RTP Game Features Tumbling Tiles & Multipliers – Winning symbols are paid and then removed to make way for new symbols and possibly, more winning combinations. The win multiplier is increased with each consecutive Tumbling Tile win. Treasure Jackpot Wheel – Each time a Wild symbol lands, the Treasure Jackpot Wheel could potentially be triggered with a guaranteed win of 1 of the 4 in-game progressive jackpots. Free Spins – 10 free games with double multipliers on all consecutive wins. Hit Rate 0.2774 Game Features Tumbling Tiles & Multipliers Tumbling Tiles are active during the base game and the free spins. Winning symbols are paid and then removed to make way for new symbols that come tumbling down from above for potentially even more winning combinations. Tumbling Tiles can award multiple consecutive wins with the win multiplier increasing with each consecutive win. The base game multiplier starts from x1 and goes up to x8. The Free Spins multiplier starts from x2 and goes up to x16. Free Spins 3x Free Spins symbols trigger the Temple Free Spins. 10 free games are awarded with double multipliers on all consecutive wins. The 10 free games can be retriggered if another 3 Free Spins symbols land. The Treasure Jackpot Wheel can trigger during the Free Spins as well. Treasure Jackpot Wheel Each time a Wild symbol lands, the Treasure Jackpot Wheel could be triggered. Spin the wheel until 3 gems of the same kind are collected to win the corresponding jackpot. All jackpots are progressive with each bet of the player contributing towards the progression. The jackpot progression is based on a multiplier of the average bets placed by the player: *Average bet amount – see the Payout Rules for Features section below. MINI JACKPOT = x10 multiplier of the average bet amount* MINOR JACKPOT = x50 multiplier of the average bet amount* MAJOR JACKPOT = x250 multiplier of the average bet amount* GRAND JACKPOT = x1000 multiplier of the average bet amount* Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions)To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions)To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Turbo Spin can be activated by: Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Quick Spin can be activated by: Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. The Treasure Bonus Wheel is played at the average total bet of the player. The average total bet for the player is calculated using the following formula: The sum of the total bets from rounds where wild symbols are collected is divided by the total number of wilds that were collected during those rounds. Example: If the player made bets totalling 100 and collected 20 wild symbols, then the average total bet is 100 / 20 = 5The sum of the total bets from rounds where wild symbols are collected is divided by the total number of wilds that were collected during those rounds. Example: If the player made bets totalling 100 and collected 20 wild symbols, then the average total bet is 100 / 20 = 5 Note: Only rounds where wild symbols landed from the initial spin are used to calculate the average bet. Wild symbols which land as a result of Tumbling Tiles are excluded. Jackpots are calculated by multiplying the average total bet amount by the Jackpot payout multiplier. Using the example from above, if the player’s average total bet is $5 and the jackpot multiplier is X100, then the player will win $5 X 100 = $500. Jackpot values are rounded to 2 decimal places. e.g. $10.3846 is rounded down to $10.38, or $12.4869 is rounded up to $12.49) Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit (mandatory in UK) - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 9/26/2023