Medusa Hunt GAME RULES Medusa Hunt is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 25 lines and a free spins feature.The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Each winning combination will remain fixed in place and launch a respin. The new symbols that provide or increase a win will also be fixed in place and launch a new respin. This process will continue until there are no new winning combinations. Then the payment will be made and the spin will end. Each respin will also move the multiplier panel forward one step. The wins from the spin will be increased by the multiplier. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols award 10 free spins. During this feature, the WILD symbol will be fixed in place in the second reel. The free spins feature is played with an improved version of the multiplier panel. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played on special reels without Bonus symbols. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.3%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games was 1065 times the bet, with an occurrence probability of 1:2000000000. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/2/2025