Spirit of Mustang It’s time to run wild and free with the mustangs across the plains of the west. These majestic, untamed horses are iconic with many legendary stories told. Saddle up for an adventure of a lifetime as you gallop side by side with the mustangs while you collect impressive rewards. Unleash your wild side and you just might collect one of the four jackpots in this action slot. Spirit of Mustang is a 5-reel, 3-row slot packed with fantastic features. Get the winning action started with the Coin Collect feature. When golden coins appear with values on them and a collect symbol, you win all the values shown. Landing 3 scatter symbols activates 8 Free Spins for even more prizes, and to really take your winning to the next level, the jackpot pick game offers 4 impressive jackpots with a top payout of 1,000x. Ready to ride and win? Play Spirit of Mustang now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 25 winning lines in Spirit Of Mustang. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Betting Lines - Select the amount of paylines to bet on. There are 25 paylines. Coin Collect - Win even more by collecting coins Free Spins - 8 Free Spins + unlimited reactivations Mini, Minor, Major & Grand Jackpots. Win up to 1,000x Return to Player 96.23% Hit Rate 26.15% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Choose the number of paylines to bet on between 5 and 25 by clicking on the up and down arrows on the side of the reels. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin option Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Bets are calculated as follows: 25 lines = 20 Credits , 20 lines = 16 credits, 15 lines = 12 credits , 10 lines = 8 credits , 5 lines = 4 credits The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by credits, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature and with the same number of paylines. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/14/2022