Goddess of Fortunes Game Rules:- Travel to ancient Egypt where Renenutet, the Egyptian goddess of Fortunes, awaits you and is ready to bestow upon you great treasures. On your journey, you will make your way through the temples, tombs and pyramids to uncover priceless treasures and rewards! Goddess of Fortunes is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 243 winning ways and thrilling features. The Bonus Blitz feature awards you with 3 respins, that can be retriggered repeatedly for even more payouts. The scatters are your ticket to activating up to 12 Free Spins with special expanding symbols that will please Renenutet who will reward you generously. Start your Egyptian adventure now and play Goddess of Fortunes! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 243 ways Game Features · Bonus Blitz · Free Spins Return to Player 96.22% Hit Rate 34.29% Game Features Goddess of Fortunes is a 5-reel, 3-row, 243 ways video slot featuring a Bonus Blitz Feature and Free Spins with special expanding symbols. Bonus Blitz Bonus symbols with prizes on them can appear randomly on the reels during the base game and free spins. When 5 or more Bonus symbols land anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Bonus Blitz feature. The Bonus Blitz feature awards 3 respins. During the feature, the triggering Bonus symbols will remain locked in their positions. Every time one or more new Bonus symbols appear on the reels during the feature, the respins counter resets to 3. The new Bonus symbols also become locked in their positions until the feature ends. When no more respins remain or all reel positions are Bonus symbols, the prizes displayed on all of the Bonus Symbols are awarded. During the Free Spins, the Bonus Blitz may occur more often. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols award 6 free spins with a special expanding symbol. 4 Scatter symbols award 8 free spins with a special expanding symbol. 5 Scatter symbols award 12 free spins with a special expanding symbol. A random symbol is chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the free games. After each spin & the winnings have been evaluated (if any), the special symbol expands over the whole reel if it will bring additional winning combinations. Landing an additional 3, 4 or 5 scatter symbols during the Free Spins will award an additional 6, 8 or 12 Free Spins with the same special expanding symbol. Special Expanding symbols do not need to be adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination, they simply need to participate anywhere in a winning combination. The Bonus Blitz feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/26/2022