Fortune Tree of Wealth Fortune Tree of Wealth Game Help Who says, “Money doesn’t grow on trees”? Hidden high in the mountains of Asia is an ancient secret village where the Tree of Wealth grows with lucky golden coins. Come and explore this majestic wonderland and you just might get rewarded with a fortune! Fortune Tree of Wealth is a 4x3 slot that promises incredible fun, entertainment and riveting features. Start reeling in a fortune during the base game with the Coin Drop that occurs randomly after a win and can drop a multiplier up to 50x. Get ready to be showered with even more coins when the Lock N Spin triggers randomly and awards Respins with the possibility of winning the 2,500x Grand prize. Plus, when the Respins end, the Coin Drop begins, with up to 8 Coins dropping onto the reels. The Fortune Tree of Wealth is waiting for you… Play now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Fortune Tree of Wealth has 15 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 15 Number of Reels and Rows 4x3 Game Features COIN DROP Possible multiplier values for the Coin symbol during the Coin Drop feature are 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x. During the base game when there is a win and a Wild symbol on the reels, the Coin Drop feature can trigger randomly and the win amount will be multiplied by the dropped coin multiplier. LOCK N SPIN BONUS The Lock N Spin bonus can trigger on any base game spin. Only Coin symbols or Prize Coin symbols can appear during the feature. The bonus starts with 1 Coin symbol and 3 respins. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new coin resets the number of respins to 3. After the respins are completed or all positions are filled with coins, the Coin Drop feature will trigger. Upto 8 random coins may drop one by one from the tree with random multiplier values. Each drop will enhance one random coin on the reel. Same coin on reel can't be enhanced again. Prize Coins will not be enhanced. At the end of the Lock N Spin feature, all coins on the reels are awarded. Coin Drop feature and Lock N Spin feature can't trigger on same spin. Return to Player 96.01% Hit Rate 39.49% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/30/2025