Dragoness GAME RULES Dragoness Dragoness is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring InstaRapid Win Bonus, Wild Nudge Feature, Free Games Bonus, and a Jackpot Wheel. The game is played with 30 lines. The Total Bet is set using the bet selector. Autoplay automatically plays the game for the desired number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Increasing and decreasing your Total Bet will result in the Paytable adjusting by the same proportion. All win values shown are in the currency wagered. Only the highest win per bet line or way is paid. Bet line or way wins pay in order from the leftmost to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines or ways are added. All wins pay for bet lines or winning ways only, except for FIREBALL wins. The WILD substitutes for all symbols except the FIREBALL. FIREBALL substitutes for all symbols. InstaRapid Win Bonus There is a prize on top of each reel. On each spin, the prizes shift over one reel to the left and a new prize will appear on Reel 5. At the end of a spin, if the FIREBALL appears fully on a reel, the prize above that reel is won. Prizes can be the JACKPOT WHEEL, FREE GAMES BONUS, or a credit prize. Each Total Bet has its own set of prizes. The FREE GAMES BONUS is played with a separate set of prizes that are created for each Free Game. After the FREE GAMES BONUS, the Base Game prizes will be the same as the prizes that triggered the FREE GAMES BONUS. Wild Nudge Feature The WILD may nudge up or down. The FIREBALL may nudge up or down. The result after the WILD NUDGE will always be better than before the WILD NUDGE. Free Games Bonus When a FIREBALL appears on a reel with FREE GAMES above the reel, it triggers 10 FREE GAMES. During the FREE GAMES ,when a FIREBALL appears on a reel with FREE GAMES above the reel, it awards 5 extra FREE GAMES. Jackpot Wheel When a FIREBALL appears on a reel with a JACKPOT above the reel, it triggers the JACKPOT WHEEL. Spin the wheel to win the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI jackpot. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.33%. HOW TO PLAY Spin / Stop Starts a game round at the Total Bet (alternatively, press the spacebar or ENTER key). Stops the reels during a spin. Autoplay Opens the autoplay configuration. Turbo Mode Enable / Disable the quick spin (also available in autoplay popup). Bet - / + Increases or decreases the Total Bet amount. Win Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance Displays the player's current balance. PAYTABLE Opens the info and paytable screens. Sound Enables or mutes the sound. Toggle Fullscreen Opens or closes the game's full screen. Home Directs the player to the website's home URL. GAME RULES Opens the game rules. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current Total Bet. How to use the autoplay feature Open autoplay popup. Set the autoplay number of rounds by choosing it from the list. To activate a limit, click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value. To exit the autoplay screen without starting the autoplay rounds, click the 'X' button. Click the 'Start' button. Once clicked, the autoplay popup will close and spin button will change to a stop button which will allow you to stop the autoplay whenever you choose. Note. If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Autoplay Limits Single Win - Will stop the autoplay function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autoplay function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). When the limit's conditions are met, the autoplay will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Win Limit - 'Win limit reached' Single Win - 'Single win reached' Loss limit - 'Loss limit reached' Autoplay Rules in the UK Players from the UK (under the UKGC regulation) who want to use the autoplay function must first set a loss limit and the number of rounds. These two limits will be highlighted in red until set. Reality Check The Reality Check control displays how much time you have spent playing the game. Set the time interval by visiting 'My Account' through the host Casino's website. *The Reality Check is mandatory under the UKGC regulation. The popup displays the amount of accumulated time spent in the game, from the moment the game is launched until the popup appears. The alert message will popup in the middle of the screen based on the defined time interval and will stay on the screen until choosing one of three actions: Continue - Return to the game being played. View History - Redirect players to the game history. All previous rounds can be seen and checked. Quit Game - This will exit the game and return to the games lobby. Disconnection Only one instance of the login can be used. When the game is interrupted, upon recovery, it will resume from the point of the interruption and successfully complete the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. For more information on the above-mentioned, refer to the gaming website. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. .COM - 30 days Italy - 7 days Spain - 7 days Denmark - 90 days Sweden - 90 days Romania - 30 days Portugal - 90 days Translations of Game Terminology The following table applies if playing in a language other than English. English term - Translated term Wild - Wild FIREBALL - FIREBALL PRESS TO SPIN - PRESS TO SPIN InstaRapid Win - InstaRapid Win Wild Nudge - Wild Nudge Bonus - Bonus Jackpot Wheel - Jackpot Wheel Feature - Feature Free Games - Free Games Mini - Mini Minor - Minor Major - Major Grand - Grand AMAZING - AMAZING AWESOME - AWESOME INCREDIBLE - INCREDIBLE The maximum win from a single game is £165.000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020