Bonnie and Clyde GAME RULES Bonnie & Clyde is a slot machine with 5 reels and 4 rows, which has 50 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button does a spin with 50 lines and the total bet selected. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a line gives more than one prize, that line will be rewarded with the combination that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The calculation of the winnings is based on the combination of consecutive symbols from left to right except the Clyde symbol which combines in both directions. The 'Wild' symbol can substitute any other symbol except 'Bonnie. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three, four or five 'Bonnie' symbols (regardless of the payline) award a feature of 10, 20 or 50 free spins, respectively. Each 'Bonnie' symbol can contain a value. If so, said value adds up to the total number of spins from the feature. The maximum number of spins that you can get entering the free spins feature is 300 spins. Entrance into the free spins feature is independent of the win received in that spin. During the feature, three, four or five 'Bonnie' symbols award 10, 20 or 50 additional Free Spins, respectively. Each 'Bonnie' symbol can contain a value. If so, said value adds up to the total number or spins obtained. The 'Free Spins Feature’ is played with some special reels with more Wilds. The 'Free Spins Feature’ is played at the same level of bet that the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.1%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games was 1223.5 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:0. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/30/2025