Fishermans Bounty Grab your fishing gear and get ready to reel in big fish and big wins in Fisherman’s Bounty. The reel magic happens when the Free Spins begin, and the Fish Bounty feature brings plenty of extra rewards. With so much action to be had, you’ll be hooked in no time at all! Fisherman’s Bounty is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that is non-stop fun and entertainment. When 3,4 or 5 scatter symbols land, it activates the Free Spins feature and awards 10,15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. During the Free Spins, the Fish Bounty feature takes place, where fish with bounties on them appear at random and reward you with even more wins! Time to Reel in the BIG ONE with Fisherman’s Bounty! There are 50 winning lines in Fisherman's Bounty. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 lines Game Features There are 50 fixed paylines. Play up to 20 credits per spin. Fish Bounty - Win even more by collecting fish with values on them during Free Spins Free Spins - Win up to 20 Free Spins Gamble Option – Gamble the winnings from a round with the potential to multiply the win by 2x or 4x. Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 28.39% Volatility Game Features Fish Bounty During the Free Spins, when Fish with bounty values on them and a “Collect” symbol land on the reels at the same time, the total of the values shown on the fish are awarded. The bounty values are dependent on the total bet amount. Changing the bet amount only takes effect on the next spin after the change was made. The total Fish Bounty payout is added to any other regular winning combinations that occurred during the round. Free spins When 3,4 or 5 scatter symbols land on reels, it awards 10,15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. The Free Spins can be retriggered an unlimited number of times. Gamble Winnings After each winning spin, a “Gamble” button activates, giving the player the chance to gamble the amount won which could multiply the won amount by 2x or 4x. The player can skip the gamble feature and collect their initial winnings by pressing the “Collect” button, Spin button or the spacebar. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature and with the same number of paylines. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration.The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 5/23/2024