Wild Fruit Super Wheel Game Help Sink your teeth into juicy, sweet entertainment and win delicious prizes with Wild Fruit Super Wheel. This fast-paced, captivating slot is filled with plump fruits, Wild Multipliers, a Super Wheel feature and Super Bonus prizes that will satisfy your hunger for BIG WINS! Wild Fruit Super Wheel is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with 243 ways to win, that offers non-stop action from the very first spin. Watch out for Wild Multipliers that substitute for other symbols and multiply the winnings. Landing 3 scatter symbols activates the Super Wheel feature, where a spin of the wheel can bring big rewards or possibly even 1 of 3 Super Bonus prizes! Yum, yum, it’s time for some fruity fun! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 243 ways to win in Wild Fruit Super Wheel. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features · Wild Multipliers · Super Wheel Feature · Super Bonus Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 33.42% Game Features Wild Multipliers There are 3 Wild Multiplier symbols - 2x, 3x and 4x. The Wild Multipliers appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. When they substitute in for a win, they multiply all winning combinations by the multiplier amount. When two or more Wild Multipliers are part of a winning combination, they multiply together first and then multiply any winnings. Super Wheel Feature 3 Scatter symbols landing on reels 1, 3, and 5 awards a spin of the Super Wheel. The wheel contains 18 possible prizes, including credits, credits with multipliers and 3 Super Bonuses. Some of the credit values on the wheel are randomly assigned multiplier values of 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x before the spin begins. If the Super Wheel stops on a credit prize, the respective credits are awarded and the feature ends. If the Super Wheel stops on a credit prize with a multiplier, the credit value is multiplied and awarded, and the feature ends. If the Super Wheel stops on a Super Bonus, the respective Super Bonus prize is awarded and the feature ends. Super Bonus There are three levels of Progressive Super Bonus prizes that can be won only during the Super Wheel Feature. The Progressive Super Bonus values are calculated as follows: (Total Bet X Super Bonus Payout Multiplier) + (Accumulated Progressive Amount). *Progressive amount – see the “Payout rules in Features” section below. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/26/2022