Tuna Overload Multiplier Tuna Overload Multiplier Help Reel in Big Wins with Tuna Overload Multiplier! Cast your line and reel in valuable catches and thrilling wins. The game includes a Collection Feature, Lock and Spin Feature as well as Increase Feature Chance Mode & Feature Respin™. Cast your lines, spin the reels, and hook the fortune that awaits in Tuna Overload Multiplier! General Information Tuna Overload Multiplier is 4x6 reels game with Collection feature, Lock and Spin feature and Increase Feature Chance mode. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 4x6 Return to Player 93.13% Increase Feature Chance Mode RTP 93.13% Game Features COLLECTION FEATURE Collection symbol is active during base game on the reel 6. Tuna symbols have attached stake multipliers (x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x4, x5, x7.5, x10, x20, x25, x50, x75, x100). Collection symbol on the reels collects the multipliers from all Tuna symbols on the reels. LOCK AND SPIN FEATURE Lock and Spin feature Is triggered by 3 Boat symbols in view. Tuna symbols lock on the reels until the end of the feature. Feature starts with 3 re-spins and each time a symbol land on the reel the re-spins counter resets to 3. When no re-spins left or full board is filled with tuna symbols, all multipliers are collected from tuna (x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x4, x5, x7.5, x10, x20, x25, x50, x75, x100) and the feature ends. Lock and Spin feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on the Lock and Spin feature pop-up or after time out. INCREASE FEATURE CHANCE MODE Increase Feature Chance mode doubles the stake. The Collection symbol can land on all reels during this mode and Tuna symbols on reels stick for the next spin. The state of symbols on the reels is saved for each stake in Increase Feature Chance mode and is not carried on over other stakes. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Lock and Spin feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Lock and Spin or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Lock and Spin are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Lock and Spin and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Lock and Spin when the win amount in Lock and Spin is less or equal than: -For base game: x58.40 stake -For Increase Feature Chance: x46.50 stake Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Symbols pay reflects current bet configuration. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Lock and Spin feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/13/2026