Hot Hot 777 Hot Hot 777 immerses you in all the glitz, glamour, thrills and action of Las Vegas. This fast-paced slot is adorned with familiar icons like 7s, BARs, Casino chips, champagne and more, plus your glamourous Casino host is always by your side to help you reel in the wins! Hot Hot 777 is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that is packed with features and 5 progressive jackpots. Landing 5 or more Hot Hot 777 scatters is your ticket to boosting your bankroll with a progressive jackpot payout. To really turn up the heat, the Hot Hot Wheel Bonus feature guarantees you a jackpot win or credit prize with a multiplier. The action doesn’t stop there, because activating the Free Spins feature can award you up to 20 free rounds with a triple win multiplier, or even more with the retriggers and +5 wild. It’s time to live it up like a high-roller in Las Vegas. Play Hot Hot 777 now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 30 winning lines in Hot Hot 777. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 30 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features · Hot Hot 777 Jackpot · Hot Hot Wheel Bonus · Free Spins Return to Player 96.23% Hit Rate 49.75% Game Features Hot Hot 777 Jackpot When 5 or more Hot Hot 777 scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards the respective progressive jackpot. There are five levels of jackpots that can be won. The progressive jackpots values are calculated as follows: (Total bet X Jackpot payout multiplier) + accumulated progressive amount. 9 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 1000 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 8 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 650 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 7 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 100 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 6 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 50 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 5 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 10 X Total bet + Progressive amount. *Progressive amount – see the “Payout rules in Features” section below. Hot Hot Wheel Bonus When 3 Bonus Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5, it triggers the Hot Hot Wheel Bonus feature and a spin is awarded on the Bonus Wheel. If the wheel stops on the Scatter Jackpot, the respective jackpot is awarded and Hot Hot Wheel Bonus feature ends. If the wheel stops on a credit value, the Bonus Multiplier reel will then spin and award a multiplier which multiplies the credit value won and the feature then ends. Free Spins When 3 Free Spin symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, it triggers the Free Spins feature. To begin the Free Spin feature, select from the grid of 20 tiles until three matching Free Spins options are revealed. If a Wild tile is revealed, it will count as 1 match towards the 3 needed. There are 6 possible Free Spins options. If more than 1 Free Spins option is possible due to the presence of a Wild tile, the highest number of Free Spins will be awarded. In addition, the Wild tile awards +5 Free Spins. If a retrigger of the Free Spins occurs during the Free Spins feature, the same number of Free Spins are awarded at the initial Free Spins round. The Hot Hot Wheel Bonus is not available during Free Spins. Free Spins Option 20 Free Spins with 3X Multiplier 15 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 11 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 10 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 7 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 5 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier During the Free Spins, jackpots are calculated as follows: (Total bet X Jackpot payout multiplier X Free Spins Multiplier). The progressive amount is not included during the Free Spins. 9 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 1000 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 8 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 650 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 7 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 100 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 6 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 50 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 5 Hot Hot 777 symbols pay 10 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 50, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. How the progressive amounts are calculated: Each progressive jackpot increases incrementally every time a bet is placed. The increment is added to the base progressive jackpot amount, which is a fixed multiplier of the total bet. When a jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot resets back to the base amount. Hot Hot 777 Symbols Progressive Increment % 9 0.05% 8 0.10% 7 0.15% 6 0.30% 5 0.004% Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen Last modification date: 7/8/2022