Wild Calacas Wild Calacas Game Help Step into the heart of a vibrant Cinco de Mayo celebration with Wild Calacas! The fiesta is in full swing, with dazzling prizes and thrilling surprises waiting behind every spin. Join the lively skeletons as they dance and unlock fortunes of prizes. Wild Calacas is a 5x3, 20 paylines slot, where the Unlock Feature brings the party to life! Whenever a Wild lands on the centre reel, all Locked Coins and Locked Prizes are released to shower you with rewards. The Rewind Feature keeps the fun going by randomly rewinding a reel to help you land Prize symbols when you least expect it. Above the reels, two vibrant Piggy Banks are brimming with surprises. When the left Piggy Bank bursts, it triggers the Hold N Spin bonus feature, but if the right Piggy Bank pops, it unleashes Free Spins, with a fixed Wild on the centre reel to unlock prizes throughout the feature. Jump straight to the action by activating the Wild Booster that ensures a Wild will land on the centre reel. You can also use the Buy Bonus option to instantly trigger the Hold N Spin, Free Spins or the Super versions of these, where Coin symbols are removed for even more Prize symbol potential! Play Wild Calacas now and let the party begin! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Wild Calacas has 20 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features UNLOCK FEATURE Locked Coins and locked Prizes appear on all reels except the middle position of the centre reel. Wild symbol on the centre reel unlocks all locked Coins and locked Prize symbols on reels. REWIND FEATURE In the base game when there is a Wild symbol on the centre reel, reels may randomly rewind and return one or more locked Prize symbols. HOLD N SPIN Left piggy bank pop triggers the Hold N Spin bonus feature. Only Coin and Prize symbols can appear during the feature. FREE SPINS Right piggy bank pop triggers the Free Spins bonus feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. Wild symbol remains on the centre reel throughout the feature and unlocks locked Coin and locked Prize symbols. GUARANTEED WILD By activating the Guaranteed Wild, the bet is increased by 6.5x current total bet and the Wild symbol is guaranteed/remains on the centre position. Return to Player (RTP) - GUARANTEED WILD 94.05% Return to Player (RTP) - HOLD N SPIN 94.05% Return to Player (RTP) - FREE SPINS 94.05% Return to Player (RTP) - SUPER HOLD N SPIN 94.05% Return to Player (RTP) - SUPER FREE SPINS 94.05% Return to Player 94.05% Hit Rate 28.38% Volatility BUY BONUS Hold N Spin, Free Spins, or any of their super versions can be activated anytime during the base game with the Buy Bonus option. Activating Hold N Spin costs 30x the current total bet. Activating Super Hold N Spin costs 75x the current total bet. Activating Free Spins costs 35x the current total bet. Activating Super Free Spins costs 90x the current total bet. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Bonuses are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Coin, Prize, Hold N Spin and Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. At the end of the Respins, values of the Coins and Prizes are added together and are awarded. Activating Guaranteed Wild doesn't impact Max Exposure of the game as payouts are calculated on the base bet. In Super Hold N Spin, coin symbols are removed. In Super Free Spins, coin symbols are removed. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/7/2025