Bier Haus Riches Bier Haus Riches Game Help If you’re up for a festive time with great beer, tantalizing food, and jovial music, then join the fun of the legendary German Oktoberfest with Bier Haus Riches slot. This captivating game is a non-stop party of fun that is over-flowing with rewards. Take a break from the hustle and bustle and explore the tents while enjoying a refreshing and frosty beer. Bier Haus Riches is a 3x1 slot that expands into a 3x3 layout every time 2 Scatters land. When the reels expand, the added rows spin for a chance to win even more. Plus, if a 3rd Scatter lands on the expanded reels, it triggers the Free Spins for even more thrilling action. The fun doesn’t stop there, because each Scatter that lands during the Free Spins award an extra Free Spin. Bier Haus Riches offers huge payouts and endless fun that will have you dancing with joy. Join the festivities of Oktoberfest to WIN BIG by playing Bier Haus Riches now! General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot PAYOUT EXAMPLES Game Winning Combinations: Payouts are created by landing a combination of paying symbols. Symbol values land to create a multiplier of bet win. The symbol number and order they land determines the bet multiplier payout. 7 + + 00 = 700x Bet. 3 + + 00 = 300x Bet. 3 + + Scatter = 3x Bet. + 0 + .5 = 0.5x Bet. + + 00 = 0x Bet. Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Game Features EXPANDING REELS Land 2 Scatters in the base game to expand the reels from 3x1 to 3x3. The new reels spin for the chance to create additional wins. Land a 3rd Scatter during Expanded Reels to trigger Free Spins. Expanding reels are paid from left to right. Each row is evaluated individually. FREE SPINS Land 3 Scatters in the base game to trigger 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, each Scatter that lands awards an additional +1 Free Spins. Return to Player 93.91% Hit Rate 24.89% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Payouts are created by landing a combination of paying symbols. Symbol values land to create a multiplier of bet win. The symbol number and order they land determines the bet multiplier payout. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 5/29/2024