Lava Fortunes Hold N Spin Lava Fortunes Hold N Spin Game Help An explosion of fun and prizes is about to erupt! Lava Fortunes Hold N Spin takes you into the jungle, to the foot of the volcano where the rewards are extra hot and flow like lava. Each spin of this adventure slot can bring the hottest prizes or possibly even the Grand prize! Lava Fortunes Hold N Spin is a 4x3 slot with sizzling features. The adventure begins during the base game when a win occurs and there is a Wild symbol on the reels. Then, the Lava Erupt feature may trigger randomly to reveal a lava multiplier up to 50x that is then applied to the win. The Hold N Spin bonus action may also erupt at any time during the base game. The feature begins with 3 respins, and only Lava or Lava Prize symbols appear on the reels. Every new symbol that lands becomes sticky and resets the respins for a fortune of entertainment and payouts. Ready for an extra hot experience? Play Lava Fortunes Hold N Spin now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Lava Fortunes Hold N Spin has 15 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 15 Number of Reels and Rows 4x3 Game Features LAVA ERUPT During the base game when there is a win, and a Wild symbol is on the reels, the Lava Erupt feature can trigger randomly. Lava will erupt from the volcano and reveal a multiplier. The win amount will be multiplied by the lava multiplier. HOLD N SPIN The Hold N Spin bonus can trigger on any base game spin. Only Lava symbols or Lava Prize symbols can appear during the feature. The bonus starts with 1 Lava symbol and 3 respins. All symbols are sticky during respins. Each new symbol that lands, resets the number of respins to 3. After the respins are completed or all positions are filled with symbols, the Lava Erupt feature will trigger. Up to 8 random lava eruptions may occur one by one from the volcano with random multiplier values. Each lava eruption enhances one random symbol on the reels. At the end of Hold N Spin feature, prizes on all symbols on the reels are awarded. The Lava Erupt and Hold N Spin features cannot trigger on the same spin. Return to Player 94% Hit Rate 37.72% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Respins wins are added to any initial wins. At the end of the Respins, prizes on the symbols are added together and awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/1/2025