Texas Oil Riches Step into the heart of the desert and uncover your fortune in Texas Oil Riches, the thrilling slot game set against the backdrop of a booming oil field. Make your gameplay even more exciting by unlocking free spins and watching your rewards flow like black gold. Plus, keep an eye out for the Map Symbol — when it lands on the reels, a guaranteed win is yours! Spin the reels of Texas Oil Riches and strike it big in the oil fields. The riches await! General Information Texas Oil Riches has 3 reels with 5 win lines in base game and 27 winning ways in Free Spins and Feature Respin™ active. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 5 lines Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 Return to Player 93.13% Game Features FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins feature is activated when 3 Free Spins symbols land on the reels 1-2-3 on active win line. Only one selected symbol is active on the reels during Free spins feature. Any paytable symbol can be selected except Map symbol. After timeout a random active symbol is selected automatically and Free Spins feature starts. RTP is equally distributed among the symbols and autopick doesn't impact overall RTP. Free Spins feature starts with 3 spins. When active symbol lands on the reels, it locks on the reels till the end of the feature and Free Spins counter resets back to 3 spins. Feature ends when no spins left or when all reels positions are filled with active symbol. Winnings are calculated at the end of the feature. 27 ways are active during Free Spins feature. MAP SYMBOL Map symbol acts as a paying symbol: 1 Map symbol pays x1 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 different symbols and the Map symbol on the payline except the Map symbol in combination with different Oil Pump symbols). 2 Map symbol pays x5 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 Map symbols and a Blank or Free Spins symbol). Map symbol also acts like a wild to make a winning combination and to multiply it: 1 Map symbol on payline pays x3 winning combination. 2 Map symbols on payline pays x9 winning combination. FEATURE RESPIN™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on the active win line only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Winnings on different lines are added up. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 6/11/2025