Irish Wilds Irish Wilds Game Help Under the roots of an ancient tree, lucky shamrocks and curious mushrooms are getting wild as you spin the reel. Enjoy a fun adventure as you discover our main collection bonuses, with the innovative, one-of-a-kind mechanic Feature Spin™ for extra winning vibes. Collect lucky badges and enjoy this Irish-themed slots magic! General Information There are 20 win lines in Irish Wilds. All awards (except scatters) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Return to Player 94.15% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 free spins 94.12% Buy Feature RTP 94.16% Game Features Collection Re-spin Feature Collection Re-spin Feature is activated by populating the Collection Re-spin Feature matrix with 5 or more clover badges with a minimum of 1 clover per reel. Free Spins Feature 3 Free Spins symbols in view on reels 1-3-5 trigger 10 Free Spins with Sticky Collection Re-spin feature. During Free Spins the Collection Re-spin Feature matrix populates from spin to spin until Collection Re-spin Feature matrix is full and awards Wilds and Re-spin. When all positions on the Collection Re-spin feature matrix are filled with at least 1 clover, 5 Wild symbols randomly transfer to the game reels. All clovers on the Collection Re-spin feature matrix will then reduce by 1, and award a re-spin. For example, if matrix positions 1-2-3-4 are populated by clover and on the next spin a clover lands on game reels 4 and 5, clover will transfer to matrix positions 4 and 5, activating the Collection Re-spin feature (in which there will be one x2 multiplying Wild). After the re-spin, position 4 of the Collection Re-spin feature matrix will already be populated for the next spin. Re-spins do not count as part of 10 Free Spins total. No Free Spins scatters available during Free Spins feature. Free spins cannot be re-triggered. If no selection is made, the Free Spins feature pop-up will time out and start the Free Spins feature. Buy Feature Additional way to trigger 10 Free Spins. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger 10 Free Spins. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. They are played using a single win line with the following awards: Match 3 scatters on the reels to win Free Spins feature. Gamble Choose a colour or suit to play the gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the Auto button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds via the Auto button. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature – the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: Collection Re-spin feature and Free Spins. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/3/2024