1st of the Irish Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version 1ST OF THE IRISH Type of game Videoslot Geometry 6 x 5 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.40% Autoplay mode Yes, under the required UKGC technical standards. GAME RULES 1st of the Irish is a slot machine with 6 reels and 5 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Wins are achieved by lining up 5 or more of the same symbols, as long as they are in contact with each other either vertically or horizontally. The (Sticky Wild) symbol is WILD and replaces all other symbols. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. The maximum win per spin is capped at 10,000 times the total bet. METERS There are 5 meters: the pipe, the beer, the shamrock, the hat and the rainbow. Each time you win with one of these symbols, the spaces in the corresponding meter will be filled by the number of symbols that were included in the win. The WILD symbol will not be counted for filling these meters. Once the 9 spaces in a meter have been filled, the corresponding feature will be launched. It is possible to fill a meter more than once, in which case a small balloon will be displayed indicating the number of times it has been filled. If more than one meter is filled, the features will be launched in the following order: pipe, beer, shamrock, hat and rainbow. The meters will be reset at the end of each spin. PIPE One of the symbols will be released (not including Wild and Sticky Wild symbols) along with a multiplier. The total number of times this symbol appears in the reels will become the chosen multiplier. All of these multipliers will be combined to form a grand multiplier, which will be used to multiply the bet. BEER A grid of 3x3 beers will appear in the reels, turning any existing symbols into new symbols of the same type (other than wild symbols). SHAMROCK 4 sticky wild symbols will appear in the reels. Each sticky wild symbol has 3 lives. Each time they are involved in a win, they lose one life. When all 3 lives have been used up, the symbol will disappear. Sticky wild symbol with 3 lives. Sticky wild symbol with 2 lives. Sticky wild symbol with 1 life. HAT A hat will appear in a random reel, introducing 8 wild symbols into the reel. The hat will go up, leaving behind 2 visible wild symbols and another 6 in positions above the reel where they can't be seen. These ones will fall in the following cascades, if there are wins. If one of the positions to be replaced is already occupied by a Sticky Wild symbol, one of the hat's wild symbols will be consumed but it will not replace the symbol. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Filling up the rainbow meter will launch a feature with 12 free spins. The hat and rainbow meters will not be reset at the end of each spin. When the rainbow meter is filled the first time, the entire value won during the free spins feature will be multiplied x2. This multiplier will then increase by 1 each time the meter is filled again. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. The free spins feature is played at the same level of bet as the spin that activated the feature. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 3 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the Historical Betting interface. BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the Casino operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. The maximum win from a single game is £130,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020