Tiger and Dragon Name TIGER AND DRAGON Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version TIGER AND DRAGON Type of game Videoslot Geometry 6X10 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.30% Autoplay mode Yes, under the required UKGC technical standards. GAME RULES Tiger and Dragon is a slot-machine game with 6 reels and 10 rows, with millions of combinations and free spin features. The SPIN button generates a spin with the selected bet. When you press AUTOSPIN , you’ll automatically play the amount of spins selected. In the event that a combination of symbols generates more than one prize, it will be awarded with the configuration which produces the highest multiplier. Winning combinations and payments are listed in the PAYTABLE. Calculations for winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. The maximum prize per spin is capped at 20,000 times the selected bet. For each non-winning spin, the Mythological symbols accumulate in the progress bar. A fixed percentage of the cost of the non-winning spin will also be added to the jackpot. The Wild symbol can substitute any other symbol except the Bonus and the Mythological symbol . Upon each spin, the winning symbols disappear, leading to a re-spin in which the symbols above the empty spaces shift down and new spaces are filled with other symbols. Prizes obtained in this way are added to the total prize. The process is repeated until there are no prizes left. FREE SPINS STAGE If a regular spin triggers 5 or more connected re-spins, it generates a Free Spin stage. Each Bonus symbol obtained in the spin counts as an additional re-spin when deciding access to Free Spins. The number of initial free spins is decided on the basis of the total number of connected re-spins triggered by the spin which led to this stage. During this stage, each winning spin increases a counter which multiplies the prizes obtained. If a spin triggers 3 or more re-spins during this stage, additional spins are awarded. The free spins stage is played on special reels without Bonus symbols. If, upon ending the free spins stage, the total prize is less than 10 times the bet which activated the stage, 5 additional free spins are obtained. Additional spins will continue to be awarded until the total prize of the stage exceeds said minimum of 10 times the bet. The free spins stage is played on the same betting level as the spin which triggered the stage. The maximum prize for the free spin stage is limited to 20,000 times the bet which triggered the stage. TIGER AND DRAGON ROULETTE When the progress bar is full, access to the mini roulette game is granted. The amount at stake will be the accumulated jackpot. In this mini-game, the player must choose between the Tiger and Dragon . Subsequently, the Tiger and Dragon Roulette will spin until it stops on one of the pockets; the multiplier obtained will be added to the total multiplier. If the symbol of the pocket corresponds to the one chosen by the player, an additional spin will be granted. If the symbol of the pocket does not correspond to the one chosen by the player, or if a value of 100 has been exceeded in the total multiplier, the stage ends and the player receives a number of coins equal to the total multiplier times the quantity accumulated in the jackpot at the beginning of the mini-game. BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/11/2020