2 Kings of Africa GAME RULES 2 Kings of Africa is a slot machine with 6 reels and 5 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Wins are achieved by lining up 5 or more of the same symbols, as long as they are in contact with each other either vertically or horizontally. The "Wild" symbol can substitute any other symbol. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the gaps, the new gaps are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. METERS There are 5 meters: the elephant, the parrot, the leopard, the lion and the gorilla. Each time you win with one of these symbols, the spaces in the corresponding meter will be filled by the number of symbols that were included in the win. The WILD symbol will not be counted for filling these meters. Once the 9 spaces in a meter have been filled, the corresponding feature will be launched. It is possible to fill a meter more than once, in which case a small balloon will be displayed indicating the number of times it has been filled. Should more than one meter be filled at once, the features will be launched in the following order: elephant, parrot, leopard, lion and gorilla. The meters will be reset at the end of each spin. ELEPHANT One of the symbols will be released (not including Wild and Sticky Wild symbols) along with a multiplier. The total number of times this symbol appears in the reels will become the chosen multiplier. All of these multipliers will be combined to form a grand multiplier, which will be used to multiply the bet. PARROT A grid of 3x3 parrots appears in the reels, changing any symbols present (aside from wild symbols) with new symbols of the same type. LEOPARD 4 sticky wild symbols will appear in the reels. Each sticky wild symbol has 3 lives. Each time they are involved in a win, they lose one life. When all 3 lives have been used up, the symbol will disappear. trebolA Sticky wild symbol with 3 lives. trebolB Sticky wild symbol with 2 lives. trebolC Sticky wild symbol with 1 life. LION The 2 first symbols in a reel are replaced by wild symbols and 6 more are placed in the upper positions of the row that are not yet visible. These will fall in successive cascades when you win. If one of the positions to be replaced is already filled with a Sticky Wild symbol, one of the wild symbols will be consumed but it won’t replace the symbol. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Filling the GORILLA meter will launch the free spins feature with 12 spins. The lion and gorilla meters do not reset at the end of each spin. If you fill the gorilla meter one time, the entire win obtained in the free spins feature will be multiplied by 2. This multiplier will increase by 1 for every other time you fill the meter. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. The free spins feature is played at the same level of bet as the spin that activated the feature. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 3 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 96%. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 12,000 million games was 5817 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:2000000000. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.