10x Minimum Top Multiplier 10x Minimum Top Multiplier Game Help Charge into electrifying wins with 10x Minimum Top Multiplier! Feel the surge of power in this high-voltage slot game, where magnetic energy and massive multipliers light up every spin! From shocking lightning strikes to magnetic symbol mayhem, every feature is wired for thrills! Activate supercharged bonuses with features like the Top Multiplier, Pick Me, Lightning Feature, Magnet Feature, and Increased Feature Chance Mode that amps up your potential for powerful payouts. Plug into the power of 10x Minimum Top Multiplier — where every spin is a live wire of potential! General Information During the game digit symbols from 0-9 and pip symbol are active. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the connected win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. Two or more numbers are summed firstly and only then multiply the stake. If there is a pip symbol between two digit symbols, these symbols will not form a number on win line. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 3 lines for each individual digit symbol Number of Reels and Rows 5x5 Return to Player 93.25% Increased Feature Chance mode RTP 93.26% Game Features Pick Me Feature Pick Me feature is triggered when question mark symbol lands on the reels. Pop-up with 3 question marks appears. There are digit symbols under question marks. The revealed digit symbol replaces question mark on the reels. Blue question mark contains pip symbol and 1, 2, 3, 4 digit symbols. Silver question mark contains 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 digit symbols. Lightning Feature Lightning Feature is triggered when a Lightning symbol lands on the reels. Lightning symbol fills full reel with the same digit symbols. Lightning symbol fills the only reel where it lands. Possible digit symbols that can appear from Lightning Feature: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Magnet Feature Magnet symbol is active on the fifth reel only. If digit symbols land anywhere in view along with Magnet symbol, they pay out as total bet multiplier. Several digit symbols are summed up firstly and then multiply the stake. Top Multiplier Feature 3 Top Multiplier symbols on the reels trigger Top Multiplier feature. It’s possible to choose ‘Take Offer’ or ‘Try Again’. If ‘Try Again’ is pressed then another offer is given. If ‘Take Offer’ is pressed then the offered winnings are collected and the feature finishes. 4 offers is a maximum in the feature. Winnings are collected on the last offer. x500 stake is a maximum offered winnings. If x500 stake is offered then the winnings are collected and the feature finishes no matter how many offers are left. The best strategy is to take winnings when the offer is more than: -For base game: x30.02 stake on the first offer; x25.74 stake on the second offer; x20.01 stake on the third offer. -For Increase Feature Chance: x23.93 stake on the first offer; x19.94 stake on the second offer; x15.95 stake on the third offer. The Top Multiplier progress bar fills each time a Top Multiplier symbol lands on the reels. However, Top Multiplier feature is only triggered when 3 Top Multiplier symbols appear in a single spin. Landing one or two Top Multiplier symbols will not trigger the feature via the progress bar. Increased Feature Chance mode Increased Feature Chance mode doubles the stake and increases chances to win Top Multiplier feature. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules 10x Minimum Top Multiplier operates with Connect Pays. Connect pays logic is that each individual symbol has 3 win lines: 1. Diagonal win line to the north-east. 2. Direct win line to the east. 3. Diagonal win line to the south-east. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the connected win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. It's not possible to create diagonal win line to the north-east when the symbol takes top position of the reel. It's not possible to create diagonal win line to the south-east when the symbol takes bottom position of the reel. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Maximum win is limited to $99,900.00. Winnings on different lines are added up. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Top Multiplier feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Game functions of buttons The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Click to start and play the game Click to change stake value. Click to open autoplay settings. Click to stop autoplay. Click to open menu with various settings. Click to enter/exit full screen. Click to open game history. Click to activate/deactivate Turbo mode. Click to disable the game sounds. Click to enable the game sounds. Click to open paytable and game rules. Click to open general game settings. Click to open game stakes. Click to open autoplay settings. Click to activate/deactivate Increased Feature Chance mode. Last modification date: 12/23/2025