10x Minimum Side Bet 10x Minimum Side Bet Game Help Experience a premium casino atmosphere in the new edition of the iconic 10x Minimum — 10x Minimum Side Bet! Winning games, strong cards, the atmosphere of a real, classic casino and unique gaming features. The Side Bet feature allows you an additional bet to ing the joy of the table with giant winning possibilities. See you at the table! General Information Two or more multipliers are summed firstly and only then multiply the stake. If there is a pip symbol between two card symbols on win line, these symbols will not form a multiplier. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 5 lines Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 Return to Player 93.28% SIDE BET Side bet is an optional bet that offer bonus payouts for specific winning combinations that have nothing to do with the main gameplay. Side Bet combinations are created on win lines only. 2 card combinations: - Mixed pair (same card rank, different suit and mixed colour) x30; - Coloured pair (same card rank, same colour, different suit) x60; - Perfect pair (same card rank, same colour, same suit) x100. 3 card combinations: - Flush (same suit and colour, different rank) x200; - Straight (sequential card rank, different suit and mixed colour) x400; - Trips (same card rank, different suit and mixed colour) x1200; - Straight Flush (sequential card rank, same colour, same suit) x1600; - Trips Flush (same card rank, same colour, same suit) x4000. If there is a pip symbol between two card symbols on win line, these symbols will not form a card combination. It is not mandatory for card symbols to go in sequence on win line to create Straight or Straigh Flush combinations. For example: number cards 4-6-5 on win line will create Straight combination. You can play without making Side Bet but you cannot play only with Side Bet. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Win lines pay left to right only starting either reel 1 or reel 2. Symbols must be adjacent left to right on win line to make a winning combination. Making side bet will not have any effect on the result of the main game. Side Bet winning combinations pay for Side Bet stake only. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 10/1/2024