Digipays GAME RULES Digipays Game Help It's all in the numbers... Yes, when you play DigipaysTM, the digits are the keys to unlocking fortunes that can be yours. In this simple but highly entertaining slot, what you see is what you get, which means the bigger the numbers that land on the reels, the bigger the potential payouts. DigipaysTM is a 3x3 slot with a twist, that promises to get your heart pumping. All it takes is just 2 consecutive digits to land on a payline to ignite your winning streak. The number becomes a multiplier and multiplies your bet. Watch out for the Respins symbol that triggers 3 respins, where all digits become sticky, and every new digit that lands reset the Respins to deliver even more digits for bigger multipliers and massive payouts. Get the Respins action started sooner with the Boost option which adds extra Respins symbols to the reels and boosts your odds of activating the Respins feature. What are your lucky digits? Play Digipays now to find out! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Golden Elk has 50 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 Number of Paylines 3 Game Features DIGIPAYS Payouts are awarded by landing a combination of Digits. A minimum of two consecutive Digits from left to right on a win line, form a multiplier. The total bet is then multiplied by the multiplier and awarded as winnings. RESPINS FEATURE When the respin symbol lands it awards 3 respins. The Digits from the feature triggering spin become sticky for the respins. Any Digits that land during the respins also become sticky. Only Blank symbols or Digits can appear during the feature Winnings are awarded after every respin The feature continues until no more respins remain Return to Player 96.04% Hit Rate 3.5% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 9/10/2024