Dinero N Oro SuperBonus Dinero N Oro Superbonus Game Help Dinero N Oro Superbonus brings the legend of Eldorado to the reels in a bold 5x3 format. With 10 paylines and vivid, gold-laced symbols. Each spin opens a new chapter in the search for ancient riches. In the base game, Wilds can expand to fill an entire reel when it helps to complete a win. Landing 3 or more Scatters triggers up to 10 Free Spins. Once activated, Expanded Sticky Wilds remain fixed in place for the feature, giving even more chances to win big. The Hold N Spin feature amplifies the anticipation and rewards, as it can trigger in the base game and Free Spins. In this fun-filled feature, only Bonus and Prize Coins appear for 3 Respins that reset each time a new coin lands. The Superbonus triggers randomly during the base game with only Prize Coins on the reels for 3 Respins that reset whenever another coin lands. With every respin during Hold N Spin or Superbonus, there is the possibility to win the Mini, Midi, Minor, Maxi or Major. Fill all the reel positions to clinch the Grand! The Buy Free Spins option is available for those who want to jump instantly into the Free Spins action. Take your treasure hunting to the next level with Dinero N Oro Superbonus. Start spinning now! Game Features FREE SPINS 3, 4 or 5 Scatters trigger 6, 8 or 10 Free Spins respectively. During the Free Spins, the Wild always expands to cover the whole reel, and it remains sticky during the feature. Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins, therefore the feature cannot be retriggered. During Free Spins, any combination of Bonus or Prize Coins on reels 1 and 5 triggers Hold N Spin. HOLD N SPIN Any combination of 5+ Bonus and/or Prize Coins in the base game, triggers Hold N Spin. During Free Spins, any combination of Bonus and/or Prize Coins on reel 1 and reel 5, triggers Hold N Spin. Only Bonus Coins or Prize Coins (excluding the Grand), can appear during the feature. The feature starts with the Bonus Coins and Prize Coins from the triggering spin. All coins remain sticky during respins. Whenever a new Coin appears, it resets the number of respins to 3. The feature ends when no more respins remain or all positions are filled with Bonus and/or Prize symbols. The GRAND is awarded when all the reels are filled. When the feature is triggered during the Free Spins, any Sticky Wilds will transform into Bonus Coins with a random value or into Mini, Minor & Major Prize Coins (excluding Grand), before the respins start. SUPERBONUS Random Prize Coins in the base game may trigger the Superbonus. 3 Respins are awarded, and only Prize Coins (excluding the Grand) appear during the feature. The feature starts with the Prize Coins from the triggering spin. All coins remain sticky during respins. Whenever a new Coin appears, it resets the number of respins to 3. The feature ends when no more respins remain or all positions are filled with Prize Coins. The GRAND is awarded when all the reels are filled. BUY FREE SPINS The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 50x the current total bet. When buying the Free Spins feature, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters can hit randomly on the triggering spin. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Hold N Spin or Superbonus. Respins wins are added to any initial wins. At the end of the Hold N Spin or Superbonus, the values on all Coins present on the reels are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). \ On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. RTP - 94% Last modification date: 3/4/2026