Vikings Creed Paytable Vikings Creed is a 20 bet line video slot featuring Free Spins, Walking Wilds with Re-spins and a Wild Berserk feature. All wins with Wild symbol pays 2x. Walking Wild When a Wild Symbol appears on the reels, a Re-spin is awarded. During the Re-spin, the Wild symbol moves one reel to the left and another Re-spin occurs. Re-spins continue as long as a Wild symbol is present on the reels. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. The Walking Wild feature appears both in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild Berserk The Wild Berserk feature appears randomly in the base game giving out up to 5 Walking Wilds. Free Spins cannot be triggered during the Wild Berserk feature. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols activate 6 Free Spins. Scatter symbols are not present during Free Spins. Wild symbols expand to cover the entire reel. When a Wild symbol appears during Free Spins, the Free Spins feature is paused and the Walking Wild feature becomes active. If additional Walking Wilds appear during Re-spins, the Re-spins will continue until the last Walking Wild has reached the leftmost reel and the following spin does not contain any Wild symbols. Free Spins are resumed when the Walking Wild feature ends. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating Free Spins. Rules & Information Vikings Creed is a 5 reel, 3 row slot with 20 bet lines. All 20 bet lines are always played. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.03% and maximum win is 5000x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 5000x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. Only the highest win combination per bet line is paid. A symbol can be used in multiple winning combinations. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 14 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Game Functions Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet size. Click to disable the game sounds. Click to enable the game sounds. Click to view the Autoplay menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay. Click the + or – buttons to change the Bet size. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Click to disable the quick spin. Click to enable the quick spin. TAB LIST Tab Function View the Paytable of the game. Modify the settings of the game. Last modification date: 5/29/2024