Mammoth Mayhem Mammoth Mayhem Game Help In a remote and desolate icy wonderland, Woolly Mammoths have survived and thrived. These gigantic creatures are also said to be the gatekeepers to frozen treasures that have been hidden for millennia. Gear up and join the trek to meet these majestic animals and to find the treasure, of course… Mammoth Mayhem is a 972 winning-ways, Woolly Mammoth-themed slot with a unique 3,3,3,6,6 reel layout. Packed with chilling features, the icy action begins when frosted symbols fill reels 1,2 & 3 to trigger a Giant Respin. The fun keeps coming when 3 or more Scatters land to award up to 40 Free Spins with reels 4 and 5 merged, plus the chance to win up to 20 more Free Spins. The adventure really kicks off with the Frozen Treasures Trek that awards Cash Prizes and Super Free Spins as you collect lava tokens and advance along the map. Let the Mammoth Mayhem begin! Play now! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 972 ways to win in Mammoth Mayhem. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 972 ways Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 | 2x6 Game Features GIANT RESPIN Win a Giant Respin when symbols (excluding Wilds and Scatters) with frosty backgrounds land on reels 1, 2 and 3. During Giant Respins, Wilds, Scatters, , and do not appear on the Giant Reel. FREE SPINS 3 or more Scatter symbols during the base game trigger up to 40 Free Spins. Reels 4 and 5 merge and spin together during Free Spins. Up to 20 additional Free Spins can be won during Free Spins. FROZEN TREASURES TREK During the base game, one or more lava tokens can appear randomly, anywhere on the reels. The lava tokens are collected and added to the token meter. When the meter is full, a Cash Prize or Super Free Spins are awarded, and the player progresses another step on the map. Click on the token meter to view progress on the map. When the map is open, click anywhere on the screen to return back to the main game. The Frozen Treasures Trek consists of 4 main stages and each stage has a number of steps before advancing to the next stage. Collect 80 tokens for each step, to proceed to the Sapphire Cave. Collect 100 tokens for each step, to proceed to the Ruby Cave. Collect 125 tokens for each step, to proceed to the Emerald Cave. Collect 150 tokens for each step, to proceed to the Diamond Cave. SUPER FREE SPINS During Super Free Spins, the reels change to a 6,6,3,3,3 layout. Each stage awards 10 Super Free Spins with unique features, plus a retrigger adds 2 extra Super Free Spins. Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 15.63% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/9/2024