Dragon Hatch GAME FEATURES Collect winning symbols to trigger the Earth Dragon Feature, Water Dragon Feature, Fire Dragon Feature and Dragon Queen Feature! WINNING SYMBOLS COLLECTION BAR During any spins, winning symbols that explode will be accumulated in the collection bar which is placed above the reels. After a certain amount of winning symbols are collected, a feature will be triggered during the round with no winning combination. 1.1 - DRAGON HATCH Dragon Hatch is a 5 by 5 arrangement of symbols video slot featuring various features that help in cascading more wins. The theoretical return to player (RTP) for this game is 96.83 . This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. 1.2 - SUMMARY Refer to the table below for a quick overview of our summary table Parameter Value Parameter Value Return to Player (RTP) MEDIUM Overall 96.83% Overall 30.17% Main Game 81.08% Main Game 29.70% Dragon Queen Feature 15.75% Dragon Queen Feature 0.48% Session Volatility MEDIUM Big Win, Mega Win, Super Mega Win* 1/335, 1/3197, 1/14789 Reel Type Collapsing Reels Owner, Developer Pocket Games Soft (PG SOFT™) Reel, Lines 5 Rows, 5 Columns (Bet 10 per spin) Tested By Gaming Associates Bet Size 0.02, 0.2, 2 Supported Platforms iOS, Android, HTML5, MacOS, Windows Bet Level 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 Optimal Display Resolution 1080x2340 (Required aspect ratio 19.5:9) Default Minimum Bet EUR €0.2 Jurisdictions UK Gambling Commission (UKGC) Default Maximum Bet EUR €200 Max Exposure (Simulated in 1 Billion Spins) 2027x High (Value;(x) MEDIUM) 15000x *Big Win bet multiplier is x20 to x35; Mega Win x35 to x50; Super Mega Win x50 2.1 - SPLASH SCREEN & MAIN GAME The main game is started when the splash screen fades out. 2.2 - WILD & SCATTER SYMBOL Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. 2.3 - WINNING SYMBOLS COLLECTION BAR During any spins, winning symbols that explode will be accumulated in the collection bar which is placed above the reels. After a certain amount of winning symbols are collected, a feature will be triggered during the round with no winning combination. 2.4 - EARTH DRAGON FEATURE During any spin, if 10 or more winning symbols are collected, the Earth Dragon Feature is triggered during the round with no winning combination. During the Earth Dragon Feature, all low paying symbols will be removed from the reels. 2.5 - WATER DRAGON FEATURE During any spin, if 30 or more winning symbols are collected, the Water Dragon Feature is triggered during the round with no winning combination. During the Water Dragon Feature, 4 Wild symbols will be added to the reels. 2.6 - FIRE DRAGON FEATURE During any spin, if 50 or more winning symbols are collected, the Fire Dragon Feature is triggered during the round with no winning combination. During the Fire Dragon Feature, a randomly chosen symbol (excluding Wild symbol) will be added on the reels in a checkered pattern (it will not replace any Wild symbol). 2.7 - DRAGON QUEEN FEATURE During any spin, if 70 winning symbols are collected, the Dragon Queen Feature is triggered during the round with no winning combination. During the Dragon Queen Feature, every low paying symbols will be transformed into high paying symbols. 3.1 - SYMBOL PAYOUT At every spin, any combinations of 4 or more symbols touching horizontally or vertically will result in a winning combination. For every winning combination, payout is made for each symbol according to the Paytable. After the payout of every round is made, all winning symbols will explode, allowing the symbols above them to cascade down for a new round. Additional winning combination will be tallied in every round until no more winning combination can be tallied. All wins shown in cash. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. 4.1 - MENU CONTROLS SPIN Tap to start spin at the current Base Bet, Bet Size and Bet Level. Tap the button or the game area during a spin to stop the reels. Press the key to start spin at the current Bet Lines, Bet Size and Bet Level. (applicable to PC version only) Press and Hold key will continue game spins until it is released. (applicable to PC version only) STOP Tap to stop Auto Spin. The number on the button indicates the remaining number of spins for Auto Spin. MINUS Tap to reduce the Bet Amount. PLUS Tap to increase the Bet Amount. WALLET BALANCE Tap to display the balance of available wallets. BET AMOUNT Tap to display the Bet Options. Bet Size: Scroll to select the Bet Size. Bet Level: Scroll to select the Bet Level. Bet Amount: Scroll to select the Bet Amount. Max Bet: Tap to set Bet Size and Bet Level to maximum value. AUTO SPIN Auto Spin automatically plays the game for a selected number of spins. Tap on the values to select number of Auto Spins. Stop Auto Spin if balance decreases by (value specified by player): Auto Spin is automatically disabled when the balance is decreased by this value (in reference to the balance when the Auto Spin is initiated). Tap on More to display more options for Auto Spin. Stop Auto Spin if balance increases by (value specified by player): Auto Spin is automatically disabled when the balance is increased by this value (in reference to the balance when the Auto Spin is initiated). Stop Auto Spin if a single win exceeds (value specified by player): Auto Spin is automatically disabled when a single win exceeds this value. TURBO SPIN Tap to enable or disable the Turbo Spin which will reduce the duration of reel spins in the main game. SOUND Tap to turn sound ON or OFF. PAYTABLE Shows winning combinations and paytable. RULES Show the game rules and button functions. HISTORY Shows details of the previous games played. Scroll down to the end to load more records. Tap to select the dates of games to be shown in History. WIN AMOUNT Tap to display the Game History. MORE SETTINGS Tap to access additional settings. CLOSE Tap to return to the Main Game The maximum win from a single game is £250.000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020