BlackWidow Game Overview "BLACK WIDOW” is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25 bet-lines, video slot game. The game contains 3 bonus features: Free Spins – “Black Widow cave”: Bonus game – “Exterminator”: Pick prize multipliers until 3 misses (3-12 selections) Bonus Game – “Seek and Destroy”: Pick 3 prize multipliers out of 17 Playing the Game: Choose the amount you'd like to bet with. Control the bet amount by clicking on the ‘Bet’ +/- symbol buttons. When you're ready to set the reels in motion, click on the "Spin" button on the side of the screen. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance! You can see your Total Win displayed on the lower part of the screen after each spin. Round can also be initiated using the Autobet . Game & Feature rules Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the games 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the 'Info' button. All prize multipliers are multiplied by the Line Bet amount ( 'Total bet' divided by the total number of 'lines' ). PAYOUT RULES IN MAIN GAME Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE Multiplied by the line bet amount. A bet line win in currency is equal to the prize multiplier multiplied by the line bet amount. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. PAYOUT RULES IN FREE SPINS Free Spins are played at the same bet configurations as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any initial bet line wins. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Spins. d Bonus Game – Exterminator The feature is triggered when the Exterminator ' bonus icon appears anywhere on reels 1&5 simultaneously. The goal in this bonus feature is to shoot as many enemy bugs as possible before you accumulate 3 misses i.e.hitting bugs that do not generate a prize. Every prize generating bug adds up to the total win multipliers count; The total amount of prize multipliers accumulated is multiplied by the Line Bet Bonus Game – Seek and Destroy The feature is triggered when the Seek and Destroy bonus icon appears anywhere on reels 2,3&4 simultaneously. The goal in this bonus feature is to find 3 hiding bugs; Each hiding bug generates a prize multiplier which is added to the total win multiplier count; The total amount of prize multipliers accumulated is multiplied by the Line Bet How to read the pay table The Paytable in a video slots game acts like a key, explaining the value of each symbol in the game. Each symbol has assigned to it a certain number value. The win amount is determined based on the number that the Paytable shows for a certain symbol multiplied by the line bet value that the player determines before he/she spins the reels. You can reference the Paytable and use the following formula to calculate what your win will be: Bet Value (Player sets this before spinning) x the number the Paytable shows for total number of hits for any given symbol = win amount. The paytable can be accessed by clicking the paytable icon on the left lower side of the screen. On mobile, inside the game setting pages, the paytable can be accessed by clicking on the paytable icon in the middle of the screen. Game Controls - Desktop Spin Starts a round Stop Stop reels SKIP skips win animations. Bet amount. Increase and decrease. WIN Display Balance Display Open Autobet settings Sound on/off Long click opens volume control Toggle screen size Open game to full screen and back Home Optional Cashier Open player account. Help Open Help page. INFO Open INFO and paytable screens. Autobet To use the autobet, a player clicks the autobet icon next to the “SPIN” button. Autobet – Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current line bet configuration. To set the number of automated rounds click10> to reveal other options, and then select the desired number of autobet rounds. To add limits and other options, open the setting panel using the [+] sign. Each setting can be set to on or off using the switches. Some limits require a numeric value that must be entered before autobet activation. Limits without a valid numeric value will turn off once autobet is activated. To close the setting panel click the [-] button. To start an autobet session, click the PLAY button. To pause an autobet session, click the PAUSE button. To exit the Autobet mode click the [X] button During autobet play, the settings panel is closed Mobile Control Button Image Description Spin Play a round (spins the reels) Autobet Opens Autobet settings Paytable Opens the paytable pages Home/Lobby Exit game to home/lobby of the host. Settings Opens settings page of the game Bet Display the stake for the current round. Balance Displays the player's balance WIN Displays current round, total win CLOCK Displays time of current player session All game settings and info pages such as help and paytable are accessed by clicking the settings icon. Setting Autobet - Mobile The player need to click the autobet floating icon, right above the spin icon in order to enter the autobet settings page. Autobet settings can also be reached through the game settings (Settings=>Autobet) Figure 1: Game autobet screen Figure 2: Generic autobet scheme Loss limit - Pauses the autobet function (see below) when the total loss of the user reaches this amount. (SUM(bet)-SUM(win)) >= Single Win - Pauses the autobet function (see below) when a single win payout = or more. Win Limit-- Pauses the auto bet function (see below) when the total Win of the user reaches the value set. (SUM(bet)-SUM(win)) <= Stop on win - When any single round results with a win of any size, the autobet deactivates. Free spins count as one round, so if a main game spin didn't win on any line but one of the free spins does win any amount, the round counts as a win. Stop on a feature - When free spins is achieved or a bonus game, the autobet deactivates. Each limit can be turned on or off by clicking on the on\off button next to it. To set the number of autobet rounds, the player picks the desired value from the top list of optional values by clicking on the desired value. When a limit is reached and the autobet stops, a message pops up in the center of the screen with a message according to the limit reached: "LOSS LIMIT REACHED" "WIN LIMIT REACHED" "WIN REACHED" "REACHED A WIN" "FEATURE REACHED" The message will fade out after 5 sec or by tapping the screen or a button To exit the autobet panel, the player can: Start the autobet rounds by clicking “START”. Exit autobet completely by clicking the “return to game” button on the right Autobet active view: When the autobet is activated, the player is returned to the game view. The spin button is replaced by a counter displaying the remaining autobet rounds. The autobet button changes into a “Stop autobet” icon. Clicking on the “stop autobet” or on the counter, stops the autobet and returns to regular game mode. Game settings page Sound settings – Ambience Sound – enabling or disabling the background music. Sound settings –Sound effects – enabling or disabling the sound effects. Generic game settings may vary slightly depending on the game version and platforms Reality Check The reality check is a message window informing the player of the time spent playing the current game session. The reality check reappaears at preset time intervals. The time intervals are set at the player account level of the the hosting web site. The player is offered three options: Continue – return to game and continue playing Go to account – opens account web page Quit game – exits the game and returns the player to host's lobby 12. General Information Game Type Video Slot 3x5 Number of Lines 25 Return to Player 95.08% Last modification date: 12/6/2017