Towers of Olympus Zeus, the god of the sky, has invited you for the adventure of a lifetime where incredible riches could be yours. On your journey, you will meet other legendary deities, have thrilling experiences and be given the opportunity to win life-changing rewards. Are you ready to have your world rocked? Towers of Olympus is a 5x4 slot with a plethora of features. Watch out for the Blue Mystery Towers that convert random symbols to create potentially more winning combinations. When 3 Blue Mystery Towers land they transform to Golden Mystery Towers up to 9 rows high and award Super Spins. When 3 or more Scatters land, enjoy Free Spins with a guaranteed Blue Mystery Tower on every spin. Using the Boost Feature boosts the chances of triggering the Free Spins. Zeus is waiting for you… Play Towers of Olympus now! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 59,049 ways to win in Towers of Olympus. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 59,049 Game Features MYSTERY TOWERS 2 Blue Mystery Towers reveal random symbols to participate in winning combinations. SUPER SPINS 3 Blue Mystery Towers trigger the Super Spins Feature. During the Super Spins, only Golden Towers, Lightning Shield and blank symbols participate. Revealed symbols do not need to be adjacent to each other to result in winning combinations. FREE SPINS 3, 4 or 5 more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins feature and award 8, 12 & 15 Free Spins respectively with guaranteed Blue Towers. BOOST FEATURE Boost the chances of activating the Free Spins with the Boost feature. Return to Player 96.36% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. The Free Spins feature ends when no more Free Spins remain or upon reaching the maximum payout. Malfunction voids all pays and play. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/6/2023