Gems & Riches Enter a futuristic world, where slots no longer have reels or rows. Gems & Riches is unlike any regular slot, with its unique layout of 9 hexagon gems, positioned in a diamond pattern that offers 176 ways to WIN! The ‘reel’ magic of this alluring slot are the unique features that take you on an intergalactic journey of fun and adventure. Gems & Riches is all about winning and the Hold & Respin feature puts players on the path to building their bankroll. Each time 4 or more white gems (scatters) land, it triggers the respin bonus and awards jackpot values or credits, plus there is even the possibility of the respins being retriggered for even more potential wins. Reels and rows are so last season; crank up the action and WINS in this GEM of a game! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 176 Return to Player 95.98% Game Features Random Wild Multipliers up to 10x and Hold & Respin feature. Jackpots available only during the Hold & Respin feature. Hit Rate 32.66% Game Features WILD multipliers The wild symbol is WILD for the red, orange, blue, purple and green gems. The wild symbol appears only in the center hexagon. The wild symbol can also award random multipliers, ranging from 2x to 10x. Hold & Respin During the base game, if 4 or more white gem symbols appear, it triggers the Hold & Respin feature. The positions where the white gems appeared remain active (highlighted) and 3 respins take place. Each time a white gem symbol appears on an active position, credits are awarded or possibly a jackpot amount. Credit wins are accumulated during the respins and are displayed at the bottom of the gem. Any jackpots awarded are accumulated and displayed at the top of the gem. The rewards might be credits ranging from 0.5x to 20x total bet amount or one of 4 jackpots: MINI – 50x total bet MINOR – 100x total bet MAJOR – 250x total bet MEGA – 500x total bet *Note: Only one jackpot can be won per position. After each respin, if a white gem lands on a non-active position, then the number of remaining respins is reset to 3 and that position becomes active as well. When all respins are completed, all the accumulated wins are awarded and added to the total win. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which is displayed in the base game and can also be accessed through the Info button. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, ided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on multiple patterns are added together. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features The Hold and Respin feature is played at the same bet amount as the base game round that activated the feature. Hold and Respin wins are added to any initial wins Jackpot wins are calculated by multipling the total bet by the Jackpot payout multiplier Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit (mandatory in UK) - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 4/8/2025