Super 60 Stars GAME RULES Super 60 Stars is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE . The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. They also offers a win equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for them to be on a winning line. Get 3 to 9 Silver Super 5 Stars symbols and multiply your bet by 100. Get 3, 4 or 5 Gold Super 5 Stars symbols and multiply your bet by 200. SUPER 60 GOLD X MINIGAME The Super 60 symbol can appear in any position and may trigger the ‘Super 60 Gold X’ minigame. When it appears, it moves to the Super 60 panel to try to enter the minigame. If access to the minigame is unlocked, three Super 60 coins will be released from the Super 60 panel, and the minigame will begin. The minigame has a 3x3 reels layout. 3 respins are awarded at the start of the minigame. During the minigame, only Super 60 coins and Super X symbols appear. Super X symbols increase the multiplier of the position they land on by 1 and then disappear. If a Super X symbol lands on a position that already has a multiplier, it will increase by 1. Prize coins that land on a position with a multiplier will have their value multiplied before being collected by the collector coin. The collector coins will only appear in the central reel, collecting and accumulating the values of the coins that appear on reels 1 and 3 during the minigame. The coin values, as multipliers for total bet, are 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. The Jackpots are: Minor = 10, Major = 40 and Grand = 150. At the end of the minigame, all the values accumulated from the collector coin symbols will be added to the total win. Each new coin will reset the number of respins to 3. The minigame will end when there are no respins remaining. SUPER 25 STARS WILD SYMBOL The Super 25 Stars symbol is a Wild and appears in the third reel. If the Super 25 Stars symbol is activated and the player lands a win, the symbols contributing to that win and the Super 25 Stars symbol will be fixed in place once the win has been awarded and the respin has been launched. This process will continue until there are no new winning combinations. Then the payment will be made and the spin will end. Each respin will also move the multiplier panel forward one step. The wins from the spin will be increased by the multiplier. CRYSTAL SYMBOLS A glowing star in the lower section of the reels will launch the Crystal Symbol feature. The first glowing star indicates the reel where the symbol will become crystallised. When the reels finish falling, a star may light up randomly to the right-hand side. This star indicates the chosen row where the symbol will be crystalised. After two stars light up, a panel with multipliers will appear to the left of the reels. The symbol at the intersection of the row and reel identified by the glowing stars will be transformed into a Crystal symbol. Then all of the other symbols of the same type will also crystallise, transforming and providing wins even if they are not in the payline. After all the same symbols are transformed during the first crystallisation, a multiplier will be randomly chosen from the side panel, which will then be applied to the win from the crystal symbols. The crystallised symbols will provide wins on any position of the played lines, according to the win table. SUPER 15 STARS If the SUPER 15 SYMBOL lands completely, the “Stars Fusion” minigame will be triggered. Stars Fusion Minigame You will initially be awarded 3 spins and 7 Super 15 symbols of the lowest win value, randomly placed in the reels. The symbol may also appear in the reels. If this happens, it will spin and then remain fixed in place throughout the minigame. If at least one symbol appears in a spin, the number of remaining spins will revert back to 3. Click the button for each spin. After each spin, the symbols will merge together in the best way possible to form a combination with the highest total payment. Each symbol may only be merged once in each spin. Once the mini game is finished, the amounts displayed for all the merges will be combined to grant the total win. The mini game will finish when there are no more spins left, or when the reels have been completely filled. The GRAND prize will be awarded when all the reels have been filled with symbols. The lowest win value is calculated as 1/5 of the total bet. SUPER 10 STARS SYMBOL The Super 10 Stars symbol launches the 'FRENZY' feature. If the Super 10 Stars symbol appears covering the full extent of the reel it will transform into a one reel Mini-Slot with new symbols to multiply your bet per line, get instant free spins or launch the new 'FRENZY' Wheel Minigame to multiply your total bet up to x100. You can get instant Free Spins, multiply your bet per line or access the "FRENZY Wheel Minigame" with the Super 10 Mini-Slot. 'FRENZY' WHEEL MINIGAME In the "FRENZY Wheel Minigame" you choose a color, then the wheel will spin. When it stops, if your chosen color is the same as the result of the spin, the associated multiplier will be applied and play will continue until you choose the wrong color or until you get a maximum x100 multiplier. If you have chosen the right color, the multiplier is applied to your total and you can choose to spin again.If you choose the wrong color, the multiplier adds to your total and the Minigame ends. SUPER 7 STARS WILD RESPIN It appears in the center reel and expands to occupy it entirely, becoming a WILD. Then it remains stationary and launches a respin on the other reels. WHEEL FEATURE The Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Three wheel symbols provide a turn of the wheel. The win obtained on the Wheel multiplies the value of the cost of the line that activated the feature. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols provide a free spins feature. The amount of free spins as well as multiplier for all of the wins during this feature is determined by the result of the previous mini game. During this feature, all of the wins obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini game. During this feature, three Bonus symbols give the same amount of additional spins obtained in the mini game that activated the current feature, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in total. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played with special reels, without a golden Scatter or Wheel symbols. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.3 %. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games was 3487.5 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1: 2000000000 . Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/24/2025