Outback Riches Outback Riches Game Help Embark on a thrilling adventure into the heart of the gold-laden Outback! Welcome to Outback Riches, the ultimate slot game where untold wealth and captivating characters await you. Join our spirited Kangaroo, curious Koala, cunning Snake, sly Dingo, and mischievous Wombat as they guide you through the vast wilderness in search of immense riches. With three immersive features, you'll feel the excitement of the Outback like never before. Spin the reels and uncover an abundance of golden treasure. The excitement begins when you trigger the game's exciting bonus features offering players the ability to select their rewards. Watch as the reels spin with wild abandon, creating winning combinations and boosting your chances of hitting that big win. General Information There are 5 picture symbols, 3 scatters and Wild symbol in Outback Riches. Game Features Mining Pots Feature Mining Pots feature is triggered by 3 gold mining symbols on reels 2-3-4. Reveal ‘PICK ME’ boxes to stack the same gold mining symbols 3 times to win the stake multiplier. 3 blue gold mining symbols award x25 multiplier. 3 green gold mining symbols award x50 multiplier. 3 purple gold mining symbols award x100 multiplier. The awarded multiplier multiplies the stake and winnings are paid. If no action is performed, a random box is selected automatically every 15 seconds. Gold Nuggets Feature Gold Nuggets feature is triggered by 3, 4 or 5 gold nuggets symbols. The feature starts with the lowest multiplier. Spin the wheel and decide the number of steps to move up the trail. Wheel stops at any one of the following 7 sections – 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, COLLECT. The numbers are the steps which will be made on the trail. COLLECT section collects current multiplier and the feature ends. The feature plays until the wheel lands on COLLECT section or the top multiplier is reached. The achieved multiplier multiplies the stake and winnings are paid. Gold Nuggets feature awards: x1 - x200. If no action is performed, the wheel spins automatically every 15 seconds. Canyon Feature Canyon feature is triggered by 3, 4 or 5 canyon symbols. Canyon symbols become active and contain multipliers. Select one of canyon symbols to reveal multiplier. The revealed multiplier multiplies the stake and winnings are paid. Canyon feature awards: x2 – x100. If no action is performed, a random canyon symbol is selected automatically after 15 seconds. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Gold Nuggets feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Gold Nuggets feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only gold nuggets symbols on the reels. Match 3 gold nuggets symbols on the reels to win Gold Nuggets feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the "Info" button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Mining Pots feature, Gold Nuggets feature or Canyon feature. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/9/2023