Piggy Bank Fortune Piggy Bank Fortune Game Help Break the Bank in Piggy Bank Fortune! Step into a world of colorful pigs and glittering gold coins with Piggy Bank Fortune, a slot game that combines strategy and excitement for a chance to win big. Piggy Bank Feature: Start with a massive x1000 multiplier and distribute it among three piggy banks. But here’s the twist—each round, one piggy bank is eliminated, while the other two carry your multiplier forward! After 5 rounds, the remaining multiplier is yours! Spin and win in Piggy Bank Fortune! General Information Piggy Bank Fortune is 3 reels game with 1 payline, Piggy Bank feature and Bells symbol mechanic. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 1 across the middle Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Return to Player 93.19% Game Features Piggy Bank Feature Piggy Bank feature is triggered when Piggy Bank symbol lands on the payline on the reel 3. Piggy Bank feature starts with x1000 multiplier. There are 5 rounds in the feature. In each round need to spread the whole multiplier over piggy banks. Rounds 1-4 have 3 piggy banks. Round 5 has only 2 piggy banks. It’s possible to put multiplier in one piggy bank or to split multiplier into different piggy banks. To distribute multiplier choose multiplier denomination and select the piggy bank to add multiplier. Finish Round' button is active when the whole multiplier is distributed over piggy banks. When multiplier is spread, a random piggy bank is smashed and next round starts. The remained multipliers go to the next round. When no rounds left, the remained multiplier multiplies the stake and the winnings are awarded. The feature also finishes when no multiplier left to save. "Reset" button resets distributed multiplier. After timeout multiplier is randomly distributed automatically and the round finishes. Timeout doesn't impact overall RTP. Bells Symbol Bells symbol acts as a paying bonus symbol: 1 Bells symbol pays x1 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 different symbols and the Bells symbol on the payline except the Bells symbol in combination with different Bar symbols). 2 Bells symbol pays x5 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 Bells symbols and a Blank or Piggy Bank symbol). Bells symbol also acts like a wild to make a winning combination and to multiply it: 1 Bells symbol on payline pays x3 winning combination. 2 Bells symbols on payline pays x9 winning combination. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except bonus symbols) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to payline win. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Piggy Bank feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Game functions of buttons The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Click to start and play the game. STAKE $1.00 Click to change stake value. AUTO Click to open autoplay settings. STOP Click to stop autoplay. Gamble Click to open Gamble feature. COLLECT$1.00 Click to collect the winnings. Last modification date: 8/19/2025