Mystic Manor Mystic Manor Step into the Mystic Manor where magic, mystery and enchantment come to life. You’ll be mesmerized by the treasures, enigmatic artifacts and spell books that will bring you closer to generous riches. Mystic Manor will have you reeling for more as you venture deep into this alluring slot, but fear not, because this mansion isn’t haunted; it’s simply brimming with positive energy, magical potions and thrilling adventures. Mystic Manor is a 5-reel, 4-row adventure slot like no other. The mystical Magic Box opens a world of exciting adventures including Random Wilds, Wild Swaps, Nudge Reels and more. The action doesn’t stop there, because when you collect and fill the treasure chest with special symbols, it triggers the Mystery Card Bonus feature with 4 possible jackpots to be won. Plus, for even more fantastic fun, there is the magical Free Spins feature with guaranteed WINS on every spin! Step into the Mystic Manor now…. You’ll be glad you did! Game Features Random Wilds At random, during a spin, the Magic Box may activate and open. The Magic Box will then enchant places on the reels where Wilds symbols will then appear for the current spin to form potentially more winning combinations. Wild Swap At random, during a spin, the Magic Box may activate and replace all symbols of the same kind on a reel and will transform them into Wilds for the current spin. Reel Nudge After the reels have stopped, the Magic Box may activate and nudge 1,2,3,4 or all 5 reels up and down to deliver a winning combination. Mystery Cards Special symbols can land on the 3rd reel anytime during play. Every time a special symbol lands, it goes into the Magic Box. Once the Magic Box is full, it will trigger the Mystery Card feature. You then have to pick cards until you match 3 of the same kind to win the corresponding Jackpot. MINI JACKPOT = x32 multiplier of the average bet amount* MINOR JACKPOT = x60 multiplier of the average bet amount* MAJOR JACKPOT = x160 multiplier of the average bet amount* GRAND JACKPOT = x800 multiplier of the average bet amount* *Average bet amount – see the "Payout Rules for Features" section below. Free Spins Anytime 3 Free Spins symbols land on any of the reels during a single spin, 10 free rounds (spins) are triggered. At the beginning of the Free Spins , a list of 4 special features is displayed on the screen. Wild Reels (full reels of wild symbols) Reel Nudge Wild Swap Random Wilds At random, one of the features will be awarded on every spin, and will only be active during that spin. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings, and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stopbutton that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop or the Spinbutton on mobile. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through theSetting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. The Mystery Cards bonus is played at the average total bet of the player. The average total bet for the player is calculated using the following formula: The sum of the total bets from rounds where special collectable symbols landed is divided by the total number of special symbols that were collected during those rounds. Example: If the player made bets totalling $100 and collected 20 special symbols, the average total bet is $100 / 20 = $5 Jackpots are calculated by multiplying the average total bet amount by the Jackpot payout multiplier. Using the example from above, if the player’s average total bet is $5 and the jackpot multiplier is X100, then the player will win $5 X 100 = $500 (average bet values are rounded to 2 decimal places. e.g. $10.3846 is rounded down to $10.38, or $12.4869 is rounded up to $12.49) Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of lines and bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit (mandatory in UK) - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/7/2024