Phoenix Kingdom Far away, in a magical place, hidden deep in the mountains is the Phoenix Kingdom. This is where the remaining mystical Phoenix birds have risen from the ashes and found safety and solitude from the world. Now is your once in a lifetime opportunity to visit the Phoenix Kingdom and if you prove yourself worthy, you will be gifted with great rewards. Phoenix Kingdom is a 5-reel, 3-row fantasy video slot with 50 paylines. Get the magic started with the Special Reel prizes, where above each reel is a Credits prize, Super Bonus, Free Spins or Wild Bonus that gets awarded when the Phoenix Egg lands on the reel. The Wild Bonus unlocks prizes that the Wild symbols hold and may award multipliers. To take your winnings to the next level, you might even get to spin the Super Bonus Wheel for a guaranteed win of 1 of 4 Super Bonus, including the Grand prize of a 1000x multiplier. Are you worthy of such incredible rewards? Play Phoenix Kingdom now to find out! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Phoenix Kingdom. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Lines Number of Reels and Rows 5X3 Game Features ·Special Reel Prizes: Above each reel, there are possible rewards which can be won when the Phoenix Egg lands on the reel. Prizes on reels 1 and 5 are locked only during the base game. The possible prizes are a Credits Prize, Wild Bonus, Free Spins or a spin of the Super Bonus Wheel. ·Wild Bonus: When a Phoenix Egg lands on the reel with the Wild Bonus prize above it, the credits displayed on the Wild symbols on that reel is awarded. ·Super Bonus Wheel: When a Phoenix Egg lands on the reel with a Super Bonus prize above it, the Super Bonus Wheel feature is triggered. ·Free Spins: When a Phoenix Egg lands on the reel with the Free Spins prize above it, the Free Spins feature is triggered. ·Stacked Wilds and Reel Tilt: Wilds come in stacks of 3 and a random tilt might occur on some reels to reveal additional Wilds. Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 36.81% Game Features Phoenix Kingdom is a 5-reel, 3-row, 50 lines video slot featuring Stacked Wilds, Special Reel Prizes, a Super Bonus Wheel, Wild Bonus and Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/12/2022