Viking Glory Game Description Step back in time and explore new lands while racking up massive rewards in Viking Glory slot. For almost 500 years, the Norse people were renowned traders, settlers and fierce warriors. Join the tribe as they conquer new territories and claim your bounty to boost your bankroll in this truly epic 5-reel, 3-row slot. Your thrilling Norsemen adventure awaits. Viking Glory is a 30 payline fantasy adventure slot overflowing with exciting features. The first unique feature is the Power Pay that awards multipliers, wilds, credits or respins. To add even more spectacular wins, there is the free spins feature that when triggered, gives the option of 3 free game quests that include the Viking Shield Wall, Viking Trade and Viking Wild Strike. To crank up the wins there is also the Scatter Jackpot with 5 potential jackpot prizes. It’s time to grab your sword and shield and immerse yourself in the ancient Viking ways for big wins and rewarding features! Game Information General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 30 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Power Pay – One or more Power Pay symbols trigger the feature which awards either random credits, wilds, multipliers or respins. Free Spins – 3 Viking ship symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spin feature with the option to select the Viking Shield Wall, Viking Trade or Viking Wild Strike free spins. Scatter Jackpot – 5 or more scatter symbols trigger the 5 tier jackpots. Return to Player 93.52% + 1% (increment) = 94.52% Hit Rate 39.29% Game Features Power Pay Credits: A random amount of credits is awarded for each Power Pay symbol and added to the total win from the round that triggered the feature. Wild Reel: All symbols on the reels where the Power Pay symbols appeared and all symbols on the reels to the right are replaced with wilds. The winning combinations are then paid. Multipliers: The Power Pay symbols on the reels are wild and award a random multiplier, ranging from x3 to x10. If there is more than one multiplier, they are added together. The Wild substitutes for all symbols excluding the free spins symbols. The win amount from the round that triggered the feature is then multiplied by the multiplier value. Respins: The Power Pay symbols on the reels each award between 1 and 2 respins that are then added together. The respins then take place and all wins from the respins are added to any initial winnings that triggered the round. Free Spins When 3 Viking Ship scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels in a single spin, it triggers the Free Spins feature. The player is then presented with 3 Free Spins options to choose from. Each Free Spin option awards 5 Free Spins with its own unique characteristics as follows: Viking Shield Wall Free Spins: During the Free Spins, one or more bow and arrow symbols will appear. The total number of bow and arrow symbols during the Free Spins is accumulated. At the end of the Free Spins the Viking Shield Wall mini-game is triggered. Based on the number of bow and arrow symbols collected, the player may shoot the corresponding number of shields on the shield wall, and each one will reveal a win amount. Possible win amounts are 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 5x and 10x the total bet value. The total win amount is calculated as Free Spin wins + Shield Wall wins. The bow and arrow symbols are available only during the Viking Shield Wall Free Spins feature. Viking Trade Free Spins: Money bag symbols may appear during the Free Spins. Each time a money bag symbol appears it increases the multiplier value by 1. The accumulated multiplier value can be seen above the reels. For each free spin round, the win amount is multiplied by the accumulated multiplier value. The money bag symbols are available only during the Viking Trade Free Spins Feature. Viking Wild Strike Free Spins: During the Free Spins, one or more Wild Strike symbols may appear on reel 5 in any position. Each Wild Strike symbol then expands horizontally over the entire row and converts all symbols in that row into a wild symbol to form winning combinations. The Wild Strike symbols are available only during the Viking Wild Strike Free Spins Feature. Jackpots When 5 or more Viking scatter symbols appear at the same time anywhere on the reels, it awards the corresponding jackpot displayed above the reels. Jackpots are progressive with each bet contributing towards the progression: 5 Viking Scatter Symbols = x5 multiplier of the bet amount 6 Viking Scatter Symbols = x10 multiplier of the bet amount 7 Viking Scatter Symbols = x25 multiplier of the bet amount 8 Viking Scatter Symbols = x50 multiplier of the bet amount 9 Viking Scatter Symbols = x100 multiplier of the bet amount When 3 or 4 Viking Scatter symbols appear at the same time anywhere on the reels, the payouts are as follows: 3 Viking Scatter Symbols = x1 multiplier of the bet amount 4 Viking Scatter Symbols = x3 multiplier of the bet amount Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the Bet + / - buttons and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons, and press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button. The round can also be initiated using the Autobet / Autoplay. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Info button All symbol multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autobet / Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of lines and bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit – Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win – Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit – Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win – The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature – The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/22/2025