Fire vs Ice Game Description Fire vs Ice depicts the ancient feud between the elements, as they battle against each other in an everlasting struggle for dominance. Fire vs Ice is a 5-reel, 25-line action slot packed with features including: Fiery free spins, always paying Icy bonus game, expanding and sticky wilds, feature triggering progression and more! So choose a side pit yourself into the incredible and eternal fight: Fire vs Ice Game Information Game paylines: General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines \ Ways 25 (Fixed) Number of Reels \ Rows 5 Game Features Fiery free spins that can be retriggered within the feature, Icy Bonus Game that can be retriggered on completion, Hot 7 expanding wild, Cold 7 expanding and sticky wild, Fire and Ice guns that can trigger Fiery free spins or Icy bonus game respectively, once they manage to destroy the opposing gun. Return to Player 93.87% Hit Rate (Optional) Default Denominations By Vendor Full Screen Support Yes Sound Control Yes Mobile Support Yes Game Features Fire vs Ice guns Two guns oppose each other at the top section of the game, above the reels, and perpetually fire beams of fire and ice at each other. Every winning round is considered either a hot or cold win, as a result of the sum of hot symbols vs the cold symbols lines participating in the win. A hot win powers the fire gun, while a cold win powers the ice gun. Once enough hot or cold wins occur in succession, the relevant gun will prevail and defeat the other gun, resulting in triggering the element's respective feature (fiery free spins for Fire, and Icy bonus game for Ice) *Any change of the bet amount after the balance between the guns has progressed beyond the mid-point will restore the balance between the guns to the mid-point. It is recommended to only change the bet amount while the guns are balanced at the mid-point.* Icy Bonus game The Icy bonus game can be triggered by 3 or more bonus symbols appearing anywhere over the reels. The feature can also be triggered by the Ice gun once it defeates the fire gun. Winning the round with 4 or 5 bonus symbols will win the player 1 or 2 more chances (retriggers) to complete the bonus game, respectively. If the Ice cannon wins while bonus symbols appear, it will contribute another retrigger to the triggering combination. Inside the bonus game the player is required to choose ice bricks in an ice pyramid. Select the right ones and reach the crown to retrigger the game. Choose the wrong one, and the remaining blocks will explode, and the game will end. Fiery Free spins To win the fiery free spins, 3 or more Free Games symbols will need to appear anywhere on the game reels. The feature can also be triggered by the fire gun defeating the ice gun. Winning the round with 4 or 5 bonus symbols will win the player 5 or 10 more free spins (retriggers), respectively. The game can also win more free spins by winning scatter symbols during a free spin or the appearance of a natural hot 7 wild over reel 5. If any of the above occurs, the player will be awarded with 5-20 additional free spins depending on triggering combination. Hot 7 Wild Aside from substituting for any symbol, except free games and bonus symbols, the Hot 7 Wild will expand more hot 7 wilds over 1-3 additional spots around it, in random. Cold 7 Wild The Cold 7 Wild, aside from substituting for any symbol, except free games and bonus symbols, will expand 1 more cold 7 wild over a random spot around it. Both symbols will then become sticky over their spots for 1 more round. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the ' Bet ' Plus / Minus buttons, and press or 'Spacebar' to submit the bet and initiate the round. A second click on the or the 'Spacebar' will fast-forward the round to the round results, or in the case of multiple lines winning, will skip the win animation and start the next round. The round can also be initiated using the 'Autobet \ Autoplay' . Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A line win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by the line bet amount. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the 'Info' button . All symbols multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by the number of paylines (25). Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Changing the bet amount will nullify the waypoint progression to the beginning of the current waypoint. Payout Rules in Features Free Games (Free Spins features) are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Games. Free Games wins are added to any initial bet line wins. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Games Spins. Change in the bet amount during sticky wilds boost will cause the losing of the boosts. All Bonuses and boosts multipliers are calculated on the current bet X the feature multiplier Game Controls Game Buttons ד Spin Starts a round Stop Stops the reels Skip Skips the win animations Autobet \ Autoplay Opens the autobet\ autoplay configuration Bet +/- Increases or decreases the bet amount Win Displays the current win amount and currency Balance Displays the player's current balance Volume Control (desktop only) Enables or mutes the sound Toggle Screen Size (desktop only) Opens and closes the game's full screen Home (optional) Directs the player to the website's home URL Cashier (optional, desktop only) Directs the player to the cashier or the 'My Account' page Help Opens the Help page. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings (desktop only) Opens the additional configuration screen Info Opens the info and paytable screens. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings Panel (desktop Only) Opens and closes the settings panel Autobet \ Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of line and bet configuration. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Desktop To open the autobet \ autoplay, click on the icon next to the “SPIN” button . To set the autobet \ autoplay number of rounds, click on Change Autobet Rounds and choose your desired number of rounds from the list. To close the list, click on AUTOBETS above the number of rounds list. To set the autobet \ autoplay limits, click on the 'Plus' sign on the upper right corner to reveal the autobet options. To minimize the options, click on the 'Minus' sign on the upper right corner. To start the autobet \ autoplay, click the play button on the bottom left corner. Once clicked, the play button will change to a pause button that will allow you to pause the autobet whenever you choose. You can only pause in between rounds/spins and not while the round is in play. To close the autobet, click on the X sign on the upper right corner. During autobet play, the settings panel is closed. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Mobile To access Autobet while playing from a mobile device, click on the autobet icon above the 'SPIN' button or click on the settings button on the bottom right corner and then on the autobet tab. To activate a limit, you will need to click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value on the right side ( in the case of 'Single Win', Win Limit' and Loss 'Limit' ) and click on the 'START' button on the bottom left corner. To exit the autobet \ autoplay screen without starting the autobet rounds, you will need to click the 'RETURN' button on the bottom right corner. After clicking on the 'START' button, the game will return to the main screen and the 'SPIN' button will show the autobet rounds counter. To stop the autobet \ autoplay, you will need to click on the autobet button again. Pausing the autobet is not possible in mobile mode. Autobet \ Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen and fade out after 5 seconds. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Loss limit - "Loss limit reached" Win Limit - "Win limit reached" Single Win - "Single win reached" On a Win - "Win reached" Stop on a feature - "Feature reached" Autobet \ Autoplay Rules in the UK Players from the UK (under the UKGC regulation) that want to use the autobet \ autoplay function, have to first set a loss limit and the number of rounds. Any attempt without these two limits set, will result in these fields being highlighted in red until set. In addition to these regulatory requirements, the maximum number of autobet \ autoplay rounds is 25. Mobile Settings Screen The mobile game settings screen can be accessed by selecting the 'Settings' button on the bottom right corner. Entering the settings options will allow you to control various aspects of the game: Sounds - Control the 'Ambient Sounds' and 'Sound Effects'. They can be switched on\off by selecting the appropriate checkboxes. By default the all sounds are switched on. Game Play - Toggle the 'Full Screen' on\off. You can also adjust the 'Quality' on\off. (The quality option exists only in specific games) Reality Check The reality check control alerts you as to how much time you have spent playing the game. The time interval can set by visiting 'My Account' through the host casino's website. *The reality check is mandatory under the UKGC regulation. The popup message displays the amount of accumulated time spent in the game, from the moment the game is launched until the popup appears. The alert message will popup in the middle of the screen based on the defined time interval and will stay on the screen until you choose one of three actions: Continue - You will return to the game being played. Go to Account - You will be redirected to your user account on the host website. In desktop mode, your account will open in a new window\tab. On mobile, the game screen will change to your account and will exit the game. Quit Game - This will exit the game and return you to the games lobby. Last modification date: 12/6/2017