King Koko's Quest GAME RULES King Koko's Quest Game Help Venture deep into the jungle to discover a mystical city of highly advanced apes that are ruled by King Koko. This magical place will captivate you, especially the immense treasures that it holds. Prove yourself worthy to join the monkey tribe and King Koko might just reward you with golden gifts. King Koko’s Quest is a 5-reel, 6-row slot with plenty of action from the very first spin. To kick off your winning streak, Walking Wild symbols can appear at random anywhere on the reels. Then, with each spin, the Walking Wilds move up 1 reel position and can substitute for other symbols to bring even more wins. Take your winnings to the next level with Wild Mania - Xplosion, where if a gorilla symbol lands behind a Walking Wild, then all adjacent symbols transform into Wilds. Rack up more wins with the Free Spins feature that offers unlimited reactivations Join the tribe and play King Koko’s Quest now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 40 winning lines in King Koko's Quest. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x6 Game Features Walking Wilds : Walking Wilds may appear anywhere on the reels at random and will then move up 1 reel position with each spin until they exit the reels. Wild Mania - Xplosion : When the Gorilla Symbol lands behind a Walking Wild, all adjacent positions become Wilds. Free Spins : 15 Free Spins + unlimited reactivations Return to Player 94.07% Hit Rate 40.16% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 12/31/2024