Charmed Rabbits Charmed Rabbits Game Help Welcome to an exciting Easter adventure with our slot game Charmed Rabbits! Join our cast of rabbits, each with a unique personality, and embark on a fun-filled adventure bursting with excitement and features that will allow you to hit the big winnings! Experience the mysteries of Charmed Rabbits with the Mystery Symbol, revealing hidden treasures and big surprises, Wild Features and Golden Eggs Feature, along with cascading win lines. Get ready to hop into the Easter spirit and win big with Charmed Rabbits! General Information There are 1024 winning ways, Cascades, Wise Rabbit Mystery feature, Wise Rabbit feature, Heroic Rabbit feature, Golden Egg Collection feature, Free Spins feature in Charmed Rabbits. Game Features Cascades After every spin, winning combinations are paid and all winning symbols (except scatters) disappear. The remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the gaps. This process is repeated until there are no more wins. In case of win in Golden Egg Collection feature and no win on ways, only Egg Basket disappears and cascade happens. Wise Rabbit Mystery Feature When Wise Rabbit symbol is in view, it reveals random paytable symbol. Wise Rabbit Feature Randomly on losing spin Wise Rabbit moves across the reels and changes random symbols to Wise Rabbit symbols or eliminates some random symbols and cascade happens. Heroic Rabbit Feature When Heroic Rabbit symbol lands in view, it expands to cover the full reel with Wild symbol. Wild also disappears and cascades when it’s a part of winning combination. Wild symbol doesn’t substitute for Free Spins symbol and Egg Basket symbol. Golden Egg Collection Feature When Egg Basket symbol lands in view, it collects stake multipliers from Golden Egg symbols. Multipliers from Golden Egg symbols are summed up and multiply the current stake, then winnings are awarded. Free Spins feature Free Spins feature is triggered by 3 or more Free Spins symbol on the reels. 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels award 10 Free Spins. 4 Free Spins symbols on the reels award 15 Free Spins. 5 Free Spins symbols on the reels award 20 Free Spins. 6 Free Spins symbols on the reels award 25 Free Spins. Multiplier feature is active during Free Spins. Free Spins feature starts with x1 multiplier. The multiplier increases by x1 after each cascade of the reels. All wins during Free spins are multiplied by the current cascade multiplier. When x10 multiplier is reached, 5 additional Free Spins are awarded. When x20 multiplier is reached, 5 more additional Free Spins are awarded. When x30 multiplier is reached, 5 more additional Free Spins are awarded. When x50 multiplier is reached, 5 more additional Free Spins are awarded. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: For base game: x34.2 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x85.9 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x158.6 stake when offered 20 Free Spins x249.5 stake when offered 25 Free Spins For Feature Spin™: x34.2 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x85.9 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x158.6 stake when offered 20 Free Spins x249.5 stake when offered 25 Free Spins For Buy feature: x34.2 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x85.9 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x158.6 stake when offered 20 Free Spins x249.5 stake when offered 25 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different lines are added up. Malfunction voids all pays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a winning way to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to ways wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 3/19/2024