Super Hot Joker GAME RULES Super Hot Joker - Game Help Want some fruity gambling fun packed with juicy rewards? Then, Super Hot Joker is for you. This “old-school” inspired slot with a modern twist is all about spinning the fruity reels. The familiar fruit symbols like cherries, lemons, oranges, watermelons and more provide for some mouth-watering payouts. To spice up the action, there are Free Spins, wilds and stacked symbols too! Super Hot Joker is a 5-reel, 4-row slot with 40 paylines. Winning is as easy as lining up 3 symbols on a payline. The golden bell scatter brings fantastic rewards when 3 or more land and it triggers 10 Free Spins. The fun doesn’t stop there, because stacked symbols bring even bigger prizes and if luck is on your side and a full wild reel occurs, then get ready for an impressive 1,000x payout! Get the juicy fun started now and play Super Hot Joker! General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Super Hot Joker is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40 winning lines video slot with a Free Spins feature. Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 47.4% Game Features Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins feature and awards 10 Free Spins. Any retrigger adds 10 extra Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 4/26/2023