Chicken Burst Megaways Chicken Burst Megaways Game Help The Chickens are back, and this time, they’ve got Megaways™ for you to win. Come and join your feathery friends for even more thrilling fun and egg-extravagant features than ever before.Chicken Burst Megaways™ is a 6-reel farm adventure like no other with 117,649 Megaways™ to win! Start growing a nest egg with the Lock N Spin Bonus that can trigger randomly whenever one or more Chicken Coins appear on the reels during the base game.Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. The feature starts with 3 respins and all coins remain sticky for the respins, during which only Bonus Coins, Prize Coins and burst Chicken Coins appear, plus each new coin that lands, resets the number of respins to 3.Blue Chicken Coins that appear during the Lock N Spin Bonus activate the Cashier Chicken which awards random values up to 10x or Prize Coin values. Red Chicken Coins activate the Multiplier which doubles all other Chicken Coins by 2x and then the Red Chickens turn into random values or Prize Coins. The Green Chicken Coins activate the Collector which collects the values from all other coins. Fill all positions and the Grand prize of 2000x will be all yours! Want to fly the coop? Fire up the Bonus feature instantly with the Buy Bonus feature anytime during the base game. If you want to rule the roost, play Chicken Burst Megaways™! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 117,649 ways to win in Chicken Burst Megaways. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 117,649 Number of Reels and Rows 7x7x7x7x7x7 Game Features LOCK N SPIN BONUS The Chickens above the reels collect their respective colour Chicken Coins and may also increase the size of the chicken. Whenever one or more Chicken Coins appear on the reels during the base game, there is a chance that the LOCK N SPIN bonus feature will be triggered. The individual or combination of Chickens that activated the Bonus, determines the starting coins and coins during the feature. The bonus starts with 5 Bonus Coins and the bursted Chicken Coin. Only Bonus Coins, Prize Coins (except GRAND) and respective bursted Chicken Coins can appear during the feature. Possible Bonus Coin values: 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x current total bet. Each Blue Chicken Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates Cashier which awards a random value or Prize Coins value (except GRAND). Possible random values: 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x current total bet. Each Red Chicken Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates Multiplier which multiplies all other coins by 2x (except Prize Coins) and turns into a random value. Possible random values: 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x current total bet. Each Green Chicken Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates Collector which collects the values from all other coins (except Prize Coins). The bonus starts with 3 respins. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new coin resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain or the reels are full. The GRAND PRIZE is awarded when all positions are filled. BUY BONUS The Bonus feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 50x the current total bet. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY BONUS 93.71% Return to Player 94.09% Hit Rate 28.08% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 5,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. The symbols grid from the bonus triggering spin is used during respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together and are awarded. Last modification date: 2/24/2026