Oktoberfest Frenzy Oktoberfest Frenzy Help Raise your glasses and prepare to plunge into the atmosphere of the world-famous Oktoberfest festival together with Oktoberfest Frenzy! You will find not only fun filled with true German flavour but also big winnings, a lot of excitement, and features such as: Oktoberfest Frenzy: This special symbol collects multipliers from the beer glasses on the screen. These multipliers are then combined and multiplied by your bet, offering incredible win opportunities with multipliers of x4, x10, or even x20. Feature Respin™: This feature allows the opportunity to experience the Free Spins feature twice! Celebrate Oktoberfest in style with Oktoberfest Frenzy. Spin the reels, enjoy the festive features, and toast to your big wins! General Information Oktoberfest Frenzy is a 5-reel 10-line game with Free Spins, Feature Respin™, Oktoberfest Frenzy feature. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.22% Feature Spin™ RTP 4 free spins 93.12% Feature Spin™ RTP 8 free spins 93.12% Feature Spin™ RTP 12 free spins 93.12% Buy Feature RTP 10 free spins 93.16% Buy Feature RTP 15 free spins 93.12% Buy Feature RTP 20 free spins 93.15% Game Features Free Spins feature When 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Oktoberfest Frenzy feature is active during Free Spins. No Free Spins symbols are available during the Free Spins feature. OKTOBERFEST FRENZY FEATURE Cash Collection symbol is active during base game and Free Spins. Beer glass symbols have attached cash values. Each Cash Collection symbol on the reels collects the prize values from all beer glass symbols on the reels. Cash Collection symbol also acts as Wild symbol. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x20.90 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x31.40 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x41.80 stake when offered 20 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x11.60 stake when offered 4 Free Spins x23.20 stake when offered 8 Free Spins x34.80 stake when offered 12 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x42.00 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x65.30 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x89.90 stake when offered 20 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Match 3 active small beer glass symbols to win 4 Free Spins. Match 3 active medium beer glass symbols to win 8 Free Spins. Match 3 active large beer glass symbols to win 12 Free Spins. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Malfunction voids all pays. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/23/2024