Book Of Deities Book of Deities Game Help Step into the world of Egyptian gods and majestic symbols in Book of Deities, a slot game where divine treasures await! With a Free Spins Feature where you can pick your own expanding symbol, Feature Respin™. Explore the mysteries of ancient Egypt and let the Book of Deities guide you to fortune. Spin now and claim your place among the gods! General Information Book of Deities game has 5 reels and 10 win lines. The game highlights Free Spins feature with Special Expanding symbol. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.26% Game Features FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Free Spins symbols land anywhere on the reels. Free Spins feature awards 10 Free Spins with Special Expanding Symbol and bonus winnings. 3 Free Spins symbols award x2 stake bonus winnings. 4 Free Spins symbols award x20 stake bonus winnings. 5 Free Spins symbols award x200 stake bonus winnings. Additional Free Spins can be awarded during the feature. 3 or more Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 10 additional Free Spins. After timeout a random expanding symbol is selected and Free Spins feature starts. RTP is equally distributed among the symbols and autopick doesn't impact overall RTP. SPECIAL EXPANDING SYMBOL Select one symbol as Special Expanding Symbol before starting Free Spins. This symbol expands to cover a full reel if a winning combination is possible. Special Expanding symbol will expand only when additional winnings can be awarded along active win lines for winning combinations. Expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. WILD SYMBOL Free Spins symbol also acts as Wild. It substitutes for all symbols to form a winning combination. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: х67.5 stake when offered 10 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except Free Spins) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Malfunction voids all pays. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 4/29/2025