The Thunderer Prepare for thundering action as you journey to Mount Olympus, where Zeus, the most powerful of the Greek gods will shower you with great fortunes! Renowned for his brave winged horse Pegasus and his ability to throw lightning bolts, this is one adventure you will never forget! Thunderer is a 3-row, 5-reel video slot, packed with plenty of features including expanding reels with Mystic ball symbols that award credits and jackpot prizes. The Wheel feature is your gateway to Free Spins and jackpots that are out of this world. The Thunderer guarantees lightning-fast thrills from the very first spin. Feel the thunder and let Zeus be your guide to spectacular wins! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 243 ways to win. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Expanding Reel Feature Wheel Feature Free Spins Return to Player 97% Hit Rate 30.81% Game Features Expanding Reel Feature Three Mystic Ball symbols on reel 1 trigger the Expanding Reel Feature and adds up to 3 extra rows in the base game and up to 5 extra rows during the free spins feature above reels 2-5. If only one or two Mystic Ball symbols appear on reel 1, the reel will nudge to add the extra Mystic balls to fill the reel, which will then trigger the Expanding Reel Feature. During the feature, each Mystic Ball symbol on adjacent reels, beginning from reel 2, will award the prize displayed on it. Mystic Ball symbols on reels 2 to 5 can consist of credit prizes up to 20x the total bet and/or jackpot prizes (Mini, Minor, Major and Mega). The Expanding Reel feature occurs more frequently during the Free Spins. During the Expanding Reel feature, only Mystic Ball prizes are awarded. All other "way pays" (regular combinations & symbols) are not evaluated. Wheel Feature Three Scatter symbols on reels 3, 4 and 5 trigger the Wheel Feature where 1 spin of the wheel is awarded. The wheel awards either Free spins or a Jackpot. Free Spins: Free Spins are triggered during the Wheel Feature and award up to a maximum of 20 Free Spins. Scatter symbols do not appear during the free spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop or the Spin button on mobile. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 9/7/2023