Triple Valentine GAME RULES Triple Valentine is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows that offers 10 paylines. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Wild symbol can substitute for any other symbol except heart symbols. The Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. If at least one green heart symbol appears on the spin, the "Extra Spin" feature could be triggered. If at least one blue heart symbol appears on the spin, the "Double Reel" feature could be triggered. If at least one purple heart symbol appears on the spin, the "Multipliers" feature could be triggered. Each cupid above the reels collects heart symbols of its same color. The combination of heart symbols that triggers the Mini-Game determines the features awarded. Heart symbols indicate the win they award. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. VALENTINE HEARTS 3 respins are awarded at the start of the Mini-Game. The Mini-Game ends when no respins remain or all cells on the reels are filled with golden heart symbols. When the game ends, the values of all golden heart symbols are summed and the total win is paid. Each new golden heart symbol resets the respins counter to 3. The random appearance of golden hearts with Mini, Minor, or Major texts awards their corresponding win. The Mini awards 15x bet, the Minor awards 30x bet, the Major awards 100x bet and the Grand awards 1000x bet. Fill all cells in the Mini-Game to win the Grand win. EXTRA SPIN At the start of the Mini-Game, the "Extra Spin" feature increases the number of respins to 4. Each new golden heart symbol resets the respins to 4 during the "Extra Spin" feature. DOUBLE REEL At the start of the Mini-Game, the "Double Reel" feature adds a second independent set of reels. All golden heart symbols are duplicated on the second set of reels. Each reel set has its own independent respins counter. The Multipliers feature can be triggered independently on each reel while "Double Reel" is active. MULTIPLIERS The "Multipliers" feature randomly adds 2x, 3x, or 5x multipliers to any golden heart symbol on the reels. Only one multiplier can land on a golden heart symbol per spin. The value of a multiplier landing on a cell with a previous multiplier is added to it. Multiplier values are applied at the end of the Mini-Game. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.4% (Buy Minigame 95.4%). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Last modification date: 1/27/2026