Get The Coins GAME RULES GET THE COINS! is a slot machine with 3 reels and 3 rows. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. Landing at least one coin on each reel triggers the GET THE COINS! mini-game. Coin symbols pay only during the GET THE COINS! mini-game. No regular symbols appear during the base game, and prizes can be won only in the GET THE COINS! mini-game. GET THE COINS! COINS The minigame has a 3x3 reels layout. The coins obtained in the spin that triggered the mini-game are awarded. There are 3 types of coins: collector, win, and Minor, Major, or Grand win. 3 respins are awarded at the start of the minigame. The collector coins will only appear in the central reel, collecting and accumulating the values of the coins that appear on reels 1 and 3 during the minigame. Only coin symbols appear during the mini-game. At the end of the minigame, all the values accumulated from the collector coin symbols will be added to the total win. Each new coin will reset the number of respins to 3. The minigame will end when there are no respins remaining. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the gameloads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.4% (Buy Free Spins 95.4%). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/30/2025