Dreamy Divas Dreamy as Game Help Jump in the sports car and enjoy the wind in your hair. We’re going to the hottest summer pool party of the year. The cocktails will be flowing, and all the gorgeous as will be there showing off their latest swimsuits. Now is your chance to mingle with the rich and famous! Dreamy as is 6-reels of spinning fun with its unique 3,4,4,4,4,3 layout that allows for Mega symbols that can bring dreamy rewards. As you spin, 4x4 Mega symbol variations of the high-paying symbols, Wilds and Mystery symbols can cover reels 2-5. After a spin, all Mystery symbols on the reels transform into the same paying symbol or a Wild.Enjoy even more fun and rewards if 2 Bonus symbols appear anywhere on reels 1 and 6 to trigger the Bonus game feature. Then, pick 3 matching symbols to reveal up to 50 Free Spins with multipliers or possibly the Dreamy Free Spins with Sticky Wilds, an increasing multiplier and +1 Free Spin for every Mystery symbol that appears. Ready? Let’s go!Play Dreamy as now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Dreamy as has 100 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/31/2025