Rio Fever Game Overview Game Description Join the greatest samba spectacle in the world in this fun, sunny flight to Rio! This 5-reel, 40-lines slot, with razor sharp graphics and immersive sound track, is packed with features, bonuses and free spins. Rio Fever is no doubt going to be one of your favorite games. Game Information Game paylines: Only the highest win pays per line. Winning combinations are in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Malfunction voids all pays. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines \ Ways 40 (Fixed) Number of Reels \Rows 5 Main Game Features Wild Ginga Random Wilds "Bonus Wheel" Features Bonus Multipliers, Samba Parade free spins, Wild Ginga free spins Free Spins Amount x3 and x7 Return to Player 96.04% Hit Rate (Optional) 19.62% Default Denominations By Vendor Full Screen Support Yes Sound Control Yes Mobile Support Yes Main Game Features Wild Ginga Random Wilds: Every so often, a random wilds feature will trigger over any number of the reels before the reels stop. During that time, it will leave a random track of 1 to 20 wilds behind it over the reels. The random wild will replace any symbol except the bonus symbol to create a winning line. Bonus Wheel Features Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the game reels will trigger the 'Rio Fever Bonus Wheel' feature. This feature can have one of the following three outcomes: Bonus Multipliers - If the wheel lands on one of the six possible 'Bonus Multipliers', the 'Bet' amount will be multiplied by this number. 'Samba Parade' free games mini game. 'Wild Ginga' free games mini game.' Samba Parade In this mini game, you will be awarded with 7 free games. During the game play, starting from the second spin, a sticky wild symbol will randomly be added to one of the reels and will remain there the entire duration of the mini game. The bonus symbol will not be available during the mini game. Wild Ginga The player is awarded with 3 Free Games. On each spin, carnival trumpets will fill up to 5 full reels with Wild symbols, which will remain active for the same spin. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the ' Bet ' Plus / Minus buttons, and press or 'Spacebar' to submit the bet and initiate the round. A second click on the or the 'Spacebar' will fast-forward the round to the round results, or in the case of multiple lines winning, will skip the win animation and start the next round. The round can also be initiated using the 'Autobet \ Autoplay' . Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. All win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by bet per line. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the 'Info' button . All symbols multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 40, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added together. All wins occur on the selected lines Malfunction voids all pays. Payout Rules in Free Games Free Games (Free Spins features) are played at the same stake as the round that activated the Free Games. Free Games wins are added to any initial bet lines wins. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Games Spins. Autobet \ Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of lines and bet configuration. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Desktop To open the autobet \ autoplay, click on the icon next to the “SPIN” button. To set the autobet \ autoplay number of rounds, click under Set Autobet Rounds to choose your desired number of rounds from the list. To start the autobet \ autoplay, click the play button on the bottom right corner. Once clicked, the play button will change to a pause button that will allow you to pause the autobet whenever you choose. You can only pause in between rounds/spins and not while the round is in play. To close the autobet, click on the X sign on the upper right corner. During autobet play, the settings panel is closed. How to use the autobet \ autoplay feature - Mobile To access Autobet while playing from a mobile device, click on the autobet icon on the right of the 'SPIN' button. To activate a limit, you will need to click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value on the right side ( in the case of 'Single Win', Win Limit' and Loss 'Limit' ) and click on the 'START' button on the bottom left corner. To exit the autobet \ autoplay screen without starting the autobet rounds, you will need to click the 'X' button in the top right corner. After clicking on the 'START' button, the game will return to the main screen and the 'Bet change' button will show the autobet rounds counter. To stop the autobet \ autoplay, you will need to click on the autobet button again. Pausing the autobet is not possible in mobile mode. --> Autobet \ Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen and fade out after 5 seconds. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Loss limit - "Loss limit reached" Win Limit - "Win limit reached" Single Win - "Single win reached" On a Win - "Win reached" Stop on a feature - "Feature reached" Last modification date: 7/5/2022