10X Minimum Gift Edition 10x Minimum Gift Edition Game Help Unwrap the magic: Presenting "10x Minimum Gift Edition" – a Christmas Miracle on every spin! Experience the charm of the classic 10x Minimum game reimagined for the holiday season! Every spin is infused with the magic of Christmas, creating an atmosphere that feels like unwrapping presents on a snowy Christmas morning. Brace yourself for the ultimate surprise with our Gift Edition Feature! Holding gifts in place for multiple spins to increase win potential! With "10x Minimum Gift Edition" every spin is a celebration, and every win feels like a unwrapping a gift! General Information During the game digit symbols from 0 to 9 and pip symbol are active. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. Two or more numbers are summed firstly and only then multiply the stake. If there is a pip symbol between two digit symbols, these symbols will not form a number on win line. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 5 lines Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 Return to Player 93.11% Game Features Gift Edition Feature Each digit symbol has an attached gift. When reels stop, gifts reveal a number between 2, 3 and 4. This number represents the number of spins that the digit symbol will stay on the reels. After each spin the number decreases by 1. When there is no number left anymore on the gift, the symbol does not stay on the reels for the next spin. All numbers on the gifts are removed after any win. Gift Edition feature is saved for each stake and doesn't carry over other stakes. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Win lines pay left to right only starting either reel 1 or reel 2. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 12/12/2023