10x Minimum Take It Or Build It 10x Minimum Take It Or Build It Game Help Feel the heat and roll the dice in 10x Minimum Take It Or Build It — a fiery fusion of red-hot style and classic gameplay! Step into a world where bold choices lead to blazing rewards. The Dice Collection Feature brings the thrill of chance to the forefront — 9 dice are thrown, and the total roll reveals a multiplier that can light up your balance! Keep the action burning with exciting additions like the Pick Me feature and the collection mechanic. Will you take the win — or build it bigger? Spin the reels of 10x Minimum Take It Or Build It and feel the fire of fortune! General Information There are no paylines in the game – instead the objective is to collect individual digits that total 10 or more. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines No paylines Number of Reels and Rows 5x5 Return to Player 93.18% Game Features During the game digit symbols 1-9 are active. There are no traditional paylines in the game. Each digit has a dice that shows the number of paid spins the digit will stay on the reels. The starting number on the dice is 3. After each spin the number decreases by 1. When there is no number left anymore on the dice, the symbol will not stay on the reels for the next spin. Once the total value of digits on the reels reaches 10 or more it will form a stake multiplier. The stake will be multiplied and there will be two options: Collect: Collect current winnings. After collection the winning digits won’t stay for the next spin. Spin: make another spin. This could either increase your total or drop it below 10, removing the collect option. If the total of digits is 10 or above after spinning again, the same choice ‘Collect’ or ‘Spin’ will appear. The best strategy is always to collect the winnings. If no selection is made, the winnings will be collected automatically after timeout. The state of game is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. DICE COLLECTION FEATURE The center 9 symbol spaces on the reels form 3x3 grid. When a Dice symbol lands on these spaces, it transfers to corresponding segment of the 3x3 grid outside the reels. Dice Collection feature is triggered when 3x3 grid outside the reels is fully filled with Dice symbols. When the 3x3 grid is full, all dice are rolled, each showing a value from 1 to 6 (number of spots on the side). The sum of the 9 dice is then multiplied by the current stake to determine the win. Dice Collection feature gives 2 opportunities to re-roll all dice. Winnings are awarded either when ‘Take Offer' is clicked or after 'Try Again’ is chosen for the second time. Once you re-roll the dice, the previous result is lost and cannot be restored. The best strategy is to take winnings when the offer is more than: x33.56 stake on the first offer. x31.50 stake on the second offer. If no selection is made, the best strategy will be selected automatically after timeout. After the feature the 3x3 grid is cleared. PICK ME FEATURE Pick Me feature is triggered when question mark symbol lands on the reels. Pop-up with 3 question marks appears. There are digit symbols under question marks. The revealed digit symbol replaces question mark on the reels. White question mark contains 1, 2, 3, 4 digit symbols. Gold question mark contains 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 digit symbols. If no selection is made, a random question mark will be selected after timeout. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Digits form a stake multiplier once the total of digits on the reels reaches 10 or more. Maximum win is limited to $56,250.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Last modification date: 2/10/2026