Jonny Ventura and The Eye of Ra For thousands of years, historians, scientists, treasure hunters and adventure seekers have been uncovering the rich history and treasures of ancient Egypt. One of the most fascinating Egyptian characters of all time is Ra, the ancient Egyptian deity of the sun. If you’re looking for some thrilling action, then join Jonny Ventura as he uncovers more secrets and treasures than ever before. Jonny Ventura & The Eye of Ra is a 3-row, 5-reel slot that is brimming with adventure features such as Free Spins with a random symbol that expands to become a special symbol. For the true thrill seeker, the gamble feature, after every win, allows you to double or even quadruple your win up to five times. Now you can explore ancient Egypt from the comfort of your phone or computer while raking in the rewards with Jonny Ventura & The Eye of Ra. Make your Mummy proud; play Jonny Ventura & The Eye of Ra now! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Return to Player 96.5% Hit Rate 31.97% Game Features Betting Lines - Select the amount of paylines to bet on. There are 10 paylines. Eye of Ra Free Spins - 3 or more scatter symbols trigger 10 free spins with a special symbol. Special Expanding Symbol - A random symbol becomes a special expanding symbol during the Free Spins. Gamble Option – Gamble the winnings from a round with the potential to multiply the win by 2x or 4x. Betting Lines Choose the number of paylines to bet on between 1 and 10 by clicking on the payline numbers located on the sides of the reels. Eye of Ra Free Spins 10 free spins are awarded when 3 or more scatter symbols land. A random symbol is chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the free games. After each spin & the winnings have been evaluated (if any), the special symbol expands over the whole reel if it will bring additional winning combinations. Landing an additional 3 or more scatter symbols during the free spins will award an additional 10 spins with the same special expanding symbol. Special Expanded symbols do not need to be adjacent to each other to result in winning combinations, they simply need to be on active paylines. Gamble Winnings After each winning spin, a “Gamble” button activates, giving the player the chance to gamble the amount won which could multiply the won amount by 2x or 4x. The player can skip the gamble feature and collect their initial winnings by pressing the “Collect” button, Spin button or the spacebar. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. To configure the number of betting lines, click on the corresponding numbers located on the sides of the reels. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for special expanding symbols that pay for any position on an active line. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 10, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier. Only the scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected (active) paylines, excluding scatter wins that pay for any position. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins and with the same number of paylines. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/21/2022