Carnival of Calacas Day of the Dead, aka, Día de los Muertos is a celebration to remember. This festive Mexican holiday is all about honouring and celebrating the dead by welcoming back their souls with a huge celebration. Get dressed up, put on your skull mask, and join the festivities to win big when you play Carnival of Calacas. Carnival of Calacas is a 5x3, Day of the Dead themed slot with 20 paylines and loads of fun features. Start the celebration with the Ofrenda Bonus that triggers when 3 baskets land and lets you pick one to reveal a multiplier. Keep the party going with the Catrina Bonus which gives you a spin of the multiplier wheel with a top prize of 500x. When the El Camino De Los Muertos bonus feature triggers, you’ll be dancing with joy as you play this mini-game for a chance to win a 1000x multiplier. Let the festive fun and winnings begin! Play Carnival of Calacas now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Carnival of Calacas has 20 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Number of Paylines 20 Game Features OFRENDA BONUS 3 or more BASKET symbols trigger the Ofrenda Bonus feature. The multiplier awarded is dependent on the number of symbols that triggered the bonus feature and varies from 2x-500x. CATRINA BONUS 3 CATRINA symbols trigger the Catrina Bonus feature. The multiplier awarded ranges from 50x-500x. EL CAMINO DE LOS MUERTOS BONUS 3 or more CATRIN symbols trigger the El Camino De Los Muertos Bonus feature. The multiplier options are dependent on the number of symbols that triggered the feature and vary from 1x - 1000x. Return to Player 96.06% Hit Rate 47.34% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Choose the number of paylines to bet on between 1 and 20 by clicking on the up and down arrows on the side of the reels. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature and with the same number of paylines. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen.