Alice in Vegasland GAME RULES Alice is always up for a new adventure, especially if there are prizes and rewards. Join Alice down the rabbit hole and emerge in the most magical and thrilling place. With bright lights, endless action, captivating features and a wonderland of rewards, this is where dreams and fantasy come true. Welcome to fabulous Vegasland! Alice in Vegasland is a 5x3 slot that kicks off the action with the Vegas Free Spins where a random symbol is selected, and every time it lands, it can expand over the entire reel. You will be hopping around with joy when the Rabbit Bonus Spins trigger, and for 10 Free Spins, every time a Wild symbol lands, it locks in its position till the end of the feature. Plus, if 2 or more locked Wilds are on the same reel, they will combine for even more Vegas-winning fun! Play Alice in Vegasland now, and soon you will be grinning like a Cheshire cat! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Alice in Vegasland has 10 winning lines. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features During the base game Vegas Free Spins and Rabbit Bonus Spins can't be triggered on same spin. VEGAS FREE SPINS 3 or more Book Scatter symbols during the base game trigger 10 Free Spins with a special expanding symbol for possibly more wins. Vegas Free Spins can be retriggered. Rabbit Bonus symbol is not available during Vegas Free Spins. RABBIT BONUS SPINS 3 or more Rabbit Bonus symbols during the base game trigger 10 Free Spins with locked Wilds. Book Scatter and Rabbit Bonus symbols are not available during Rabbit Bonus Spins. Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 28.11% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 10, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/1/2023