Halloween Wins 3 GAME RULES Halloween Wins 3 is a slot machine with 5 reels and 4 rows, which has 50 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus and Scatter. DRACULA RESPIN If the full Dracula Wild symbol appears on the central reel, it will be fixed in place and launch a respin on the other reels. Dracula symbols may appear on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 during the respin. TRIPLE ELECTRIC WHEEL Three Frankenstein symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the triple electric wheel. The wheel has three rings with multipliers and pockets. Frankenstein will turn the first of these three rings, which will stop in a pocket. You will multiply your bet by the pocket value and the minigame will end. If the pocket is electric, the next ring will start to operate and stop in a new pocket. This ring will continue to stop in new pockets until it finds a winning pocket. During the minigame you can earn Mini, Minor and Major wins. EXPANDING WILDS A full expanding Wild symbol may appear on any reel during a spin. RANDOM MULTIPLIER WILDS Any win with 1 or more may be multiplied by one of the following multipliers: x2, x3, x4, x6, x8, x10, x12 or x20. THE MUMMY SYMBOL Appears in any position and may trigger the ‘Halloween Ghosts X’ minigame. When it appears, it moves to the mummy panel to attempt access to the minigame. If access to the minigame is granted, the pumpkin door will open and the minigame will begin. HALLOWEEN GHOSTS MINIGAME The minigame has a 3x3 reels format. The minigame starts with 1 pumpkin and 2 ghosts. 3 respins are awarded at the start of the minigame. During the minigame, only ghosts, pumpkins, Mummy X symbols, and Minor, Major, and Grand coins appear. Mummy X symbols increase the multiplier of the position they land on by 1, then disappear. Ghosts landing on a position with a multiplier will have their value multiplied accordingly before being collected by the pumpkin collectors. The collector pumpkins will only appear in the central reel, collecting and accumulating the values of the symbols that appear on reels 1 and 3 during the minigame. At the end of the minigame, all the values accumulated from the collector pumpkin symbols will be added to the total win. Each new pumpkin, ghost, or coin will reset the number of respins to 3. The minigame will end when there are no respins remaining. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols award 10 free spins. A random multiplier will appear during each spin and applied to its result. During this feature, if you get three Bonus symbols you will be granted 5 additional spins. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 4 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.4% (Buy Free Spins 95.4%). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/15/2025