Wolf Riches Hold N Spin GAME RULES Wolf Riches Hold N Spin Game Help Join the wolf pack and hunt down big wins by spinning the reels of Wolf Riches Hold N Spin! This captivating adventure slot will have you howling at the moon for more with every spin, especially when the Hold N Spin bonus ignites. Wolf Riches Hold N Spin is a 5x3 reel slot that takes you on an adventure into the wilderness for juicy rewards. The heart of this game is the Hold N Spin bonus that triggers randomly whenever a Wild appears in the base game. The feature begins with 2 sets of 5x3 reels with the first unlocked and the second locked. Then, 3 spins take place with only Bonus and Mystery symbols that can bring generous rewards. Filling a reel with symbols unlocks the matching reel on the second reel set, plus every time a symbol lands on an unlocked reel, it resets the spins to 3 for more opportunities to collect more wins. Want to activate the Hold N Spin feature instantly during the base game? Simply, select the Buy Bonus option anytime during the base game. Play Wolf Riches Hold N Spin now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Wolf Riches Hold N Spin has 20 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features HOLD N SPIN BONUS When a Wild symbol appears on the reels during the base game, the HOLD N SPIN bonus feature may trigger randomly. Bonus starts with two 5x3 reel sets. The fist reel set is unlocked and the second is locked. Only Bonus and Mystery symbols appear during the feature. BONUS SYMBOL Wild symbol acts as a Bonus symbol during the Hold N Spin feature. Bonus symbol lands only on the unlocked reels during the feature. Possible Bonus symbol values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. MYSTERY SYMBOL Mystery symbols can land on any locked or unlocked reels during the feature. Possible Mystery symbol values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x current total bet. The bonus starts with 3 respins. Bonus symbols remain sticky during respins until the reel is filled. Each new symbol that lands on an unlocked reel, resets the number of respins to 3. When a Mystery symbol lands on an unlocked reel, its value is collected and the symbol is removed. Filling a reel on the first reel set unlocks the respective reel on the second set. The value of the Mystery symbol on an unlocked reel is collected and the position is made empty when a reel unlocks. When a reel is filled, the values of all symbols are collected and the symbols are then removed. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain. At the end of the respins, all Bonus symbol prizes are collected and the total value is awarded. BUY BONUS The Bonus feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 60x the current total bet. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY BONUS 94.05% Return to Player 94.1% Hit Rate 26.46% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 1000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins. At the end of the Bonus feature, all cash values on the reels are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 5/28/2025