Torro's Gold Are you brave like a matador? Step into the arena in Torro’s Gold for a bullfight like no other, also known as ‘corrida de toros’. This heart stopping slot will have your adrenalin pumping from the very first spin as you chase down big wins! Filled with action features, Torro’s Gold is an experience to remember. Torro’s Gold is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with bright captivating graphics that put you deep in the heart of Spain. Prepare for a showdown with massive rewards in the Book Spins feature with special symbols, and the Corrida Spins with locked wilds for even bigger rewards. It’s time to please the crowds, play Torro’s Gold now! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 Lines Game Features Book Spins - 3 or more scatter Book symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a special symbol. Special Expanding Symbol - A random symbol becomes a special expanding symbol during the Book Spins feature Corrida Spins - 3 or more scatter Bull symbols trigger 10 free spins. Locked Wild - Each wild appearing during the Corrida Spins will be locked in its position for the remaining free spins. Gamble Option – Gamble the winnings from a round with the potential to multiply the win by 2x or 4x. Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 28.42% Game Features Book Spins 10 Free Spins are awarded when 3 or more scatter Book symbols land. Landing 3 or more scatter Book symbols during the free spins will award an additional 10 spins with the same special expanding symbol. Special Expanded symbols do not need to be adjacent to each other to result in winning combinations, they simply need to be on active paylines. Scatter Bull symbols are not available during the Book Spins feature A random symbol is chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the free spins. After each spin & the winnings have been evaluated (if any), the special symbol expands over the whole reel if it will bring additional winning combinations. Corrida Spins 10 Free Spins are awarded when 3 or more scatter Bull symbols land. During the Free Spins, every Wild that appears becomes locked in its position till the end of the feature. Scatter Book and Bull symbols are not available during the Book Spins feature. Gamble Winnings After each winning spin, a “Gamble” button activates, giving the player the chance to gamble the amount won which could multiply the won amount by 2x or 4x. The player can skip the gamble feature and collect their initial winnings by pressing the “Collect” button, Spin button or the spacebar. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for special expanding symbols that pay for any position on an active line. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 10, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier. Only the scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/14/2022