Wynmor's Tales The Rise Wynmor's Tales, The Rise Game Help Magic and mystery are all part of the adventure when you play Wynmor’s Tales The Rise. Explore the eerie mansion and discover spells, potions, orbs and precious rewards. This is going to be an unforgettable experience that will have you on the edge of your seat with every spin. Wynmor’s Tales The Rise is an epic 5x4 adventure slot with magical features that ignite in the base game when a Spellbook symbol lands with Cash Symbols and collects all the Cash Prizes. If there is no Spellbook present, then the Cash Symbols collect in the meter until it is full and then awards prizes up to 2,500x. The winning fun continues when 3+ Scatters land and trigger the Lock N Spin bonus. The Scatters then transform into sticky Cash symbols with random prizes and 3 respins take place for the opportunity to land even more Cash symbols and multipliers. Want to unlock the magic of the Lock N Spin bonus faster? Then use the Buy Bonus option for instant access. Play Wynmor’s Tales The Rise now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Wynmor's Tales, The Rise has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Number of Paylines 40 Game Features CASH COLLECT During the base game when a Spellbook symbol lands together with Cash Symbols, it collects all the Cash Prizes on Cash symbols. Spellbook symbol can only land on the 5th reel. Cash Symbols can appear on the reels 1-4 only. Possible values on Cash Symbol are : 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 12x or 15x current total bet. There can be at most 2 Spellbook symbols on the reels at the same time. When 2 Spellbook and Cash symbols appear at the same time, the prizes on the Cash symbols are collected separately by each Spellbook symbol. ORB TREASURES FEATURE During the base game, Cash symbols that land are collected to the Collect Meter if there is no Spellbook symbol on the 5th reel. Each Cash symbol increases the meter by 1. Collect Meter is reset when the bet is changed. Returning to a previous bet amount will restore the Collect Meter progress linked to that bet amount. When the Collect Meter is full, the Orb Treasures Feature is triggered. This feature awards either Cash or Collect Pot prizes as a multiplier of the total current bet. LOCK N SPIN BONUS After 3+ Scatters trigger the Lock N Spin bonus, they transform into Cash symbols with random prizes in the same positions as the triggering spin. The bonus starts with 3 respins. Only Cash or blank symbol can appear during the feature. Cash symbols remain sticky during respins. When a new cash symbol lands, it resets the number of respins to 3. There are scrolls at the top of each reel during respins. A Scroll is activated when the whole reel is filled with Cash symbols. After the respins are completed, the activated scroll reveals its mulitplier value. All values on the Cash symbols are multiplied by the scroll multiplier and awarded. If more than one scroll is activated, the revealed multipliers are summed and then all Cash symbols are multiplied. Respins end when no more respins remain or all reel positions are covered by Cash symbols. BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. When the Buy Bonus is purchased, it can award 3, 4 or 5 Scatters randomly. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY BONUS 96.04% Return to Player 96.03% Hit Rate 22.92% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/23/2024