10X Minimum Lucky Clover 10x Minimum Lucky Clover Game Help Ready to find your Lucky Clover? Welcome to 10x Minimum Lucky Clover, the exciting slot game that blends charm and riches with innovative features for a thrilling ride to gold! Pick Me Feature: Land a mysterious question mark (?) symbol, and prepare for a fun twist. Gold Pot Feature: When this golden charm lands on your reels, it covers the entire reel with a surprise random symbol, boosting your chances for big wins. Lucky Clover Feature: It’s all about the Clover! If this lucky symbol graces your last reel, you’re in for a treat! All visible numbers on the reels are added up, multiplying your bet for a payout that feels truly magical. Spin the reels in 10x Minimum Lucky Clover and feel the thrill of fortune unfold before your eyes. The chance to strike win is just a spin away! General Information During the game digit symbols from 0-9 and pip symbol are active. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the connected win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. Two or more numbers are summed firstly and only then multiply the stake. If there is a pip symbol between two digit symbols, these symbols will not form a number on win line. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 3 lines for each individual digit symbol Number of Reels and Rows 5x5 Return to Player 93.17% Game Features Pick Me Feature Pick Me feature is triggered when question mark symbol lands on the reels. Pop-up with 3 question marks appears. There are digit symbols under question marks. The revealed digit symbol replaces question mark on the reels. Green question mark contains pip symbol and 1, 2, 3, 4 digit symbols. Gold question mark contains 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 digit symbols. If no selection is made, a random question mark will be selected after timeout. Autopick doesn't impact overall RTP. Gold Pot Feature Gold Pot Feature is triggered when a Gold Pot symbol lands on the reels. Gold Pot symbol fills full reel with the same digit symbols. Gold Pot symbol fills the only reel where it lands. Possible digit symbols that can appear from Gold Pot Feature: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Lucky Clover Feature Clover symbol is active on the fifth reel only. If digit symbols land anywhere in view along with clover symbol, they pay out as total bet multiplier. Several digit symbols are summed up firstly and then multiply the stake. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules 10x Minimum Lucky Clover operates with Connect Pays. Connect pays logic is that each individual symbol has 3 win lines: 1. Diagonal win line to the north-east. 2. Direct win line to the east. 3. Diagonal win line to the south-east. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the connected win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. It's not possible to create diagonal win line to the north-east when the symbol takes top position of the reel. It's not possible to create diagonal win line to the south-east when the symbol takes bottom position of the reel. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Winnings on different lines are added up. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 3/18/2025