10x Minimum Big Bucks Meet 10x Minimum Big Bucks — a classic slot game filled with modern graphics and unique Spinberry features. Connoisseurs of slot machines will appreciated the slick game play of 10x Minimum Big Bucks. With the Big Bucks feature at centre stage giving a classic game play experience. Let the big bucks roll in, spin to win in the 10x Minimum Big Bucks game and be ready to win! General Information During the game digit symbols from 0-9 and Big Bucks feature are active. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 1 across the middle Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Return to Player 93.15% Game Features Big Bucks Feature Big Bucks feature is triggered when Big Bucks symbol lands on the payline on the reel 3. It’s possible to choose ‘Take Offer’ or ‘Try Again’. If ‘Try Again’ is pressed then another offer is given. If ‘Take Offer’ is pressed then the offered winnings are collected and the feature finishes. 4 offers are a maximum in the feature. Winnings are collected on the last offer. x500 stake is a maximum offered winnings. If x500 stake is offered then the winnings are collected and the feature finishes no matter how many offers are left. The best strategy is to take winnings when the offer is more than: x30 stake on the first offer; x26 stake on the second offer; x20 stake on the third offer. If no selection is made, the best strategy will be selected automatically after timeout. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on the active win line only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to payline win. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Big Bucks feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 2/4/2025