Legacy of Athena GAME RULES LEGACY OF ATHENA is a slot machine with 6 reels and 5 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. A scatter win will be awarded if 7 or more symbols of the same type appear in any position on the reels. The number of symbols of the same kind on the reels at the end of a spin will determine the value of the win. When wins are obtained through multiple symbols, all these wins will be added to the total. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the gaps, the new gaps are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. ATHENA’S MULTIPLIER ORBS These will appear randomly in any spin, both in the main game and in the free spins feature. Whenever multiplier orbs appear on the reels, they will have a random value of either x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50 or x100. At the end of the cascade sequence, the values of all the multiplier symbols on the reels will be added together, and the total win of the sequence will be multiplied by the final value. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If you land 3 or more BONUS symbols, you will be awarded 10 free spins respectively on a x1 multiplier level. During the free spins feature, all the Bonus symbols that appear will fill up Athena’s progress bar. This bar has 3 progress levels, with different multipliers. To advance to the first level, you must get 3 BONUS symbols. Upon reaching the first level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x2. To advance to the second level, you must get 3 BONUS symbols on the first level. Upon reaching the second level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x3. To advance to the third level, you must get 3 BONUS symbols on the second level. Upon reaching the third level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x10. The multipliers will be applied to the wins. Bonus symbols do not appear on the third level. A multiplier orb will appear in a random position during each spin of the free spins feature. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 5 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.4% (Buy Free Spins 95.4%). The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2,000 million games was 1185.65 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:2000000000. This maximum price contains all winnings due to an unique spin in the whole simulation. That includes all features, minigames or free spin stages triggered in that spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/6/2025