Lucky Joker 40 Lucky Joker 40 is a 5 reel, 4 row fruit slot featuring Stacked symbols, Scatter symbols, Wild substitutions and Expanding Wild symbols. The game is played with 40 lines (fixed). Wins pay only from left to right. All wins only occur on active lines (except scatter wins). Only the highest line win is paid on each line played. Line wins are a multiple of the line bet. Line wins from different lines are added. Scatter wins are a multiple of the total bet. Scatter wins are added to the line wins. The Bell symbol is a scatter symbol and pays on any position. The Star symbol is a scatter symbol and pays on any position. The Star symbol appears only on reel 1, 3 and 5. All values like credit, bets and wins are shown in currency. All values in the paytable are based on the current bet level. These values will be changed automatically if the bet level will be changed. Payouts according to the paytable are made only if the specified number of symbols is of a kind. The Wild symbol replaces any symbol on the same reel. The Wild symbol substitutes every other symbol except the Scatter symbols. The Wild symbol appears only on reel 2, 3 and 4. Button Function Press to start a new game Press while spinning to stop the reels immediately Press to activate / deactivate autoplay Press to set the maximum bet Press to increase the bet Press to reduce the bet Press to exit the game and return to the casino main screen Press to view the help of the game Press to adjust the volume Press to access the game settings (see Game Settings Options) Press to view the paytable of the game Press to view the game rules Press to view the history of the game (not available when playing for fun) Press to go to the next page in the help or to go to the next entry in the history Press to go to the previous page in the help or to go to the previous entry in the history Press to return to the game NOTE: It is also possible to start a game or collect a win by pressing the SPACEBAR. Button Function Press to enable / disable the fullscreen mode The autoplay settings will be opened by pressing on the autoplay button. Select number of games which should run in autoplay Select the amount to stop autoplay if the credit has reduced by this amount Select the amount to stop autoplay if the credit has increased by this amount Select the amount to stop autoplay if a single win exceeds it NOTE: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions (*). NOTE: Each freespin game (if applicable) is counted as a single game and will therefore reduce the amount of games by one. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96,94% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the info panel on the top of the game on the right side there is the game id visible. Each game has its unique game id. This game id should be used for requests to the support. In case of disconnection because of network issues or other failures the game will always continue on the last state where it was interrupted. The interrupted game must be completed within 90 days, after which it will be terminated automatically. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/3/2020