Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher Game Help Get ready for a cascade of coins and colorful fun in Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher! Step into a vibrant world of playful pigs and golden prizes! When the Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher Feature activates, you’ll receive coins to drop into the collector. Each coin is worth x1, but the real excitement begins when a piggy bank drops and breaks, revealing powerful multipliers from x6 to x25! Keep pushing, collecting, and winning — until every last coin is won. Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher is your golden chance to cash in! General Information Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher is 5x3 game with 243 winning ways and Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher feature. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 93.21% Buy Feature RTP 93.21% Game Features PIGGY BANK FORTUNE PUSHER FEATURE Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher feature is triggered randomly when Gold pig symbol lands on the reels. When triggered, the pusher becomes active and drops 5 to 12 coins from the tray, which are added to the wallet. Insert one coin at a time into the pusher to knock prizes off the edge. Not every coin causes prizes to drop from the pusher. Coins award x1 stake when dropped, and piggy banks reveal cash prizes when smashed. Possible piggy banks values are: x6, x8, x10, x15, x20, x25. The state of the pusher is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. When no coins are left in the wallet, the feature ends and winnings are awarded. After timeout, a coin is automatically inserted into the pusher. Timeout doesn’t impact overall RTP. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Gold pig symbols on the reels. Match 3 active Gold pig symbols on the reels to win the Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different ways are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Piggy Bank Fortune pusher feature triggered from the base game is played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Piggy Bank Fortune pusher feature. Piggy Bank Fortune pusher feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Piggy Bank Fortune Pusher feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/28/2025