Fairytale Fortune Enter the world of legends in Fairytale Fortune™, the 3×5, 15 lines videoslot. Wilds are stacked for big wins and the story continues in the Bonus feature, where you can win one out of 4 different games. Spin the Wheel of Fortune for big wins, gather points and stack the Wilds in the Progressive Free spins, collect all Wild symbols for a Super Wilds Free Spin or witness a shower of Wild symbols in the Raining Wilds Free Spins. If you`re feeling lucky, gamble the big bonus game wins up to 5x for extreme wins! General Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.01%, 92.03% 95.02%, 96.04%, 96.52%. How to play: When you enter the game a default bet is set. You can change the bet by clicking on the + and - buttons next to the SPIN button The TOTAL BET is maximum lines multiplied by the bet per line. The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Below the spin button you can find the AUTOPLAY button. Use the autoplay menu to play hands free When AUTOPLAY is in progress, the button is red. Click the button again to stop the autoplay mode Winning symbols will be shown with animation in the game The win is shown in the middle of the bottom interface Your balance and bet are shown in the bottom left corner of the bottom interface Click the I button in the bottom left corner to open the ingame rules Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Browser Button Panel Commands (These options are not available in full screen mode.) Click on Rebuy to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Quick Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Game Rules: Click on the HELP button to navigate to Game Rules: Paytable: Paylines: Special Features: Last modification date: 3/29/2018