Book of Enhancements Game Help Magic, mystery and sorcery have been captivating mankind for thousands of years. Now you can step into the enchanting world of magic with Book of Enchantments. Assist the friendly witches as they practice the craft of magic and if you prove yourself as a worthy apprentice, they will shower you with rewards. This is one adventure you don’t want to miss out on. Book of Enchantments is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that will have you spellbound with every spin. Get the winning magic started when 3 or more Magic Staff symbols land which awards 10 Magic Free Spins with Locked Wilds. The fun doesn’t stop there because if 3 or more Spellbook scatter symbols land, it triggers the Book of Enchantments Spins that award 10 Free Spins with a special expanding symbol for even bigger wins. Feel the magic of winning and play Book of Enchantments now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 10 winning lines in Book of Enchantments. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Book of Enchantments - 3 or more Spellbook scatter symbols trigger 10 Free Spins with a special symbol. Special Expanding Symbol - A random symbol becomes a special expanding symbol during the Book of Enchantments Spins feature. Magic Spins - 3 or more Magic Staff scatter symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. Locked Wilds - Each wild appearing during the Magic Spins stays locked in its position for the remaining Free Spins. Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 28.11% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 10, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen.