Fa Fa Tree GAME RULES Fa Fa Tree Game Help FA FA Tree invites you into a hidden mountain paradise where the legendary golden FA FA Tree grows, its branches heavy with shiny gold coins and promises of fortune. This 4x3 slot blends serene beauty with thrilling features that bring luck and excitement with every spin. In the base game, any win when a Wild symbol is on the reels can randomly trigger the Coin Drop feature, sending a golden coin tumbling from the tree to multiply your win. For even more excitement, the Respin feature can activate at random. A paying symbol is chosen, and only that symbol or blanks can land. Winning symbols stick, and respins continue as long as more of the selected symbol appears. Once the reels are full or no new symbols land, the Coin Drop strikes to multiply your wins. Wild symbols are collected during the base game and may randomly unlock the Bonus round, for a choice between Hold N Spin or Free Spins. During Hold N Spin, only Coin and Prize Coin symbols can appear. Then, enjoy multipliers up to 10x, or possibly the Minor, Major, or Grand prizes! After Hold N Spin, the Coin Drop feature activates, enhancing coins on the reels with multipliers. If you choose Free Spins, 8 spins are awarded and every time a Wild lands with a win, the Coin Drop is triggered to boost your payout. Yes, money does grow on trees. Play FA FA Tree now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Fa Fa Tree has 15 winning lines during basegame. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. There are 81 ways to win in Fa Fa Tree during free spins. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines Number of ways Base game - 15 paylines Free Spins - 81 ways Number of Reels and Rows Game Features 4x3 COIN DROP A coin will drop from the tree and reveal a multiplier value. Possible multiplier values for the Coin symbol during the Coin Drop feature are 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x or 25x. During the base game, when there is a win and a Wild symbol is present on the reels, the Coin Drop feature can trigger randomly and the win amount will be multiplied by the dropped coin multiplier. RESPIN FEATURE During the base game, the Respin feature may trigger randomly. A paying symbol is randomly selected (excluding Wild or Coin symbol) while the reels are spinning, and when the reels stop, only the selected symbol or blanks appear. The landed symbols become sticky, and a respin takes place. If any new symbols land, another respin is triggered. Respins end when no new symbols land or the reels are completely filled with the selected symbol. Once the Respin feature ends, the Coin Drop feature will trigger. Winnings are multiplied by the dropped coin multiplier, and the wins are paid. HOLD N SPIN BONUS The Hold N Spin bonus can trigger on any base game spin. Only Coin symbols or Prize Coin symbols can appear during thefeature. The bonus starts with 1 Coin symbol and 3 respins. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new coin resets the number of respins to 3. After the respins are completed or all positions are filled with coins, the Coin Drop feature will trigger. Up to 8 coins may drop one by one from the tree with random multiplier values. Each coin drop will enhance one random coin on the reels. A coin can only be enhanced once. Prize Coins will not be enhanced. At the end of the Hold N Spin feature, all coins on the reels are awarded. FREE SPINS BONUS The Free Spins can trigger randomly on any base game spin. 8 Free Spins are awarded. During Free Spins, there are 81 winning ways. Coin Drop is guaranteed when there is a win and at least one Wild symbol on reels. Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the left most reel. Free Spins can’t be retriggered. The graphical collection in the tree randomly reset to a better visual level after the Bonus is completed. Coin Drop, Respin, Hold N Spin and Free Spins can't trigger on the same spin. Hold N Spin and Respin can’t trigger during Free Spins. Return to Player Hit Rate Volatility 93.96% 39.04% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the respins, the prizes on the coins are summed and awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/3/2026