Million Vegas GAME RULES Million Vegas is a video slot with 6 reels and 10 rows, with a million winning ways and free spin feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The maximum win per spin is capped at 60,000 times the total bet. For each non-winning spin, the symbols will accumulate in the progress bar. 0.07% of the total cost for each non-winning spin will also be added to the progress bar. The Wild symbol may replace any other symbol, except the Bonus and symbol. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. Million Vegas Minigame. If you accumulate 10,800 symbols, you will fill up the progress bar, activating the Million Vegas minigame. The amount at stake will be that accumulated in the progress bar. You will get 3 spins at the start and 7 Lucky Goldie symbols with the lowest win value will appear randomly on the reels. The symbol may also appear in the reels. If this happens, after it spins it will remain fixed in place throughout the mini game. If at least one symbol appears in a spin, the number of remaining spins will revert back to 3. Click the button for each spin. After each spin, the symbols will merge together in the best way possible to form a combination with the highest total payment. Each symbol may only be merged once in each spin. Once the mini game is finished, the amounts displayed for all the merges will be combined to grant the total win. The mini game will finish when there are no more spins left, or when the reels have been completely filled. The GRAND prize will be awarded when all the reels have been filled with . The amount displayed for each merge is its initial value multiplied by the accumulated progressive amount. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If a regular spin triggers 5 or more connected re-spins, it generates a "Free Spins Bonus Feature". Each Bonus symbol obtained in the spin counts as an additional re-spin when deciding access to 'Free Spins'. The number of initial free spins is decided on the basis of the total number of connected re-spins triggered by the spin which led to this feature. Initially there are 8 free spins, which can increase to a maximum of 16 free spins. During the free spins feature, there will be a list of multipliers. A respin will be triggered when a win is awarded. Each respin will eliminate a multiplier, beginning with the lowest on the list. Once the respin sequence has finished, the total accumulated amount that has been won will be randomly multiplied by one of the remaining multipliers in the list. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played on special reels without Bonus symbols. If, upon ending the "Free Spins Bonus Feature", the total win is less than 16 times the bet which activated the feature, 4 additional free spins are obtained. Additional spins will continue to be awarded until the total win of the feature exceeds said minimum of 16 times the bet. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. The maximum win for the "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is limited to 60,000 times the bet which triggered the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/13/2025