Wild Fortunes Game Rules Wild Fortunes transports you to a magical land, where Leprechauns, vivid rainbows with pots of gold, lucky four-leaf clovers and more come to life. With a lucky Leprechaun by your side, you’re in for a wild and rewarding adventure. Win hundreds of Free Spins with impressive multipliers, plus there are fantastic progressive prizes to be won too! Wild Fortunes is an Irish themed, 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 25 paylines. When 3 or more Pot O'Gold scatter symbols land, you get to play the Wild Fortunes feature, where up to 190 Free Spins with multipliers up 17x are up for grabs. To push your winnings the to the max, the two progressive jackpots can payout anytime during the base game. Go wild with Irish Luck and play Wild Fortunes now! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 Lines Game Features · Wild Fortunes Feature · WILD FORTUNES JACKPOTS · · Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 39.68% Game Features Wild Fortunes is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25-lines video slot, with a Wild Fortunes feature that can award up to 190 Free Spins with 17x multiplier and Progressive Jackpots. Wild Fortunes Feature The Wild Fortunes feature is triggered when 3 or more Pot O'Gold scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. 3 Scatters allow 5 gold coins to be selected 4 Scatters allow 6 gold coins to be selected 5 Scatters allow 8 gold coins to be selected Each Pot O'Gold requires a random 1 - 5 clovers to open. 5 Free Spins are awarded initially with a 2x multiplier. Completing the 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 clover combinations adds 5, 10, 20, 50 or 100 Free Spins respectively, and will increase the prize multiplier by 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x, respectively. Free Spins are played after the Wild Fortunes feature. Any retrigger adds 5 extra Free Spins. The Free Spins feature ends when no more Free Spins remain or upon reaching the maximum payout. When the Free Spins feature ends, a banner will display the total Free Spins winnings. WILD FORTUNES JACKPOTS Any of the Progressive Jackpots (Minor or Major) or both can be won at random at the conclusion of any paid spin during the base game. The progressive Jackpots values are calculated as follows: Jackpot Reset Amount + accumulated progressive amount. Jackpots are progressive with each bet contributing towards the progression. *Progressive amount – see the “Payout rules in Features” section below. Progressive Jackpot contribution is 1.04% of total Return to Player (RTP). When a Jackpot is awarded, a banner will display the total Jackpot winnings. How the progressive amounts are calculated: Each progressive jackpot increases incrementally every time a bet is placed. The increment is added to the base progressive jackpot amount. When a jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot resets back to the base amount. Jackpot reset amount: Minor Jackpot: 12500 Major Jackpot: 50000 Progressive Increment 0.3% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 25, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. .COM 30 days Italy 7 days Spain 7 days Denmark 90 days Sweden 90 days Romania 30 days Portugal 90 days Incomplete game sessions Incomplete game sessions Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/25/2022