King of the Trident Game Overview For thousands of years, treasure hunters have searched the depths of the oceans and seas to uncover lost treasures. Now is your turn to venture beyond the shores to find great riches and to help you on your quest, Poseidon, the king of the sea gods with his magical trident, will join you. Prepare yourself for one of the most epic adventures of a lifetime when you play King of the Trident. Game Description King of the Trident boasts a unique 3,3,3,6,6-reel layout that is filled with enchanting animals, sea creatures, mermaids, Poseidon and his magical trident. The action never stops with the Giant Re-spins, Scatter Free Spins and plenty of thrilling features that reward the brave and adventurous with fantastic payouts. It’s time to immerse yourself in a fantasy underwater world that few people have ever experienced and to play King of the Trident. Game Information General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 972 ways Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 | 2x6 Game Features Giant Respins – The Giant Respins feature triggers when all symbols (excluding Scatter symbol) on reels 1, 2, and 3 land with lit backgrounds. Free Spins – When 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Return to Player 96.02% Hit Rate % Winning Ways: 972 Ways to Win Any symbol combination formed left to right on adjacent reels counts as a win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Total bet is fifty times the stake. Game Features Giant Respin Reels 1, 2, and 3 participate in the Giant Respins feature. The Giant Respins feature triggers when all symbols (excluding Scatter symbol) on reels 1, 2, and 3 land with lit backgrounds. Then, reels 1, 2, and 3 transform into one giant reel, while reels 4 and 5 remain as normal. The re-spin then takes place during which the giant reel with its’ 3x3 symbols will stop, followed by reels 4 and 5 to form winning combinations. Free Spins When 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, you will be awarded with free spins. The number of free spins are awarded according to the number of scatter symbols that triggered the free spins feature as follows: 3 Scatter symbols = 8 free spins rounds 4 Scatter symbols = 12 free spins rounds 5 Scatter symbols = 40 free spins rounds During the Free Spins, reels 4 and 5 merge to form 2x2 symbols. Additional free spins, up to a maximum of 20, can be won when scatter symbols appear during the free spins feature as follows: 1 Scatter adds 2 Free Spin 2 Scatter adds 4 Free Spin Special Symbols Scatter – match 3 or more to trigger Free Spins Wild – substitutes for any symbol, except Scatter Symbol Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the Bet + / – buttons and/or the Coin Value + / – buttons, and press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A way win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by the ways stake Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Info button . All symbol multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. . The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by 50 Only the highest win per way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial bet ways wins Last modification date: 6/1/2022