Cosmic Candy Heist Backstory Professor Ma has created the greatest candy in the universe! Her deeds bring fame and fortune, and unwanted invaders from outer space! Obsessed with her sweet sensations, the Alien invaders will do anything to get their tentacles on the prized candy. Play as a super-agent and stop the aliens, in this delicious match 3 puzzler! Return to Player: 95.03% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Basic Gameplay The game uses touch screen controls. Simply swipe with your fingers to move and match the game pieces. Swipe candies up, down, left or right to match 3 or more candies of the same color. Matching candies clears them from the screen and drops more down. Match 4 or more candies to create striped and swirly candies with special powers. Game Goal - Collect the Candy Rockets! Collect the Candy Rockets to thwart the Alien invaders! To collect the Candy Rockets, match 3 or more candies beside a chest to unlock. An open chest will award you tokens or rockets! Collect at least one Candy Rocket to be in the money! Collect all Candy Rockets for maximum payouts! Tokens can be spent to buy boosts! Level Level up with each game you play. Unlock new parts of the map as you level up! Score, Mystery Box and Multiplier Meters Matching candy combos adds to your score. Score 15,000 to unlock the Mystery Box. Collect a maximum of 8 rockets to Win Big! Each rocket fills part of the in-game multiplier meter. The meter shows the multiplier per rockets collected. The more rockets the higher the multiplier! Refer to the paytable for more information. Timer Game levels have a 60 second timer in the top left of the screen. Collect as many rockets before the timer runs out and the game ends. Matching Candies Match 3 or more normal candies of the same color to clear them from the screen!Matching 4 same color candies unlocks a striped candy that will explode in a vertical or horizontal line when matched with 2 or more candies of the same color.Matching 5 same color candies in an “L” “T” or “+” shape unlocks a swirly candy that will clear the surrounding 8 pieces when matched with 2 or more normal candies. Match 5 same color candies in a straight line to get a cherry bomb! If two striped candies are matched they will destroy pieces on vertical and horizontal line. If two swirly candies are matched there is a big explosion and they destroy 24 pieces around them! If a striped candy and a swirly candy are matched they will destroy 3 rows of game pieces horizontally or vertically. Powerups Collect powerful power-ups during the game. Some power-ups appear on the board randomly, others are unlocked by matches. Traps and Blockers CHERRY BOMB! Match 5 same color candies in a straight line to get a cherry bomb! Matching the cherry bomb gives a different result depending on the match. FREEZE TIME Some candies have a time icon. If you match with the same colored candies, the clock will stop for 5 seconds. Candy Dino Free the Candy Dino from the ice by matching candies adjacent to it. Then match nearby candies to unleash the Candy Dino power! It will fly across the screen clearing pieces in its path and turn other candies into boosters! Beware the invading Aliens will spawn green goo, traps and blockers! GREEN ALIEN GOO This thriving goo will absorb candies and other pieces! Destroyed by any explosion, or any adjacent match. ICING Destroyed by any explosion, or any adjacent match. INDESTRUCTIBLE BLOCK These blocks cannot be broken ICE BLOCK Do an adjacent match to break ice. ALIEN TRAP Hidden in ice! When activated it shoots lasers in all directions creating six new ice blocks trapping pieces. Try to avoid! ALIEN TRAP Hidden in ice! When activated it shoots lasers in all directions creating six new ice blocks trapping pieces. Try to avoid! Mystery Boxes While playing, score 15,000 points to unlock the Mystery Box. Three Mystery Boxes will appear! Select a box for a chance to win! Mystery Boxes can contain the following: • Candy Dino • Cherry Bomb • Striped Jelly Bean • Free Plays • Bonus Coins Free Plays & Bonus Coins Win these big rewards from Mystery Boxes! FREE PLAY Play 1 to 3 free rounds with the same bet amount. BONUS COINS Score Bonus Coins and win up to 250x your bet! Paytable Last modification date: 10/24/2019