Wild Wild Pistols Yeehaw! Saddle up for some Wild West action. If you want to survive the Wild West, you better be quick on the draw because this is not place for slow city slickers. Wild Wild Pistols is less about ranching and more about showing off your shooting skills. From the very first spin, you’ll be galloping your way to big WINS! Wild Wild Pistols is a 5-reel, 4-row slot that is pure adrenaline pumping action. Get the winning fun started with the Wild Pistols feature that occurs at random and shoots Wilds onto the reels for more winning combos. Plus, if a Wild lands on another Wild, the multipliers add together for even bigger wins. Watch out for 3 or more Scatters which trigger the Free Spins with Sticky Wilds. Don’t want to wait for the Scatters to land? Then, hit the Buy Bonus button to instantly activate the Free Spins feature and start racking up the wins. Play Wild Wild Pistols now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 40 winning lines in Wild Wild Pistols. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features WILD PISTOLS FEATURE During any spin, at random, Wilds are fired onto the reels. Wilds can be fired onto the same position more than once, adding even more multipliers. If two or more Wilds are awarded and activated on the same payline, the multipliers are added together. Multipliers apply only to the paylines on which they are activated. FREE SPINS When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 7, 10 or 15 Free Spins respectively. The Wild symbols that appeared when the Free Spins triggered become sticky during the Free Spins feature. Wild symbols appearing with the Wild Pistols feature during the Free Spins, become sticky for the remaining Free Spins. The Wild Pistols feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. BUY BONUS Activate the Free Spins feature anytime during the base game with the 'Buy' now option. Choose the best option for you to play and enjoy generous payouts from the different Free Spins modes available. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature 1 94.91% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature 2 94.94% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature 3 94.97% Return to Player 94.21% Hit Rate 29.67% Game Features BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activate the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Selecting the “Buy Bonus” button opens a pop-up that shows the options and the amounts that needs to be paid to immediately initiate the selected feature The amount of credits to be paid is a multiplier of the current bet amount Pay 50x total bet to play 7 Free Spins Pay 100x total bet to play 10 Free Spins Pay 250x total bet to play 15 Free Spins Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per line is paid. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/7/2023