Mega Coins MEGA COINS GAME RULES MEGA COINS is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows that offers 5 paylines and a Bonus game. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a line has more than one win, this line will be rewarded with the combination that produces the biggest win. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. BONUS GAME 6 or more BONUS or COLLECT symbols in any combination on the reels trigger the feature. During this feature, the coins, ranging from 1x to 10x the bet amount, remain in place and you obtain 3 free spins. Each additional coin acquired will remain in place on the reel and will reset the counter to 3 spins. The feature ends when the free spins run out or when all of the reels’ spots are filled with coins. When a MULTIPLIER symbol lands, the position is marked with a random multiplier ranging from 2x to 10x. If there is already a multiplier, the new one is added to the existing value. At the start of the Bonus Game, 3 free spins are awarded. Each time a new symbol lands, the number of free spins is reset to 3. The Bonus Game ends when free spins run out or all positions contain BONUS or COLLECT symbols. During the feature, you can achieve MINI (25x the bet amount), MINOR (50x the bet amount), and MAJOR (150x the bet amount) wins. If all reel positions are filled with a coin, the GRAND win (2000x the bet amount) is awarded. MULTIPLIER When a MULTIPLIER symbol lands, the position is marked with a random multiplier. If there is already a multiplier, the new one is added to the existing value. Multipliers stay on the reels and apply to the symbols in their respective positions when the Bonus Game ends. COLLECT When a COLLECT symbol lands, it will collect the sum of all visible amounts on the BONUS symbols, including MINI, MINOR, and MAJOR. It will not collect values from other COLLECT symbols. MEGA TREASURE During the base game, any BONUS or COLLECT symbol on the reels gives a chance to enter the BONUS GAME. When this happens, BONUS, COLLECT, or Multiplier symbols are randomly added before entering the round. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.4%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/10/2025