Epic Riches GAME RULES Take a break and head on down to Las Vegas. Epic Riches immerses you in the non-stop glitz, glamour and adrenalin pumping action of this legendary city. take up a seat and start spinning and winning your way to epic rewards! Epic Riches is a 3-reel, 3-row slot that puts you in the heart of the Vegas action. The Epic Riches bonus feature will kickstart your winnings with respins that include sticky wilds and instant cash prizes. To crank up the thrills, the Royal Mini Games bring even more respins, with more wilds, sticky expanded wilds and bankroll boosting multipliers. Ready for some epic fun? Play Epic Riches now! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 9 lines Game Features Epic Riches Feature Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 33.97% Game Features Epic Riches is a 3-reel, 3-row, 9 winning lines video slot with an Epic Riches feature. Epic Riches Feature When 3 or more Special Card symbols appear anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Epic Riches feature. 3 respins are awarded. During the feature, the triggering Special Card symbols remain locked in their positions. Every time one or more new Special Card symbols appear on the reels during the feature, the respins counter resets to 3. The new Special Card symbols also become locked in their positions until the feature ends. The Epic Riches feature ends when no more respins remain or all reels are Special Card symbols. The prizes displayed on all of the Special Card symbols are then awarded. The Ace, King, Queen, and Jack Special Card symbols trigger the Royal Mini Games. Each prize and or mini game is awarded in the order that they appear on the reels Ace - Royal Mini Game: Middle reel is covered with an Expanded Sticky Wild. Reels 1 & 3 spin until a winning combination is awarded. 2-10 respins occur with the same winning combinations for extra payouts. King - Royal Mini Game: An extra respin is awarded with 2 - 9 random Wilds. Queen - Royal Mini Game: Reels 1 & 3 are covered with Expanded Sticky Wilds and the middle reel spins until a winning combination is awarded. Jack - Royal Mini Game: Keep spinning till a win is achieved. The win is then multiplied up to 30x. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction Payout rules in Features Epic Riches Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Epic Riches Respins wins are calculated by multiplying the total bet amount by the Epic Riches payout multiplier. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/26/2022