Solomon The King Name SOLOMON: THE KING Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version Solomon: The King Type of game Videoslot Geometry 6x10 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.3% Autoplay mode Yes, under the required UKGC technical standards. GAME RULES SOLOMON: THE KING is a video slot with 6 reels and 10 rows, with a million winning ways and free spin feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. The maximum win per spin is capped at 20,000 times the total bet. For every spin without a win, the Solomon blue stone symbols will accumulate in the progress bar. Also, each time a spin does not produce a win, 0.26% of the total cost of that spin will be added to the progressive win amount. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol other than the Bonus symbol or the Solomon blue stone symbol . Upon each spin, the winning symbols disappear, leading to a re-spin in which the symbols above the empty spaces shift down and new spaces are filled with other symbols. Wins obtained in this way are added to the total win. The process is repeated until there are no wins left. SOLOMON MINI GAME Collecting 10,000 Solomon blue stone symbols will complete the progress bar, which grants entry to the Solomon mini game. The amount in play will be what has been accumulated in the progressive win amount. The slot machine will convert into one with 7 reels and 5 rows. You will then be awarded 3 initial spins and 7 Solomon symbols of the lowest win value, randomly placed with one per reel. The Solomon symbol may also appear in the reels. If this happens, after it spins it will remain fixed in place throughout the mini game. If at least one Solomon symbol symbol appears in a spin, the number of remaining spins will revert back to 3. Click the SPIN button for each spin. After each spin, the Solomon symbols will merge together in the best way possible to form a combination with the highest total payment. Each Solomon symbol may only be merged once in each spin. Once the mini game is finished, the amounts displayed for all the merges will be combined to grant the total win. The mini game will finish when there are no more spins left, or when the reels have been completely filled. The GRAND Jackpot will be awarded when all the reels have been filled with rotated Solomon symbol . The amount displayed for each merge is its initial value multiplied by the accumulated progressive amount. BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The maximum win from a single game is £300,000.