Xi You Ji Game Overview Game Description Xi You Ji adventure slot is based on a truly legendary Chinese novel published in the 16 th century, during the Ming dynasty, known in English as Journey to the West. Xi You Ji is one of the four great classical novels of Chinese literature. The story details the journey and pilgrimage of Xuanzang, a Tang dynasty Buddhist monk who went to explore the Western regions of Asia. This 5-reel, 25-line slot pays homage to Xuanzang and his three disciples, Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie and Sha Wujing. With authentic icons and matching soundtrack, players embark on a slots quest across Asia to find sacred scrolls. Xi You Ji slot is loaded with features and boasts stacked symbols, wilds, free spins and two bonus games for even more winning potential. The first bonus game is the ‘Lantern Bonus’ which is a special progressive bonus where each win fills the bonus lanterns. As players achieve milestones, the accumulated bonuses get released, including cash prizes, sticky wilds, free spins and even the chance to spin the jackpot wheel. The second bonus game is ‘The Sacred Journey’. During this bonus feature, Xuanzang stands in front of a 5x5 grid where the player gets to pick tiles and reveal prizes to boost their winnings, including multipliers, cash prizes and more. Xi You Ji is a riveting adventure slot that will transport players to a mystical and alluring world filled with adrenalin and rewards! Game Information Game winning lines: There are 25 winning lines in Xi You Ji. The wins are counted from left to right. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Sacred Journey bonus game – triggered by 3 bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. Lantern Bonus – triggered by winning spins. It can award Free Spins, Sticky Wilds, Multiplier wins or even Jackpot wins. Return to Player 95.95% Hit Rate 26.99% {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.table.maxWinProbability.name}} {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.table.maxWinProbability.desc}} Default Denominations By Vendor Full Screen Support Yes Sound Control Yes Mobile Support Yes Game Features Base Game Progression The game progresses throughout the play session. There аre waypoints represented by 5 lanterns on the left side of the reels. Every time, when there is at least one winning line per spin, а lantern fills up with light. Filling each of the first four lanterns gives the player one of the following awards: Cash Prize – multipliers of the bet amount – x5, x7, x8, x9, x10, x12. Sticky Wilds – 2, 3, 4 or 5 wild symbols sticking on the reels for 2, 3 or 5 spins – the wilds appear on random positions on the reel and stick to them for the next spins. Free Spins – 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins. Filling the 5 th lantern gives special reward – the player is presented with a jackpot wheel, which contains 5 different types of Jackpot: MINI Jackpot – x50 multiplier MINOR Jackpot – x200 multiplier MAJOR Jackpot – x500 multiplier MAXI Jackpot – x700 multiplier GRAND Jackpot – x1000 multiplier Once the 5 th lantern is filled and the player wins one of the five jackpots, the lanterns return to their initial stage and the player can start filling up the first lantern again. There are different progressions for the different bet amounts. The player is able to switch between bet amounts without losing any progression. If the player changes the bet amount while in the Sticky Wilds feature, the feature will be lost. The lanterns are filled up only when there are winning spins in base game or in Sticky Wilds mode. Free Spins, Jackpots, Bonus game and multiplier wins does not contribute to game’s progress. Bonus Features Bonus Features Sacred Journey bonus game The Sacred Journey bonus game is triggered when 3 Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. The player begins their journey in search of the three characters. There are 5 rows of tiles, each row containing 5 tiles. The player starts picking tiles one-by-one from the first row. Each tile contains a different reward for the player: Characters – there are 3 character hiding on the tiles. If the player collects all of them, the reward is the Sacred Script which pays a x1000 multiplier. The multiplier is added to the other multipliers collected throughout the bonus. Multipliers – there are different multipliers that can be picked by the player: x2, x3 or x5 “Level-up” tile – when this tile is picked, the player moves to the next row of tiles and begins selecting them. If there are any unpicked tiles on the previous row, they are now restricted. This logic applies for all rows. “Collect” tile – when this tile is picked the Bonus game finishes and the player is paid all the winnings he has collected so far. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the Bet Plus / Minus buttons, and press or the “Spacebar” to submit the bet and initiate the round. A second click on the or the “Spacebar” will fast-forward the round to the round results, or in the case of multiple lines winning, will skip the win animation and start the next round. The round can also be initiated using the Autobet / Autoplay . Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A line win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by the bet per line amount. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Info button . All symbol multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by the number of paylines (25). Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. There are different levels of progression for every different bet amount, so the player can switch between bet amounts without losing progress. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Multiplier wins activated by reaching a progression waypoint use the same bet amount as the round that activated them. Sticky Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated them. Change of the bet amount during the Sticky Spins will result in losing the sticky spins and the base game will continue. Jackpot wins use the bet amount that was used in the round that activated the Jackpot feature. Autobet / Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of lines and bet configuration. How to use the Autobet / Autoplay feature – Desktop To open the Autobet / Autoplay, click on the icon next to the “SPIN” button. To set the Autobet / Autoplay number of rounds, click on Change Autobet Rounds and choose your desired number of rounds from the list. To close the list, click on AUTOBETS above the number of rounds list. To start the Autobet / Autoplay, click the play button on the bottom left corner. Once clicked, the play button will change to a pause button that will allow you to pause the autobet whenever you choose. You can only pause in between rounds/spins and not while the round is in play. To close the autobet, click on the X sign on the upper right corner. During autobet play, the settings panel is closed. How to use the Autobet / Autoplay feature – Mobile To access Autobet while playing from a mobile device, click on the autobet icon above the “SPIN” button or click on the settings button on the bottom right corner and then on the autobet tab. To activate a limit, you will need to click on the relevant checkbox and enter a numeric value on the right side (in the case of “Single Win”, “Win Limit” and “Loss Limit”) and click on the “START” button on the bottom right corner. To exit the Autobet / Autoplay screen without starting the autobet rounds, you will need to click the “X” button on the top right corner. After clicking on the “START” button, the game will return to the main screen and the “SPIN” button will show the autobet rounds counter. To stop the Autobet / Autoplay, you will need to click on the autobet button again. Pausing the autobet is not possible in mobile mode. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit – Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win – Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the “Single Win” value entered. Win Limit – Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win – The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature – The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen and fade out after few seconds. The messages for the limits will appear as follows: Loss Limit – “Loss limit reached” Single Win – “Single win reached” Win Limit – “Win limit reached” On a Win – “Win reached” On a Feature – “Feature reached” Last modification date: 7/5/2022