Big Size Fishin' GAME RULES Big Size Fishin' is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, with 10 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three, four or five Bonus symbols award 10, 15 or 20 free spins respectively. During "Free Spins Bonus Feature", three, four or five Bonus symbols will award 3, 6 or 10 additional free spins respectively. When the free spins feature begins, positions (2.2) and (3.2) will be marked with x2. The free spins feature is played on special reels with Wild symbols.The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus symbol . At the end of each spin during the feature, one of the following events will take place: Each fish that lands in a position with a multiplier will multiply its value by the number of that multiplier. If a fisherman symbol appears, it will collect all the values from the fish symbols and add them to the win from the spin. If more than one fisherman symbol appear, only one of them will work. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 7/1/2025