Flaming Hot Devil Flaming Hot Devil Game Help Descend into the blazing depths of the underworld with Flaming Hot Devil — where fire fuels fortune and the reels burn with rewards! Step into a realm of molten lava and devilish delights, where Super Spins light up not just one, but four flaming reel boards at once, quadrupling your chances for massive wins! Watch the heat rise with Replicating Wilds — land a full reel of wilds and see it ignite across all boards for scorching payouts. Dare to spin in the underworld? Enter Flaming Hot Devil and let the fire bring your fortune to a boil! General Information Flaming Hot Devil is 5x3 game with 10 win lines, Super Spins feature, Replicating Wilds and Mixed Cups mode. Game Features Super Spins feature Super Spins feature is triggered from any win of 4x base game stake or more. There are 4 active boards during Super Spins feature. All Super Spins are played from the current winnings. The stake can be changed in Super Spins feature. Minimum stake in Super Spins is 4x current base game stake. If the value in the winnings meter becomes below 4x stake, the Super Spins feature will end, and any winnings will be collected. The total number of Super Spins is limited to 50. Once limit is reached, the Super Spins feature will end, and any winnings will be collected. Super Spins feature can be exited with the help of Collect button, which will collect any winnings and return to the base game. If no spin is played the feature will timeout and collect the winnings. Replicating Wilds feature Replicating Wilds feature is only available in Super Spins feature. When Wilds land in view, they will replicate across subsequent reels sets. Wild symbols are stacked and only available on the third reel. MIXED CUPS MODE Mixed Cups mode doubles the stake and activates mixed cups payouts. The paytable stays the same for base game and Super Spins feature. To see the payouts, open Paytable on the current stake. Super Spins feature is triggered from any win of 2x stake or more in Mixed Cups mode. Minimum stake in Super Spins is 2x current stake in Mixed Cups mode. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid left to right, right to left and center winning combination. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Super Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. RTP -93.21% Last modification date: 11/18/2025