Fish & Chips Game Overview "Fish And Chips” is a 5-reel, 3-row, 25 bet-lines, video slot game. Main Game - The player need to match between three to five symbols to win the prize based on the paytable multipliers. The game offers three features: Bonus Game – Bonus game multipliers X line bet Scatter – the total bet X multipliers (3X3, 4X6, 5X30) Wild – anywhere on a wining line will multiply your wining (2X2, 3X5, 4X10 ,5X5000 bet) Playing the Game: Choose the amount you'd like to bet with. Control the bet amount by pressing the Arrows on the sides of the Bet display. When you're ready to set the reels in motion, click on the "Spin" button on the side of the screen. Your winnings are automatically added to your account balance! You can see your Total Win displayed on the lower part of the screen after each spin. Round can also be initiated using the Auto-bet. Game & Feature rules Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according the games 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the 'Info' button. All prize multipliers are multiplied by the Line Bet amount ('Total bet' divided by the total number of 'lines'). Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel.  A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE  Multiplied by the line bet amount. A bet line win in currency is equal to the prize multiplier multiplied by the line bet amount. PAYOUT RULES IN MAIN GAME Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel.  A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE  Multiplied by the line bet amount. A bet line win in currency is equal to the prize multiplier multiplied by the line bet amount. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. Incomplete games will be either completed automatically or will be in pending state until the player re opens the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Bonus Game –the Lucky reef Bonus The feature is triggered when Reef Bonus icon appears 3 or more times anywhere on reels simultaneously. The goal in this bonus feature is to open as many molluscs as possible (up to 6). Every prize generating molluscs adds up to the total win multipliers count;  The total amount of prize multipliers accumulated is multiplied by the Line Bet. How to read the pay table The Paytable in a video slots game acts like a key, explaining the value of each symbol in the game. Each symbol has assigned to it a certain number value. The win amount is determined based on the number that the Paytable shows for a certain symbol multiplied by the line bet value that the player determines before he/she spins the reels. You can reference the Paytable and use the following formula to calculate what your win will be: Line Bet Value (Player sets this before spinning) x the number the Paytable shows for total number of hits for any given symbol = win amount. Symbol 5 in a row 4 in a row 3 in a row Wild 5000 0 0 Scatter 0 0 0 Bonus 0 0 0 Crab 1000 160 50 Sea star 500 125 45 Anchor 250 100 35 Map 200 75 30 A 125 50 25 K 100 50 20 Q 100 25 15 J 75 15 8 10 50 10 4 The paytable can be accessed by clicking the Info Icon on the lower left side of the screen. On mobile, Inside the game setting pages, the paytable can be accessed by clicking on the Info icon on the left side of the screen. Game Controls- Desktop Spin Starts a round Stop Stops a reel Skip Skip win animations to end result Bet increase, Display and decrease Win Display Balance Display Open Auto-bet Sound On/Off Long click opens volume control Full screen toggle switch between full screen modes Home Return to host web page Cashier Open player account Help Open Help page INFO Open Pay table screens Autobet Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current line bet configuration To use the auto bet a player clicks the auto bet icon next to the “Spin” button. To set number of rounds click the "SET AUTOBET ROUNDS" panel and then select the desired value of rounds. To add limits open the setting panel using the [+] sign. Each setting can be set to on or off using the on/off switch. Some limits require a numeric value that must be entered before auto-bet activation. Limits without a valid numeric value will turn off once auto-bet is activated. To close the setting panel click the [-] button. To start an auto-bet session, click the PLAY button. To Pause an auto-bet session, click the Pause button. To exit the Autobet mode click the [X] button. During Autobet play, the setting panel is closed. Autobet in the UK Players from UK who want to use the autobet feature must set a loss limit and number of must set a loss limit and number of bet rounds before engaging the autobet. Any attempt to start autobet play with no valid value set in the loss limit field or the number of rounds , will be denied. The Loss limit is on all the time and cannot be disabled. The Loss limit is visible for UK players all the time the autobet panel is open. Autobet number of rounds must be set before starting the autobet session. General Information Game Type Video Slot 3x5 Number of Lines 25 Return to Player 95.08% Return to Player Last modification date: 12/19/2017