Phoenix Gold The legend of the Phoenix rising from the ashes has been told for generations and continues to live on. Now it’s time for you to dive into the magic and mystery of the Phoenix in order to raise golden treasures from the ashes in this riveting action slot. Phoenix Gold is a 3-row, 5-reel video slot that offers impressive features, including mystery random multipliers to crank up your winnings. The Free Spins feature brings even more thrills, as additional rows are added to reels 2, 3 and 4 to boost the winning ways from an impressive 243 ways up to a spectacular 576 ways. Plus, you get to choose the number of Free Spins you want, ranging from 6-25, with each option offering multipliers from 2X up to a bankroll boosting 40X. Soar to new winning heights with Phoenix Gold! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 243 ways to win in the base game and 576 ways to win during the Free Spins. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, including Scatters. 3 or more Scatter symbols also triggers the Free Spins. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 243 Ways to win in the base game 576 Ways to win during the Free Spins Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Mystery Random Multipliers and Free Spins - Choose Your Preference Return to Player 96.88% Hit Rate 22.79% Game Features Mystery Random Multiplier: The "Golden Phoenix" Wild symbols come with the Mystery Random multipliers. They appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4, and substitute for all symbols except Scatters. During the base game, when there is a wild symbol/symbols on the reels and it substitutes for a win, the game awards a Mystery Random Multiplier. The payout for that win is multiplied by the Mystery Random Multiplier. Free Spins: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel, it triggers the Free Spins. During the Free Spins, reels 2, 3 and 4 expand to add an extra row of symbols. This takes the game from the base 243 ways to win up to 576 ways to win during the Free Spins. There are 7 Free Spins options to choose from, each with a varying number of spins and respective multipliers. Each different coloured Phoenix represents one of the options and it becomes Wild during the Free Spins. If a retrigger of the Free Spins occurs during the Free Spins feature, the same number of Free Spins are awarded as the initial Free Spins round. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop or the Spin button on mobile. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 8/19/2025