Million 7 Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version Million 7 Type of game Videoslot Geometry 6x10 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.3% Autoplay mode Yes GAME RULES Million 7 is a video slot with 6 reels and 10 rows, with a million of combinations and free spin feature. The SPIN button generates a spin with the selected bet. When you press AUTOSPIN you’ll automatically play the amount of spins selected. In the event that a combination of symbols generates more than one win, it will be awarded with the configuration which produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and payments will be decided according to PAY TABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. There are two Scatter symbols: Gold 7 and and Silver 7 . As they are Scatter symbols, the win received depends on the total amount of appearances of the symbol on the spin, without the need for them to be on a win line. These wins are given as a multiplier of the total cost of the spin. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the following symbols: Bonus, Gold 7, Silver 7, Banknote, Gold M and Silver M. The Silver M symbol can appear on reels 2 and 3, then it remains fixed in place converting itself to Wild and launches a respin in the other reels. In the event that they appear in the reels 2 and 3 at the same time, a respin is launched in the other reels being both Wild symbols and moreover the win shall be multiplied x2. The Gold M symbol only appears in reels 1, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Three or more symbols launches the ‘FRENZY’ feature. The central reels will change into a one reel mini slot machine with new symbols which you will be able to get to multiply your bet by line, additional instant free spins or enter the new mini card game ‘FRENZY SEVENS’. The Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3, 4, 5 and 6. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays Three or more Banknote symbols will launch the COLLECT feature. In this feature all the empty symbols spin and are converted into money. The values of all the Banknote symbols present shall be added together and paid. Each Banknote x2 symbol multiplies the value of all the Banknote symbols by two. In the event of getting various Banknote x2, then said multiplier shall accumulate. In the event of entering into the feature with 4 or more Banknote symbols, those which appear after the fourth shall be converted automatically into Banknote x2. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three, four or five Bonus symbols award a feature of 8, 12 or 16 free spins, respectively. A Wild symbol shall be put in the second reel during the entire free spins feature. A Bonus symbol shall be put in the second reel during the entire free spins feature. A Banknote symbol shall be put in the first reel during the entire free spins feature. Two Gold 7 symbols shall be put in the second reel during the entire free spins feature. The free spins feature is played on special reels without Gold M symbol. The 'Free Spins Feature’ is played at the same level of bet that the spin that activated the feature. If, upon ending the "Free Spins Bonus Feature", the total win is less than 10 times the bet which activated the feature, 4 additional free spins are obtained. Additional spins will continue to be awarded until the total win of the feature exceeds said minimum of 10 times the bet. FRENZY FEATURE 3 symbols launch the ‘FRENZY’ feature. The central reels will change into a mini slot machine, allowing for three different ways to get a win: Direct wins in the form of multipliers of the total cost of the bet. A certain quantity of instant free spins that are played with special reels, without Gold M or Bonus, and at the same betting level as the spin which activated the mini game. A Wild symbol shall be put in the second reel during the entire free spins feature. Two Gold 7 symbols shall be put in the second reel during the entire free spins feature. A Silver 7 shall be put in the first and second reel during the entire free spins feature. In the “Mini card game FRENZY SEVENS " you shall choose cards one by one. Every time you get a different seven, the associated win is added up and you continue playing. When you uncover two of the same sevens, you shall exit the mini game. BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the Casino operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. The maximum win from a single game is 33,835. Last modification date: 6/20/2025