Stallion Fortunes GAME RULES Saddle up, it’s time to take a trip to the Wild West to round up wild stallions and earn golden rewards. Get ready for non-stop action and payouts as you gallop your way to victory in this action-adventure slot. With 4 in-game jackpots up for grabs, you will be singing yeehaw all the way to the bank! Stallion Fortunes is 5-reel, 3-row slot, filled with cowboys, horses, gold and more. To get you in the winning saddle, the Coin Collect feature can occur at any time. The Free Spins are your ticket to even more payouts, and if lady luck is on your side, you could be reeling in a massive jackpot too! Ride off into the sunset with gold in your pocket with Stallion Fortunes. There are 25 winning lines in Stallion Fortunes. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 lines Game Features Betting Lines - Select the amount of paylines to bet on. There are 25 paylines. Coin Collect - Win even more by collecting coins Free Spins - 8 Free Spins + unlimited reactivations Mini, Minor, Major & Grand Jackpots. Win up to 1,000x Return to Player 96.23% Hit Rate 26.15% Game Features Coin Collect When coins with values on them and a “Collect” symbol land on the reels at the same time, the total value shown on the coins is awarded. The values of the coin symbols are dependent on the total bet amount. Changing the bet amount only takes effect on the next spin after the change was made. The Coin Collect feature can occur during the base game and Free Spins. The Coin Collect feature occurs more often during the Free Spins. Free spins When 3 or more scatter symbols land on reels 2,3 and 4, it awards 8 Free Spins. If 3 scatter symbols land during the Free Spins, it awards an additional 8 Free Spins. The Free Spins can be retriggered an unlimited number of times. Stallion Fortunes Jackpots There are 4 jackpots that can be won, being the Mini, Minor, Major & Grand jackpots that are displayed adjacent to the reels. When 1 or more Coins and a Collect symbol land on the same spin, the jackpot picker bonus round may be triggered at random. Any Coin Collect payouts are first paid and then the Jackpot picker round begins. There are 15 coins to choose from. Revealing 3 matching jackpot coins awards the respective jackpot. The jackpot values are as follows: Mini Jackpot = 50X total bet Minor Jackpot = 100X total bet Major Jackpot = 200X total bet Grand Jackpot = 1,000 X total bet Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Choose the number of paylines to bet on between 5 and 25 by clicking on the up and down arrows on the side of the reels. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button Bets are calculated as follows: 25 lines = 20 Credits , 20 lines = 16 credits, 15 lines = 12 credits , 10 lines = 8 credits , 5 lines = 4 credits Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature and with the same number of paylines. Incomplete game sessions All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction .COM 30 Days Italy 7 Days Spain 7 Days Denmark 90 Days Sweden 90 Days Romania 30 Days Portugal 90 Days Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/28/2022