Guardians of Luxor GAME RULES Guardians of Luxor is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Anubis symbols appear in reels 2, 3 and 4. They also offers a win equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for them to be on a winning line. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Obtain 3 to 9 Silver Pyramid symbols and multiply your bet by up to 100. Obtain 3, 4 or 5 Golden Pyramid symbols and multiply your bet by up to 200. SACRED SCARAB The Scarab symbol only appears in the central reel and takes up three positions in the reel. When this symbol appears fully in a spin, thus filling the entire central reel, it will grant entry to the Sacred Scarabs feature. Once the Scarab symbol appears, it will turn into 3 sacred scarabs that will be fixed in place and grant 3 free spins. Each additional scarab will remain fixed in place and reset the counter to 3 spins. The feature will end when the spins have been used up or when all the positions in the reels contain a scarab. During the Sacred Scarabs feature, you can obtain the Minor, Major and Grand wins. Once this feature is completed, all the values of the scarabs will be added together. The scarabs with a Minor or Major value are equivalent to the value of their respective wins. If all the positions in the reels contain a scarab symbol, you will be rewarded with the GRAND win. The Minor, Major and Grand wins are not considered progressive wins, as their values are not affected by a previous play by the player or anything else. OSIRIS WILD RESPIN It appears in the center reel and expands to occupy it entirely, becoming a WILD. Then it remains stationary and launches a respin on the other reels. WHEEL FEATURE The Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Three wheel symbols provide a turn of the wheel. The win obtained on the Wheel multiplies the value of the cost of the line that activated the feature. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If you obtain three Anubis symbols, the free spins feature will be launched. The amount of free spins as well as multiplier for all of the wins during this feature is determined by the result of the previous mini game. During this feature, all of the wins obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini game. During this feature, obtaining three Anubis symbols will grant the same number of additional spins that were awarded in the minigame that activated the current feature, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in total. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played with special reels, without a golden Scatter or Wheel symbols. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.4%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2,000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2,000 million games was 844 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:2000000000. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.