Fruity Classic: Hold N Bingo Fruity Classic Hold N Bingo Game Help Take the thrills of a classic casino slot, jazz it up and merge it with the captivating features of bingo and you get Fruity Classic Hold N Bingo. The reels of this special and unique slot are filled with timeless symbols like fruits, bars, bells, diamonds and more, but this masterpiece brings a whole new level of features and entertainment that will have you shouting Bingo! Fruity Classic Hold N Bingo begins with a 5x3 reel layout but when 6 or more Diamonds land, it triggers the Hold N Bingo feature that expands the reels to 5x5. Then, all the Diamonds become sticky and 3 respins take place. Any new diamonds that land become sticky, and filling a row or column with Diamonds awards an extra Bingo prize displayed next to or above the respective row or column. Collecting any displayed tokens is the ticket to winning the Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. The Free Spins feature can trigger randomly when Wilds are collected, and to crank up the excitement, the Wild substitutes for all symbols including Diamonds during the feature. Landing 6 or Wilds activates the Hold N Bingo during the Free Spins for even more rewards. Play Fruity Classic Hold N Bingo now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Fruity Classic Hold N Bingo has 20 winning lines. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 Game Features HOLD N BINGO TRIGGER DIAMOND SYMBOL 6 DIAMOND SYMBOLS TRIGGER THE HOLD N BINGO FEATURE! Diamond symbol cash prize values are revealed once the HOLD N BINGO feature begins. Possible Diamond symbol cash prizes are: 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 20x JACKPOT PRIZES Jackpot prizes are awarded only during the HOLD N BINGO feature by filling a row or a column that displays a token on the left of the row or above the column. HOLD N BINGO FEATURE During the base game, 6 or more DIAMOND symbols trigger the Hold N Bingo Feature. The reel layout increases from 3x5 to 5x5. Prizes are displayed on the left of each row and above each column. Available prizes are tokens and multipliers. Filling a row or a column with diamonds awards the corresponding prize. A multiplier prize is applied to all diamonds in the respective row or column. Possible multiplier prizes are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x,9x, 10x, 20x. 1 token awards MINI, 2 tokens award MINOR, 3 tokens award MAJOR and 4 tokens award the GRAND prize The feature starts with 3 respins and all diamonds reveal cash prizes. All diamonds that triggered the feature and all the diamonds collected during the feature become sticky. Every new diamond symbol that lands, resets the respin counter to 3. Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. At the end of the respins all awarded multipliers are applied to cash prizes. If tokens are won, the respective Jackpots are collected, and all Diamond symbol values are added together and awarded as well. The feature ends when no more Respins remain or the reels are full. FREE SPINS The Free Spins feature is triggered randomly during the base game by collecting Wild symbols. 7 Free Spins are awarded. The Wild symbol substitutes for the Diamond symbol and all other symbols during Free Spins. When 6 or more Wilds land simultaneously during the Free Spins, the Hold N Bingo feature is awarded. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during the feature. When the Free Spins feature ends, a banner displays the total Free Spins winnings. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 2500x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 3/25/2025