Dogwood Magic Join Ourik and Shizri on their epic adventure in the Magic Forest to find their older brother Gal who has lost his way. To help you on your journey, the Dogwood Magic Flowers will light up the path and reward you generously. Dogwood Magic slot is packed with mystical and enchanting features that will have you reeling for more! Dogwood Magic is a 5-reel, 4-row slot with magical bonus features. The Magic Flower unlocks reel positions to reveal split symbols with the potential to payout plenty. When Mystery Symbols land, they all randomly convert into the same symbol. Keep the action coming with the Free Spins feature that can award up to 20 Free Spins. Use the Buy Bonus option to activate a bonus feature at any time. Ready for a magical gaming experience? Play Dogwood Magic now! Game Information Game winning ways: There are up to 40,000 ways in Dogwood Magic. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 1,024 - 40,000 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 +1 row 4x1 Game Features MAGIC FLOWER Landing a Magic Flower symbol unlocks the locked position and reveals split symbols MYSTERY SYMBOL Mystery symbols convert to any random symbol except Scatters, Wild and Magic Flower symbols All Mystery symbols on the reels transform into the same symbol. WIN MULTIPLIER The win multiplier increases with each consecutive win All the wins are multiplied by the win multiplier except Scatters. FREE SPINS When 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively When +2 or +3 symbols land during the Free Spins, it awards 2 or 3 extra free spins respectively Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature 1 - 10 Free Spins 95.81% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature 2 - 15 Free Spins 95.76% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature 3 - 20 Free Spins 95.90% Return to Player 96.22% Hit Rate 27.15% Game Features BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Selecting the “Buy Bonus” button opens a pop-up that shows the options and the amount to pay to activate a feature. The amount of credits to be paid is a multiplier of the current bet amount Pay 50x total bet to play 10 Free Spins Pay 75x total bet to play 15 Free Spins Pay 100x total bet to play 20 Free Spins Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 3/8/2023