Boitata The Fire Guardian Boitatá The Fire Guardian Game Help Deep in the Amazon jungle is a mystical untouched place where nature is balanced and the animals thrive thanks to Boitatá, the fire serpent and guardian of the jungle. You are welcome to visit and explore but make sure to leave everything pristine, and in return, you may receive generous rewards. Boitatá The Fire Guardian is a 3x3 slot with magical features that begin in the base game with the Nudge and Respin. When a Big Nudging Wild appears on the middle reel, it awards a respin with a multiplier up to 20x. Keep the winning adventure going with 4 Free Spins that can randomly trigger, plus each spin is blessed with a multiplier and a special Wild for jungle-sized payouts. Play Boitatá The Fire Guardian now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Boitatá The Fire Guardian has 5 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 Number of Paylines 5 Game Features NUDGE AND RESPIN Wild symbol on the middle reel nudges all other symbols when any part of it is displayed on the reel. After the Wild is fully positioned on the middle reel, 1 Respin takes place with the middle reel remaining as a Sticky Wild. During the Respin, only , and will appear on reels 1 and 3 and a multiplier will be applied to any wins. Possible Respin multipliers are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x or 20x. Nudge and Respin feature does not occur during Free Spins. FREE SPINS During the base game, Free Spins can trigger randomly on any spin. 4 Free Spins are awarded and on each spin, a random L-shaped Wild symbol will appear that takes up 4 positions on the reel. A multiplier is applied to each spin. Possible multipliers during Free Spins are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x. Free Spins cannot trigger during the Nudge and Respins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during the feature. Return to Player 96.06% Hit Rate 26.24% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 4/22/2025