Hot Wild 7s Rich rewards can be yours! Amazing Riches is overflowing with dazzling gems, captivating features and thrilling jackpots. This immersive slot will capture your attention on every spin. The coloured gems are your ticket to activating the Amazing Riches bonus feature with incredible payouts. Amazing Riches is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with 50 winning lines. Landing matching gems on reels 2,3 & 4 activates the Amazing Riches Bonus feature, where your collection of gems promises impressive rewards. Prepare for even more payouts with the Free Spins, where the Amazing Riches Bonus feature can occur frequently. Play now and Amazing Riches could be yours! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Amazing Riches. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Amazing Riches Bonus Feature Free Spins Return to Player 96.22% Hit Rate 42.37% Game Features Amazing Riches Bonus Feature The feature symbols, available only on reels 2, 3 and 4, include: Red, 2x Red, Blue, 2x Blue, Green, 2x Green and the Mixed Gems. Collect Gems and Win Prizes. 3 Red Gem symbols award the credit prize displayed on the Red Gem meter. 3 Blue Gem symbols award the credit prize displayed on the Blue Gem meter. 3 Green Gem symbols award the credit prize displayed on the Green Gem meter. 3 Mixed Gems symbols award the jackpot which includes all the prizes displayed on the Red, Blue and Green Gem meters. After the prize is paid, the Gem meters reset according to the number of respective gems collected. Substitutes: Red, 2x Red, Blue, 2x Blue, Green, 2x Green and Mixed Gems symbols are wild and substitute for all paying symbols except the Scatter. 2x Red, 2x Blue or 2x Green Gems substitute for Red, Blue or Green Gems, respectively. The Mixed Gems symbol substitute for Red, Blue and Green gems. If 1 of the 2x Red, 2x Blue or 2x Green Gems substitute in for a win, the payout for that win is multiplied by 2x. If 2 of the 2x Red, 2x Blue or 2x Green Gems substitute in for a win, the payout for that win is multiplied by 4x. If 3 of the 2x Red, 2x Blue or 2x Green Gems substitute in for a win, the payout for that win is multiplied by 8x. Free Spins When 3 Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, it triggers 7 Free Spins. During the Free Spins, each +1 Free Spin symbol that appears on reels 2, 3 or 4, will award an additional free spin. The Amazing Riches Bonus feature is available during the Free Spins and it can occur frequently. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 50, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Jackpot and Gem Meters are calculated using the following formula: Jackpot - (2000x total bet) + (Sum of all Red, Blue and Green gem meters) Red Gem Meter - (2x total bet) X (Sum of all Red gems collected) Blue Gem Meter - (2x total bet) X (Sum of all Blue gems collected) Green Gem Meter - (2x total bet) X (Sum of all Green gems collected) Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/19/2022