Million Christmas 3 GAME RULES Million Christmas 3 is a slot machine with 6 reels and 10 rows, featuring 1 million ways to win and a Free Spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Combinations are valid from leftmost to the right on consecutive reels. The maximum win per spin is capped at 60,000 times the total bet. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. MAGIC PORTALS If at least 1 snowflake symbol appears in any position on the reels, the “Magic Portal” feature may be launched randomly. 3 magic portals will appear on the reels in random positions during this feature. If a red coin falls on top of a magic portal, the win that it contains will be awarded. Similarly, all the other coins that are stacked above this coin will gradually enter the portal, successively awarding the wins they contain. MILLION CHRISTMAS MINIGAME The appearance of at least one Santa special symbol anywhere on the reels may randomly trigger the "Million Christmas Minigame". At the beginning you will be granted 3 spins and 5 win symbols, placed randomly throughout the reels. Any new win symbol that lands in the reels will remain fixed in place and restart the spins. At the beginning of the minigame there will be 5 reels and 3 rows available. In addition to wins, special symbols may also fall during the minigame. Get 3 of the same kind to obtain an enhancement. The keys unlock up to 3 extra rows. The special value boost symbols will increase the value of wins that are fixed in the reels. The heart symbols grant an extra spin. The special multiplier symbols increase the multiplier level. These special symbols also reset the heart counter when they land on the reels. The minigame will finish when there are no more spins left, or when the reels have been completely filled. SANTA’S GIFTS 3 or more Santa’s Elf symbols trigger the "Santa’s Gifts" minigame. The minigame has a 3x3 reels layout. 3 respins are awarded at the start of the minigame. The minigame begins with 1 sack and 2 gifts. Santa’s sack is a collector symbol and gathers the prizes from the gifts and the Minor, Major, and Grand candy symbols. Only gifts, Santa’s sacks, multiplier elves, and Minor, Major, and Grand candies appear during the minigame. Collector sacks appear only on the center reel and collect and accumulate the values of the gifts that land on reels 1 and 3 during the minigame. When the minigame ends, all values collected in the sack symbols are added to the total prize. Each new sack, gift, elf, or candy resets the respins counter to 3. Multiplier elf symbols increase the multiplier of the position they land on by 1 and then disappears. If a multiplier elf lands on a position that already has a multiplier, it increases it by 1. Gifts that land on a position with a multiplier will have their value multiplied before being collected by the sack. The minigame will end when there are no respins remaining. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If a regular spin triggers 5 or more connected re-spins, it generates a "Free Spins Bonus Feature". Each Bonus symbol obtained in the spin counts as an additional re-spin when deciding access to 'Free Spins'. The number of initial free spins is decided on the basis of the total number of connected re-spins triggered by the spin which led to this feature. Initially there are 8 free spins, which can increase to a maximum of 16 free spins. A special reel will appear during the free spins feature, which is activated with each spin. This reel contains multipliers and extra free spins. If the special reel grants a multiplier, this will be applied to the win obtained from that spin. If the special reel grants extra free spins, these will be added to the current free spin counter for the feature. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. If, upon ending the "Free Spins Bonus Feature", the total win is less than 16 times the bet which activated the feature, 4 additional free spins are obtained. Additional spins will continue to be awarded until the total win of the feature exceeds said minimum of 16 times the bet. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. The maximum win for the "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is limited to 60,000 times the bet which triggered the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP)95.4% (Buy Free Spins 95.4%). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games was 10000 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:28571428. This maximum price contains all winnings due to an unique spin in the whole simulation. That includes all features, minigames or free spin stages triggered in that spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/2/2025