Book of The Full Moon Book of The Full Moon is an Egyptian-themed, 5x3 slot with fascinating features. Put the reels in motion as the Book of The Full Moon feature can trigger at random during the base game. When it does, the Book will appear, and the pages will reveal a special symbol and multiplier for 1 spin for even more action and winning. Brace yourself for superb payouts when 3+ Scatters land and trigger up to 12 Free Spins, but this time the Book will reveal a special symbol and multiplier for the entire feature. Plus, there are 5 levels of Free Spins with each one offering additional special symbols and multipliers. Play Book of The Full Moon now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Book of the Full Moon has 10 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features BOOK OF THE FULL MOON FEATURE During the base game, the Book of The Full Moon Feature triggers randomly on any spin. A random symbol from the pages of the Book of The Full Moon is selected to be the special symbol. A multiplier that will be applied to the special symbol is also revealed. The feature takes place for one spin in the base game and can be triggered randomly again during gameplay. The Book of The Full Moon spin then takes place and if special symbols land anywhere on the reels, the number of special symbols is counted and the multipliers are added up. Once the reels stop, all special symbols on the reels are counted and the multipliers are added up. FREE SPINS Landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards 8, 10 or 12 Free Spins respectively. Before the Free Spins, a special symbol is selected from the Book of The Full Moon. At the same time, an initial multiplier to be applied to the special symbol is revealed as well. The Book of The Full Moon feature has 5 levels during the Free Spins with Level 1 being the start of the feature. During the Free Spins, every 4th Scatter symbol collected unlocks the next level of the Book of The Full Moon. Each progressive level awards 2 additional Free Spins and either a multiplier or an additional special symbol. There are 5 levels to the Book of The Full Moon Feature: Level 1 - Initial level that gives both a special symbol and a multiplier. Level 2 - One more symbol will be considered special and have the collected multiplier applied to it as well Level 3 - An additional multiplier is added to the current one Level 4 - One more symbol becomes special and the collected multiplier is applied to it as well. Level 5 - An additional multiplier is added to the current one BUY BONUS Activate the Bonus Feature anytime during the base game with theBuy Bonus" option. BOOST FEATURE Bet 1.5x - HIGHER CHANCE TO WIN FREE SPINS Return to Player (RTP) - Boost Feature 96.11% Return to Player (RTP) - Buy Bonus 1 96.28% Return to Player (RTP) - Buy Bonus 2 96.29% Return to Player (RTP) - Buy Bonus 3 96.32% Return to Player (RTP) - Super Buy Bonus 96.36% Return to Player 96.13% Hit Rate 23.78% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Activating boost feature doesn't impact Max Exposure of the game as payouts are calculated on the base bet. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/26/2025