Balls Of Fire Balls of Fire is a game filled with football passion and the heat of victory, for fans of football and excitement, with unique game features. Unforgettable interactions await! The unique feature of our player going for goal to deliver reel changing moments leaves a lasting impression, constantly influencing the free spins game! Feel like a winner playing Balls of Fire! See you on the field. General Information There are Wild Re-spin, Persistent Wild, Free Spins, Spectacular Link™ and Feature Respin™ in Balls of Fire. All awards (except scatters) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5х3 The Best Strategy Return to Player 93.26% Feature Spin™ RTP 5 free spins 93.25% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 free spins 93.20% Feature Spin™ RTP 15 free spins 93.22% Feature Spin™ RTP 20 free spins 93.22% Buy Feature RTP 5 free spins 93.24% Buy Feature RTP 10 free spins 93.21% Buy Feature RTP 15 free spins 93.23% Buy Feature RTP 20 free spins 93.22% Game Features WILD RE-SPIN FEATURE During any base game spin, at random, Wild symbols land on the reels and any wins are calculated. Then Wild symbols lock in place and award a free re-spin. If all reels positions are filled with Wild symbol, the fixed win amount (x100 stake) is awarded and no re-spin occurs. PERSISTENT WILD FEATURE Every Wild in base game spin contains a number between 2 and 4 that shows how many paid spins Wild symbol will stay on the reels. With each spin the number decreases by 1. The state of persistent wild is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. Persistent wild activated in base game is playing only for base game spins. Free re-spins do not reduce the counter of Persistent Wilds. FREE SPINS FEATURE When 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 10, 20 or 75 Free Spins respectively. Wild Re-spin feature is triggered every Free Spin. Re-spins do not count as part of 10 Free Spins total. No Free Spins symbols are available during the Free Spins feature. Free spins cannot be re-triggered. If no selection is made, the Free Spins feature pop-up will time out and start the Free Spins feature. FEATURE RESPIN™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x40.80 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x68.00 stake when offered 20 Free Spins x95.20 stake when offered 30 Free Spins x122.40 stake when offered 40 Free Spins x217.60 stake when offered 75 Free Spins x244.80 stake when offered 85 Free Spins x274.72 stake when offered 95 Free Spins x421.60 stake when offered 150 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x20.40 stake when offered 5 Free Spins x45.40 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x68.50 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x92.20 stake when offered 20 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x20.40 stake when offered 5 Free Spins x45.40 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x68.50 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x92.20 stake when offered 20 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. SPECTACULAR LINK™ FEATURE 4 or more value symbols and/or pot symbols trigger Spectacular Link™ feature. Value symbols are presented as coins. Possible value symbols are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x250). During the Spectacular Link™ feature the game reels and rows extend to 7x5 respectively. Only value symbols and pot symbols are active during the Spectacular Link™ feature. The symbols triggered the Spectacular Link™ feature remain on the reels on the same positions and all the other vanish. Randomly from 1 up to 3 reels cells are chosen for upgrades in Spectacular Link™ feature. The upgrade activates only when a symbol lands on the corresponding reels cell. When a symbol lands on Spinner or Whistle cell, random number of empty reels positions are filled with the same cash/pot value that landed on the cell. When a symbol lands on the Elimination cell, the x1 value symbol cannot land on the reels on the next spins. Spectacular Link™ feature starts with 3 spins and each time a new value symbol and/or pot symbol lands, it locks in place till the end of the Spectacular Link™ feature and the spin count resets back to 3. When total re-spin number reaches 20, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2. When total re-spin number reaches 40, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2 again. When there are no re-spins left or total re-spin number reaches 40, the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. If all cells are filled with symbols, the Grand (x500) pot or the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. The higher award is collected: e.g. if the total sum of all the landed value/pot symbols is higher than Grand pot, the sum of symbols is awarded. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If all reels positions are filled with Wild symbol, the fixed win amount (x100 stake) is awarded. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature – the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: Free Spins and Spectacular Link™. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/7/2024