You Are The One Do you enjoy both romance and slot games? Then You Are The One is exactly what you’ve been looking for. We invite you to embark on a thrilling gaming adventure in the most romantic season of the year! You Are The One is a vibrant slot game that captures the nostalgic charm of the 1960s, with a stylish retro aesthetic. Enhanced by Spinberry’s innovative features, this game promises you a truly magical experience, where the excitement of winning feels just like the thrill of first love! Play You Are The One now and let the excitement of romance and winning sweep you away! General Information The game features multiple bonus rounds including Free Spins, Feature Respin™, Win Boost, Spectacular Link™ and Spectacular Link Frenzy each offering unique ways to enhance winnings. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.12% Feature Spin™ RTP 12 free spins 93.14% Buy Feature RTP 12 free spins 93.15% Base Game RTP Spectacular Link Frenzy 22.83% Game Features Free Spins feature When 3 Free Spins symbols land on the reels 1, 3 and 5, it awards 12 Free Spins. On triggering 3 symbols are randomly selected for the Free Spins feature to be played out with, during the 12 Free Spins only these 3 picture symbols are in view on the reels. No Free Spins symbols available during Free Spins feature. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins feature starts after selecting 3 symbols or symbols are selected automatically after time out. RTP is equally distributed among the symbols and autopick doesn't impact overall RTP. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Win Boost/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and cannot be retriggered. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x21.63 stake when offered 8 Free Spins x27.02 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x32.45 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x54.02 stake when offered 20 Free Spins x59.61 stake when offered 22 Free Spins x65.35 stake when offered 24 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: х16.23 stake when offered 12 Free Spins -For Buy feature: х37.01 stake when offered 12 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Spectacular Link™ feature 4 or more value symbols and/or pot symbols trigger Spectacular Link™ feature. Value symbols are presented as coins. Possible value symbols are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x250). During the Spectacular Link™ feature the game reels and rows extend to 7x5 respectively. Only value symbols and pot symbols are active during the Spectacular Link™ feature. The symbols triggered the Spectacular Link™ feature remain on the reels on the same positions and all the other vanish. Randomly from 1 up to 3 reels cells are chosen for upgrades in Spectacular Link™ feature. The upgrade activates only when a symbol lands on the corresponding reels cell. When a symbol lands on Spinner or Whistle cell, random number of empty reels positions are filled with the same cash/pot value that landed on the cell. When a symbol lands on the Elimination cell, the x1 value symbol cannot land on the reels on the next spins. Spectacular Link™ feature starts with 3 spins and each time a new value symbol and/or pot symbol lands, it locks in place till the end of the Spectacular Link™ feature and the spin count resets back to 3. When total re-spin number reaches 20, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2. When total re-spin number reaches 40, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2 again. When there are no re-spins left or total re-spin number reaches 40, the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. If all cells are filled with symbols, the Grand (x500) pot or the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. The higher award is collected: e.g. if the total sum of all the landed value/pot symbols is higher than Grand pot, the sum of symbols is awarded. Spectacular Link Frenzy feature is not active when Spectacular Link™ feature is enabled. Spectacular Link Frenzy feature Spectacular Link Frenzy feature is triggered when Frenzy symbol lands in view along with cash and/or pot symbols. Frenzy symbol collects values from cash and pot symbols and then transfers it to the balance. Value symbols are presented as coins. Possible value symbols are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x250), Grand (x500). When there are 2 or more Frenzy symbols on the reels, each Frenzy symbol collects the values from the same cash and pot symbols. Spectacular Link™ feature is not active when Spectacular Link Frenzy feature is enabled. Win Boost feature Win Boost feature has 12 different sections. Win Boost feature is activated when a base game win occurs of x5 stake or above. When activated, the Start button is pressed or the Win Boost pop-up times out and start the Win Boost feature. Once the Win Boost feature stops spinning it will land on either a multiplier or a number of Free Spins. If a multiplier is landed on, the player is awarded their original win multiplied by the multiplier amount. If the Free Spins are landed on, the player is awarded Free Spins. If no selection is made, the Win Boost feature pop-up will time out and start the Win Boost feature. FEATURES ORDER IN BASE GAME The order of playing features is following: 1. Win Boost feature 2. Free Spins feature 3. Feature Respin™ 4. Spectacular Link™ feature or Spectacular Link Frenzy feature Buy Feature Additional way to trigger 12 Free Spins. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger 12 Free Spins. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player's balance becomes less than the last spin stake amount the Bet Chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then the remaining balance is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Free Spins symbol also acts as Wild symbol. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Spectacular link™ feature and Spectacular Link Frenzy feature symbols. Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the Auto button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds via the Auto button. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature – the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: Spectacular Link™, Spectacular Link Frenzy, Free Spins and Win Boost. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/5/2025