Book of Oktoberfest Book of Oktoberfest Game Help Welcome to the atmospheric German pub filled with fun and big winnings! In Book of Oktoberfest you will find an friendly atmosphere; filled with traditional graphics and sound design, and, of course, our branded features for even more enjoyment of the game! Free Spins Feature where you can pick your own expanding symbol, Feature Spin™, Feature Respin™ & Buy Feature! With the unique Sticky Spins feature, the player has an unprecedented opportunity to play 5 spins with an increased chance of free spins feature trigger. Enjoy the unique atmosphere of an authentic German pub with Book of Oktoberfest! See you in the company of friends! General Information Book of Oktoberfest is a 5-reel 10-line game that has Free Spins with Special Expanding symbol, Feature Respin™ and Sticky Spins. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.26% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 Free Spins feature 93.28% Buy Feature RTP 10 Free Spins feature 93.12% Sticky Spins RTP 93.26% Game Features FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Free Spins symbols land anywhere on the reels. Free Spins feature awards 10 Free Spins with Special Expanding Symbol and bonus winnings. 3 Free Spins symbols award x2 stake bonus winnings. 4 Free Spins symbols award x20 stake bonus winnings. 5 Free Spins symbols award x200 stake bonus winnings. Additional Free Spins can be awarded during the feature. 3 or more Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 10 additional Free Spins. After timeout a random expanding symbol is selected and Free Spins feature starts. RTP is equally distributed among the symbols and autopick doesn't impact overall RTP. SPECIAL EXPANDING SYMBOL Select one symbol as Special Expanding Symbol before starting Free Spins. This symbol expands to cover a full reel if a winning combination is possible. Special Expanding symbol will expand only when additional winnings can be awarded along active win lines for winning combinations. Expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. WILD SYMBOL Free Spins symbol also acts as Wild. It substitutes for all symbols to form a winning combination. STICKY SPINS Sticky Spins is 5 linked spins with where Free Spins symbols stick on the reels for the remaining spins. Sticky Spins has higher chance to trigger Free Spins feature. The awards for Free Spins symbols are paid out only after 5 Sticky Spins. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature./Sticky Spins It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: х67.5 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: х67.5 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Buy feature: х67.5 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Sticky Spins: х67.5 stake when offered 10 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Match 3 active Free Spins symbols on the reels to trigger 10 Free Spins with Special Expanding Symbol. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except Free Spins symbol) pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Malfunction voids all pays. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunctions Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/16/2025