Midas Wins GAME RULES Midas Wins is a slot machine with 5 reels and 5 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. A scatter win will be awarded if 6 or more symbols of the same type appear in any position on the reels. The number of symbols of the same kind on the reels at the end of a spin will determine the value of the win. When wins are obtained through multiple symbols, all these wins will be added to the total. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. MULTIPLIER COINS Multiplier coins may appear during each spin. If the King Midas symbol appears during the same spin, it will collect the coins. The coins collected by King Midas will also disappear. The win from the spin will be multiplied by the value of the coins collected by King Midas when the cascade finishes. This feature is active during both the base game and free spins. If more than one King Midas symbol appears along with multiplier coins, several collection events will be launched, with all the King Midas symbols on the screen collecting all the multiplier coins visible in the reels. The wins will be awarded when the cascade ends. During the free spins feature, King Midas will appear in every spin next to the reels. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If you land 3 or more BONUS symbols, you will be awarded 12 free spins respectively on a x1 multiplier level. To advance to the second level, you must obtain 5 BONUS symbols on the first level. Upon reaching the second level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x2. To advance to the third level, you must obtain 5 BONUS symbols on the second level. Upon reaching the third level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x3. The multipliers will be applied to the wins. Bonus symbols do not appear on the third level. The mulitiplier level will be applied to the value of the coins during the “Free Spins Feature”. Bonus symbols will also disappear from the spin during the free spins feature. The free spins feature is played on special reels without King Midas symbols. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.3% (Buy Free Spins 95.3%). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games was 3249.6 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:10000000000. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/16/2025