Arabian Wins ARABIAN WINS GAME RULES ARABIAN WINS is a slot machine with 5 reels and 5 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. A scatter win will be awarded if 6 or more symbols of the same type appear in any position on the reels. The number of symbols of the same kind on the reels at the end of a spin will determine the value of the win. When wins are obtained through multiple symbols, all these wins will be added to the total. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the gaps, the new gaps are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. MULTIPLIER COINS Multiplier coins may appear during each spin. If the genie symbol appears during the same spin, it will collect the coins. The coins collected by the genie will also disappear. The win from that particular spin will be multiplied by the value of the coins collected by the genie when the cascade ends. This feature is active during both the base game and free spins. If more than 1 genie symbol appears alongside multiplier coins, another collection will take place where all the genies present will gather all the multiplier coins on the reels. The wins will be awarded when the cascade ends. During the free spins feature, the genie appears in every spin next to the reels. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If you land 3 or more BONUS symbols, you will be awarded 12 free spins respectively on a x1 multiplier level. To advance to the second level, you must obtain 5 BONUS symbols on the first level. Upon reaching the second level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x2. To advance to the third level, you must obtain 5 BONUS symbols on the second level. Upon reaching the third and final level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x3. The multipliers will be applied to the wins. The mulitiplier level will be applied to the value of the coins during the “Free Spins Feature”. Bonus symbols will also disappear from the spin during the free spins feature. The free spins feature is played with some special reels, but no genie symbols. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 4 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.3% (Buy Free Spins . The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10,000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 10,000 million games was 10000 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:2500000000. This maximum price contains all winnings due to an unique spin in the whole simulation. That includes all features, minigames or free spin stages triggered in that spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/25/2025