Super 12 Stars GAME RULES Super 12 Stars is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins The SPIN button makes the spin with 30 lines and the total selected By pressing AUTOSPIN you will automatically play with the selected number of spins. In the event that a line gives more than one prize, that line will be rewarded with the combination that produces the highest The winning combinations and payments will be decided according to PAY Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. There are two Scatter symbols: the golden Super 5 Stars and the silver one. As they are Scatter symbols, the win received depends on the total amount of appearances of the symbol on the spin, without the need for them to be on a win line. These wins are given as a multiplier of the total cost of the The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus symbol, Wheel symbol and Scatter The Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Three wheel symbols provide a turn of the The Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. They also offers a win equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for them to be on a winning The Super 7 symbol only appears on the central reel. When this symbol appears in a spin, it will expand to occupy the entire reel, and make all of the symbols on the central reel act as Wilds (replacing any other symbol except Bonus symbol, Wheel symbol and Scatter symbols). Also, an extra spin will be awarded, maintaining the central reel stationary and as The Super 10 symbol only appears on the central reel and takes up three positions on the reel. When that symbol appears completely on a spin, that is to say, when it takes up the entire central reel, it will provide entry to the Super 10 stars mini The Super 12 symbol only appears on the central reel and takes up three positions on the reel. When that symbol appears completely in a spin, in other words, when it occupies all of the central reel, entry into the “Lucky Stars” feature will be granted. After the Super 12 Stars symbol appears, it is converted into 3 stars which are held in place and you get 3 free spins. Each additional star will be held in place and the counter will restart at 3 free spins. It will finish when the spins run out or when all of the reels are filled with stars. Once the feature has finished, all the values of the starts will be added together. The stars with value „Minor‟ and „Major‟ are equivalent to the quantity of their respective Jackpots. If all of the reel positions contain a star the GRAND Jackpot will be given. Minor, Major and Grand Jackpots aren't progressive wins, they are normal wins whose amount doesn't change from a previous play by you or any other Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WHEEL FEATURE Three wheel symbols provide a spin on the The win obtained on the Wheel multiplies the value of the cost of the line that activated the FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols provide a free spins feature. The amount of free spins as well as multiplier for all of the wins during this feature is determined by the result of the previous mini During this feature, all of the wins obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini During this feature, three Bonus symbols give the same amount of additional spins obtained in the mini game that activated the current feature, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played with special reels, without a golden Scatter or Wheel The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the SUPER 10 STAR MINI GAME This feature will be activated when the complete Super 10 stars symbol appears on the central reel. Then, the central reel will spin, offering three different types of wins: Direct wins in the form of multipliers of the total cost of the Entry to the Frenzy Wheel mini game. In this mini game, the player must select a colour between Red and Green . Then, the Frenzy Wheel will spin until it stops on a box, and the multiplier obtained will be added to the total multiplier. If the colour of the box it stops at matches the colour selected by the player, an additional spin will be given. If the colour of the box does not match the colour selected, or a value of 100 has been surpassed on the total multiplier, the feature ends, and the player receives as a win an amount of coins equal to the total multiplier of the bet with which this mini game was accessed. A certain number of immediate free spins that are played with special reels, without a golden Scatter, Roulette or Bonus symbols, and at the same bet level as the spin that activated the mini BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. SUPER 12 STARS - SCREENSHOTS PAYTABLE Last modification date: 2/20/2025