Sands of Eternity 2 PAYTABLE Sands of Eternity 2 is a video slot with 7x6 symbols with 729 Bet Ways which can be expanded up to 117649 Bet Ways. The game features a Random Expansion feature, the Shift of Thoth feature, the Rays of Ra feature and Free Spins and Super Mode Bonus. The maximum win is 15000x bet. AVALANCHE All winning symbols as well as stone blocks directly adjacent (left, right, above or below) to winning symbols explode and disappear. Remaining symbols fall down, and new symbols fall in to fill the empty spaces creating new possibilities to win. Stone blocks have fixed positions and do not fall down if there are empty spaces below them. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning combinations appearRANDOM EXPANSION On any spin in the base game, the Random Expansion feature can be triggered. This will remove a random amount of non-special stone blocks opening up the reels to increase the Bet Ways. FREE SPINS BONUS When a Bonus symbol lands on the reels, it explodes removing neighbouring stone blocks and the Bonus symbol is added to the Bonussymbol collect meter. When 3 Bonus symbols are collected, the Free Spins feature is triggered and 8 Free Spins are awarded. In each Free Spins, additional special stone blocks are added to the reels on random stone block positions. RULES & INFORMATION The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.10% and maximum win is 15000x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 15000x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. The Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol on the reels except Bonus symbols and Stone Block symbols. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 18 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. Wins from interrupted game rounds may be forfeited if they are not claimed within a certain period. Please see operatorspecific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays