12 Super Hot Diamonds Extreme Go extreme with 12 Super Hot Diamonds Extreme!. The original 12 Super Hot Diamonds is hot, but now the Extreme version is blazing hot! With enhanced features and bigger prizes than before, it is non-stop extreme action from the very first spin. The 9 Collect Pots and thrilling Free Spins features are just some of the highlights that will have you spellbound. 12 Super Hot Diamonds Extreme! is a 5x3 slot with 30 paylines. Ignite your winning streak with the Free Spins, plus the Diamond Respins feature can pay up to 10,000x your bet. Keep spinning and winning, and 1 of the 9 super generous Collect Pots could be yours. Anytime you want to activate the bonus feature, simply select the Buy Bonus option for even more rewards! Want to go really extreme? Play 12 Super Hot Diamonds Extreme! now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 30 winning lines in 12 Super Hot Diamonds Extreme!. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 30 Paylines Number of Reels and Rows Base Game = 5x3 Free Spins = 5x3 Hot Diamonds Respins Feature = 4x3 Game Features 9 COLLECT POTS Each Diamond symbol that lands counts towards triggering a prize as per the Collect Pot Meter. The Collect Pot prizes are a multiplier of the total bet. BONUS FEATURE Choose the Free Spins or Hot Diamonds Respins feature when 3 Bonus symbols land anywhere on the reels. HOT DIAMONDS RESPINS FEATURE Win up to 10,000X in the Hot Diamonds Respins feature! FREE SPINS Free spins with collect pot prizes! BUY BONUS Activate the Bonus feature anytime during the base game with the "Buy Bonus" option. Choose an option to play and enjoy the unique options of the different features available. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Free Spins Feature 97.02% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Hot Diamonds Respins Feature 96.98% Return to Player 96.27% Hit Rate 25.49% Game Features BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins or Hot Diamonds Respins feature anytime during the base game. Selecting the “Buy Bonus” button opens a pop-up that shows the options and the amount to pay to activate a feature. The amount of credits to be paid is a multiplier of the current bet amount Pay 150x total bet to play the feature Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning Combinations are paid per Active line in Succession from the left most reel to right most reel Except Bonus and Diamond Symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 5/9/2023