The Prancing Pony GAME RULES The Prancing Pony Game Help Magic and mystery await you at the Prancing Pony tavern. This renowned watering hole is constantly filled with the jolly cheer and laughter of hobbits, dwarfs, wizards and fellowship. The Prancing Pony is where fables of past adventures are told and legends emerge of yet to be found golden treasures with limitless power. Prepare yourself for ‘precious’ rewards and fun-filled quests. Prancing Pony is a 5-reel, 6-row slot that is overflowing with special features and jackpots. To get you even closer to revealing a magical jackpot, Prancing Pony boasts a Jackpot Respins feature. When jackpot symbols appear, they remain in place and the reels spin an additional three times to try and land the five symbols needed to award the jackpot prize! Best of all, each time another jackpot symbol lands, three more Jackpot Respins occur. The fun keeps coming with the various Free Spins features that bring you more WINS! Play Prancing Pony and become the Lord of the Spins… General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Number of Reels and Rows 5x6 Return to Player 95.97% Game Features Coins & Collect – Land coin symbols, and a collect symbol on the last reel to receive the coin’s awards in the current spin. Jackpot Respins – Collect Jackpot symbols during the Jackpot Respins to climb the money ladder for big wins. Free Spins – Choose from 5 different options of FREE SPINS each with a unique number of spins and extras. Hit Rate 47.5% Game Features Coins & Collect On reels 1, 2, 3 & 4, one or more coin symbols can land. Each coin symbol has a prize value on it. If a Collect symbol also lands on reel 5 during the same spin, all coin symbol values are added up and the player is awarded the total amount of all coin symbol values. Free Spins When 3 or more Free Spins symbols land, it triggers the Free Spins feature and the player is awarded x1 their total bet amount. The player is then presented with 5 Free Spins options to choose from: 20 free spins 15 free spins with x2 wilds added to the reels 10 free spins with x3 wilds added to the reels 7 free spins with x3 wilds & extra coin symbols added to the reels 5 free spins with x3 wild, extra coin symbols & a collect symbol added to the reels During the Free Spins, if 3 or more Free Spins symbols land, it will add the same type of Free Spins again and at x1 the total bet. The Jackpot Respins and Coins & Collect features are available during the Free Spins as well. Jackpot Respins When 5 of the Jackpot symbols land anywhere on the reels in the same spin, the Jackpot Respins feature is triggered. Next to the reels is a money ladder with various levels that pay prizes and jackpots as the player progresses by landing more Jackpot symbols. During the feature, all the Jackpot symbols that were on the reels when the featured triggered, remain in place and 3 respins take place. The player starts the money ladder from the level corresponding to the number of Jackpot symbols that triggered the feature. If additional Jackpot symbols appear during the respins, they too become locked in place and the respin counter is reset for an additional 3 spins and are added to the ladder. The feature ends when all 3 respins have occurred consecutively without any additional Jackpot symbols landing during the spins or when the reels are covered with jackpot symbols. The Jackpots levels are reached when sum of the collected prize amounts reach the following multipliers: MINI JACKPOT = x10 multiplier of the bet amount MINOR JACKPOT = x20 multiplier of the bet amount MAJOR JACKPOT = x50 multiplier of the bet amount GRAND JACKPOT = x200 multiplier of the bet amount At the end of the Jackpot Respins feature, the player is awarded the sum of the collected prize amounts and jackpots corresponding to the level they reached on the money ladder. Example1: If a player finishes the feature with 27 Jackpot symbols on the reels, he we will win a total of a 180 multiplier of his total bet i.e. x10 for the MINI jackpot + x20 for the MINOR + x50 for the MAJOR + x100 for level 27. Example2: If a player finishes the bonus with 18 Jackpot symbols on the reels, he will win a total of a 26 multiplier of his total bet i.e. x10 for the MINI jackpot + x16 for level 18. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop or the Spin button on mobile. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Jackpot Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Jackpot Respins wins are calculated by multiplying the total bet amount by the Jackpot payout multiplier. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of spins at the current number of lines and bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/10/2024