Triple Blitz 7s GAME RULES Triple Blitz 7s Game Help Triple Blitz 7s bring triple the action and excitement! This classic 3x3 slot is anything but old-school thanks to its vibrant and thrilling features. Every spin has a chance of triggering Free Spins with upgrades or possibly awarding the Mini, Minor, Major or Grand jackpots! Watch out for the Bonus symbols that randomly trigger the 7 Free Spins Bonus. But there is much more as the triggering symbols determine the powerful upgrades for the feature that can include 1 or more of these: Free Spins Upgrade - Score 7 additional Free Spins, doubling your chances to win.Double Reels Upgrade - Play across 2 sets of reels simultaneously that amplify the action. Jackpot Upgrade - Take your wins to the next level with Jackpot and Prizes symbols included for a major burst of rewards and prizes! Keep reeling in more with the Wild 2x and Wild 5x, which boost your payouts by multiplying wins on any paylines they appear on. Can’t wait for the Bonus Feature to trigger? Use the Buy Bonus option to jump straight into the action and unleash the feature instantly. Play Triple Blitz 7s for 3x more fun! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Triple Blitz 7s has 5 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 5 Game Features FREE SPINS BONUS UPGRADE Free Spins Upgrade - 7 additional Free Spins are awarded for a total to 14 Free Spins. DOUBLE REELS BONUS UPGRADE Double Reel Upgrade - 7 Free Spins are played on 2 sets of reels instead of one. JACKPOT BONUS UPGRADE Jackpot Upgrade - 7 Free Spins with Jackpot and Jackpot prize symbols included. FREE SPINS BONUS UPGRADE + DOUBLE REELS BONUS UPGRADE Free Spins Upgrade + Double Reel Upgrade - 14 Free Spins are played on 2 sets of reels instead of one. FREE SPINS BONUS UPGRADE + JACKPOT BONUS UPGRADE Free Spins Upgrade + Jackpot Upgrade - 14 Free Spins are awarded + Jackpot Symbols and Jackpot prizes can be won during the Free Spins. DOUBLE REELS BONUS UPGRADE + JACKPOT BONUS UPGRADE Double Reel Upgrade + Jackpot Upgrade - 7 Free spins are awarded played on 2 screens + Jackpot symbols and Jackpot prizes can be won during the spins. FREE SPINS BONUS UPGRADE + DOUBLE REELS BONUS UPGRADE + JACKPOT BONUS UPGRADE Free Spins Upgrade + Double Reel Upgrade + Jackpot Upgrade - 14 Free Spins are played on 2 sets of reels instead of one, plus Jackpot Symbols and Jackpot prizes can be won during the Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY FREE SPINS 95.42% Return to Player 95.8% Hit Rate 32.76% Volatility BUY BONUS The Bonus feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 40x the current total bet. When buying the Bonus feature, one or more Bonus Symbols will be awarded which determines the corresponding Upgrade feature(s) that will be triggered. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Bonus Feature is played at the same bet amount as the round that activated it. Bonus Feature wins are added to any initial wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 9/4/2025