Madame Voodoo Madame Voodoo Game Help Ever wondered about black magic or Voodoo in particular? Madame Voodoo invites you to come to experience the power of her ancient craft, and you may just be in for some seriously rewarding prizes. Whether you’re a believer or not in the inexplicable, Madam Voodoo slot is non-stop magical entertainment and rewards from the very first play. Madame Voodoo is a 5x5 slot with up to 506,250 winning ways. Let the magical rewards come rolling in with the Tumbling Tiles, where symbols in a winning combo fall away and new symbols land for possibly even more wins. Watch out for the Voodoo Doll that may appear and throw Voodoo dolls randomly onto the reels that transform into the same symbol for more payouts. If a doll lands on the Magic Ball, it will expand to cover all adjacent positions and even split up to 6 times for more ways to WIN. Landing 3 or more Scatters activate up to 25 Free Games. Trigger the bonus anytime you like with the Buy Bonus option. Feel the magic of winning and play Madame Voodoo now! Game Information Game winning ways: There are up to 506,250 ways in Madame Voodoo. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 3,125 - 506,250 ways Game Features VOODOO DOLLS Voodoo Doll throws random transforming dolls onto the reels to reveal new symbols EXPANSION When Voodoo Doll symbols land on a Magic Ball, all adjacent positions become Voodoo Dolls. All Voodoo Doll symbols convert into a random symbol of the same type except Wild and Scatter, and may split up to 6 times in the same position. FREE GAMES When 3, 4, 5 or more Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 10, 15 or 25 Free Games respectively. When the Voodoo Doll activates during the Free Games, and the newly transformed symbols do not form any winning combination, they will transform back into Voodoo Dolls. The dolls then walk one row up per free game until they form a winning combination or disappear from the reels. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature - 10, 15 or 25 Free Games 96.23% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature (VIP) - 25 Free Games 96.94% Return to Player 96.07% Hit Rate 37.73% BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Games anytime during the base game. Pay 75x total bet to play 10, 15 or 25 Free Games. Pay 150x total bet to play 25 Free Games (VIP). Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Games are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Games. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen.