Hippie Days General Hippie Days is a groovy Match 3 game of matching tiles and good vibes for real cash prizes! The game features two types of free game bonuses and a totally radical super bonus feature. All wins are multiples of the bet. The theoretical payout of the game (RTP) is 95.07%. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Bonus features There are three types of bonus features. Rainbow Free Games, Harmony Free Games and the Flower Power Trip. All bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the game that triggered them. Rainbow Free Games Blasting seven or more of Summer's rainbow bonus tiles during normal gameplay within a single game awards you with seven Rainbow Free Games. During the Rainbow Free Games phase, blasting a cluster of tambourine tiles grants you two additional free games. There are no bonus tiles during these free games. Harmony Free Games Blasting seven or more of Eco's guitar bonus tiles during normal gameplay within a single game, awards you with five Harmony Free Games. All five Harmony Free Games are winning games. During any one of the Harmony Free Games, blasting a cluster under one of the multipliers will multiply that free game's win. There are no bonus tiles during these free games. Flower Power Trip Blasting seven or more of Summer's rainbow bonus tiles and seven or more of Eco's guitar bonus tiles during normal gameplay, and within a single game, will trigger the Flower Power Trip super bonus. Starting from the first wheel, every spin either awards a cash prize or advances the player to the next wheel for a chance to win higher prizes. Advancing between wheels grants the player an extra spin. The bonus ends once three prizes are awarded to the player. The bonus win is added to the win of the game that triggered the bonus. Disconnection policy Due to the game’s communication medium nature, the player may experience interruptions, delays, or a termination of gameplay. In the event of an unexpected interruption or termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Should a disconnection occur after a bet has been placed, but before the current game is complete, in your next game session you will be prompted to start the game you played before the interruption. Any malfunction in the game voids all payouts. Last modification date: 1/24/2023