Dragons of the North Megaways Dragons of the North Megaways™ Game Help Dragons of the North Megaways™ takes you back 1,500 years to a mystical world of fantasy and excitement, loaded with thrills, adventure and massive rewards. Four ferocious dragons have awoken, with the all-powerful fire dragon leading the assault in this truly epic Megaways™ Slot. Dragons of the North Megaways™ is a 117,649 Megaways™ fantasy adventure slot overflowing with excitement. Stay alert for the Golden Dragon Egg, which triggers winning features. For fearsome wins, above each reel, are random Cash prizes, Free Spins, Respins and symbol Destruction that trigger whenever the Golden Dragon Egg lands on the reels, during the Base game and Free Spins. Grab your armour and sword and prepare for the ultimate battle and incredible rewards in Dragons of the North Megaways™! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 117,649 ways to win in Dragons of the North Megaways™. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 117,649 Number of Reels and Rows 7x7x7x7x7x7 Game Features Cash Prizes Destruction Respins Free Spins Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature - Free Spins 96.51% Return to Player 96.28% Hit Rate 26.57% BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Pay 100x total bet to play 10 Free Spins Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. The Free Spins feature ends when no more Free Spins remain or upon reaching the maximum payout. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/14/2023