Heroic Heroes Heroic Heroes Game Help Celebrate the power of femininity with "Heroic Heroes", the slot game that honors the trailblazers of history and today! Unleash the vibrant spirit of Frida Kahlo's wild artistry, the regal might of Cleopatra's reign, the inspirational influence of Oprah Winfrey's wisdom, the steadfast leadership of Queen Elizabeth, and the courageous defiance of Marie Curie. The Free Spins Feature shows you opportunities to win big. Amplify your victories with the Win Boost Feature. Spin the reels and let the superpowers of these women propel you to magnificent wins! General Information There are 5 types of Wilds, Free Spins feature and Win Boost feature in Heroic Heroes game. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 The Best Strategy Return to Player 93.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 6 free spins 93.24% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 free spins 93.19% Feature Spin™ RTP 12 free spins 93.08% Feature Spin™ RTP 15 free spins 93.15% Buy Feature RTP 6 free spins 93.16% Buy Feature RTP 10 free spins 93.16% Buy Feature RTP 12 free spins 93.16% Buy Feature RTP 15 free spins 93.15% Game Features Wild feature Only one wild symbol is active during a base game spin. The active wild is chosen by the game once the Spin button is clicked to commence a spin. The active wild is displayed on the screen. When a wild symbol is in view the wild symbol completes the action of that wild, then wins are paid and the spin ends. The Active Wild can hold over to the next game round. The result of the active wild is saved for the particular stake. Hypnosis Wild: When Hypnosis wild symbol lands in view, it spreads either to the left or right replacing symbols with wild symbols. Time Wild: Time wilds are wild symbols that are stacked 4 symbol high. Explosive Wild: Explosive wilds are wilds that are 4 symbols high and 2 symbols wide. Laser Wild: when Laser wild lands in view, there PICK ME boxes appear. There are royal symbols behind the boxes. After revealing the royal symbol, the same royal symbols on the reels are converted into wild symbols. If no selection is made, a box will be randomly opened and corresponding action will occur. Duplicating Wild: when Duplicating wild symbol lands in view it appears around the reels converting symbols into wild. Free Spins When the mini reel spells S-P-I-N-S, then 15 Free Spins with all wild symbols active are awarded. On losing spins there is a 50/50 chance that the mini reel holds over to the next spin in the base game. The result of the mini reel is saved for the particular stake. No Free Spin scatters are available during Free Spins feature. Free spins cannot be re-triggered. If no selection is made, the Free Spins feature pop-up will time out and start the Free Spins feature. Win Boost The Win boost feature has 12 different sections. The Win boost feature is activated when a base game win occurs of x10 stake or above. When activated, the Start button is pressed or the Win Boost pop-up times out and start the Win Boost feature. Once the Win boost feature stops spinning it will land on either a multiplier or a number of Free Spins. If a multiplier is landed on, the player is awarded their original win multiplied by the multiplier amount. If the Free Spins are landed on, the player is given the choice of that amount of Free Spins or to collect the winnings that triggered the win boost feature. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made and collected. The best strategy is to take Free Spins when the win amount triggering the win boost feature is less than: x10.8 stake when offered 6 Free Spins x18.0 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x21.6 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x27.0 stake when offered 15 Free Spins Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger 6, 10, 12, 15 Free Spins. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. They are played using a single win line with the following awards: Select the number of the Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Wild feature, Free Spins and Win Boost. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 4/16/2024