All Rocked Up All Rocked Up Game Help Turn up the volume and feel the thrill of the stage in All Rocked Up — the ultimate rock concert slot! Keep your eyes on the Locking Frames Feature — golden frames light up the reels in the base game, and on the 10th spin, they explode into Wilds. During the Free Spins, any Wilds that land on the reels remain there until the end of the Free Spins. The Free Spins Feature delivers nonstop action, giving plenty of chances for exciting wins. Get ready to rock the reels, aim for glory, and let the wins roll in with All Rocked Up! General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.25% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 Free Spins 93.25% Buy Feature RTP 10 Free Spins 93.30% Increased Feature Mode RTP 93.25% RTP was calculated using math model on 10,000,000,000 rounds. Game Features LOCKING FRAMES FEATURE Base game spins are grouped in 10 spins. The spin number increases sequentially until it reaches spin 10. When the symbol lands with a gold frame, the frame remains locked on the reels for future spins. On the 10th spin all frames turn to Wild symbols, the winnings are evaluated and paid. After the 10th spin, the counter resets and all golden frames are cleared from the reels. The state of Locking Frames feature is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. Free Spins feature When 3 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 10 Free Spins. During the Free Spins feature, Wild symbols lock on the reels until the end of the feature. No Free Spins symbols are available during the Free Spins feature. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the "Start" button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. INCREASED FEATURE MODE Increased Feature mode doubles the stake and increases chances to win Free Spins feature. The paytable stays the same for base game but it doubles in Free Spins feature. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy feature/Increased Feature mode. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x44.20 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Increased Feature mode: x43.55 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x31.75 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x63.50 stake when offered 10 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Match 3 active Free Spins symbols on the reels to trigger Free Spins feature. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on the active win line only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to line wins. Last modification date: 3/17/2026