Joker Joker Take classic slot symbols like bars, cherries, 7s and more, throw in thrilling modern features, plus plenty of jokers and you get Joker Joker. This dynamic and entertaining slot will have you reeling for more as you spin your way to splendid wins. Joker Joker is a 3-row, 5-reel slot with 243 ways to win, that boasts vivid graphics and features to keep you entertained for hours. The Adjacent Reels feature occurs on every spin, where 2 adjacent reels sync together with identical symbols to put you on the path to winning combinations, plus additional reels can synchronize at random for up to 5 reels of matching symbols. Take a spin and take home a win with Joker Joker. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 Game Features Adjacent Reels - up to 5 reels can synchronise and match during each reel spin Return to Player 96.97% Hit Rate 30.86% Game Features Adjacent Reels Every spin begins with 2 adjacent reels that synchronise with identical matching symbols. While the reels are spinning, additional adjacent reels may synchronise and match, resulting in 3, 4 or even all 5 reels with the same matching symbols. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/21/2022