Sugar Burst GAME RULES SUGAR BURST is a slot machine with 6 reels and 6 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The symbols pay both ways. All combinations are paid on adjacent reels from leftmost to right and from rightmost to left. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. Symbols of the same kind as the winning symbols that are present during the same spin will also disappear. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If you land 3 or more BONUS symbols, you will be awarded 10 free spins respectively on a x1 multiplier level. During the free spins feature, all the Bonus symbols that appear will fill up the lollipop bar. This bar has 3 progress levels, with different multipliers. To advance to the first level, you must get 3 BONUS symbols. Upon reaching the first level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x2. To advance to the second level, you must get 3 BONUS symbols on the first level. Upon reaching the second level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x3. To advance to the third level, you must get 3 BONUS symbols on the second level. Upon reaching the third level, you will receive 5 additional spins and the multiplier will increase to x5. The multipliers will be applied to the wins. Bonus symbols do not appear on the third level. A multiplier candy will appear in a random position during each spin of the free spins feature. This candy will multiply the total win from the spin by x2, x3, or x5. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.3 % (Buy Free Spins 95.3 %). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games was 3559.3 times the bet, with an occurance probability of 1: 10000000000 . This maximum price contains all winnings due to an unique spin in the whole simulation. That includes all features, minigames or free spin stages triggered in that spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/15/2025