Golden Glimmer Enter a realm shimmering with gold and enchanted crystals, where every spin brings dazzling rewards with Golden Glimmer! The game is waiting for you with Cascading Pays, where winning symbols disappear, making way for new ones to drop in — creating chain reactions of wins! Experience the unique Golden Wild Feature — every 10th spin, golden frames appear, transforming ordinary symbols into wilds and unlocking massive payout potential. Plus, enjoy Free Spins & Feature Respin™ for even more chances to win! Spin the reels of Golden Glimmer and let fortune shine! General Information Golden Glimmer is a cascade game with Golden Wild feature, Free Spins feature and Feature Respin™. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines No paylines Number of Reels and Rows 6x5 Game Features GOLDEN WILD FEATURE Base game spins are grouped in 10 spins. The spin number increases sequentially until it reaches spin 10. During the 10 spins whenever a Golden Glimmer symbol lands on the reels it leaves a golden frame for future spins On the 10th spin all golden frames turn to Wild symbols, the winnings are evaluated and paid. After the 10th spin, the counter resets and all golden frames are cleared from the reels. The state of Golden Wild feature is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. FREE SPINS FEATURE When 3 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 10 Free Spins. During the Free Spins feature Wild symbols are locked on the reels until they form part of a win. Golden Wild feature is active in Free Spins. During Free Spins wild symbol performs a function of Golden glimmer symbol. Golden Glimmer symbol is not active in Free Spins. Wild symbols leave a golden frame and on the 10th free spin all golden frames are transformed to Wilds. No Free Spin symbols are available during the Free Spins feature. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the "Start" button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. FEATURE RESPIN™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x46.80 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x39.35 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x78.70 stake when offered 10 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Match 3 active Free Spins symbols on the reels to trigger Free Spins feature. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules All awards pay for 8 or more same symbols at any position on the reels. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. The highest win only paid per active winning symbol pay. Winnings of different symbols are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Feature wins are added to symbols pay. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Game functions of buttons The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. STAKE Click to change stake value. AUTO Click to open autoplay settings. STOP Click to stop autoplay. Buy Feature Click to open Buy Feature settings. Feature Spin™ Click to open Feature Spin™ mode. Last modification date: 9/9/2025