Chicken Burst GAME RULES Chicken Burst Game Help Looking for a burst of fun and prizes? Want to escape the city for a rewarding time? Then, come on down to the homestead and enjoy the fresh air and delicious farm-fresh food. Be sure to hang out with the chickens as they’ve got hearty rewards for you that will have you shaking your tail feathers with joy! Chicken Burst is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with 40 paylines and an egg’cellent Bonus feature. As you spin, the Chickens above the reels collect their respective colour Chicken Coins. Plus, when Chicken Coins appear on the reels during the base game, there is a chance that the LOCK N SPIN bonus feature will be triggered. Rise and shine and get ready for even more winning fun, because based on the combination of Chickens that triggered the feature, determines the starting coins for the feature. Then watch your nest egg grow as respins take place to bring more prizes, multipliers and possibly the Grand prize. Activate the Bonus anytime you like with the Buy Bonus option. Play Chicken Burst now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Chicken Burst has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features LOCK N SPIN BONUS The Chickens above the reels collect their respective colour Chicken Coins. Whenever one or more Chicken Coins appear on the reels during the base game, there is a chance that the LOCK N SPIN bonus feature will be triggered. The individual or combination of Chickens that activated the Bonus, determines the starting coins and coins during the feature. The bonus starts with 5 Bonus Coins and the bursted Chicken Coin. Only Bonus Coins, Prize Coins (except GRAND) and respective bursted Chicken Coins can appear during the feature. Possible values for Bonus Coins are : 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x or 2.5x current total bet. Each Blue Chicken Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates Cashier which awards a random value or Prize Coins value (except GRAND). Possible values are 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 75x or 250x current total bet. Each Red Chicken Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates Multiplier which multiplies all other coins by 2x and turns into a random value.Possible values are 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x or 2.5x current total bet. Each Green Chicken Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates Collector which collects the values from all other coins (except Prize Coins). The bonus starts with 3 respins. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new coin resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain or the reels are full. The GRAND PRIZE is awarded when all 15 positions are filled. BUY BONUS The Bonus feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 70x the current total bet. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY BONUS 96.06% Return to Player 96.1% Hit Rate 40.16% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 10,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 4/2/2025