Incan Treasures GAME RULES Incan Treasures Game Help Explorers and treasure hunters have been searching for centuries to discover the legendary Incan gold. Now is your time to explore an Incan temple, where riches and rewards beyond your wildest dreams are ready to be found. Incan Treasures is a 5x3, 20-payline slot with endless adventure and thrilling features. Grow your Gold Coin collection and enjoy multiplier prizes each time 3+ Gold Coins appear. Landing 3+ Scatters opens a world of winning fun with up to 12 Free Spins. During the Free Spins, 3+ Gold Coins activate the Rising Multipliers that increase with every win and can grow up to 2,000x. Want to get to the big winning action faster? Hit the “Buy Free Spins” button during the base game to trigger the Free Spins instantly. Feel the ecstasy of uncovering hidden treasures and play Incan Treasures now! Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Game Information Game Winning Lines: Incan Treasures has 20 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features GOLD COIN COLLECTION When 3+ Gold Coin symbols land, it awards the corresponding multiplier prize. During base game, the multiplier values are fixed. FREE SPINS When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8, 10 or 12 Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award +2, +3, +4 additional Free Spins respectively. Rising Multipliers feature is active during Free Spins only. During Free Spins, 3+ Gold Coin symbols award the corresponding multiplier prize. Each Gold Coin symbol and the corresponding prize multiplier increases and all higher levels rise too. This rise continues for each set of 3+ Gold Coin symbols that land during the Free Spins. The maximum Gold Coin Collection prize is 2,000x the current total bet amount. BUY FREE SPINS The Free Spins feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 100x the current total bet. BOOST FEATURE By activating the Boost feature, the original bet is increased by 30% and more symbols are added to the reels to boost the chances of triggering the Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) - Boost Feature 96.02% Return to Player (RTP) - BUY FREE SPINS 96.05% Return to Player 96.02% Hit Rate 27.82% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 10000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Activating boost feature doesn't impact Max Exposure of the game as payouts are calculated on the base bet. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows:(Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 8/14/2024