Fire derby Fire Derby Game Help Saddle up for blazing wins in Fire Derby — where fire horses race to deliver scorching rewards! The thrill of the track comes alive with the Derby Feature. Nine horses run alongside the reels, every time you hit a winning line with a specific horse, it charges forward along the track. The closer to the finish, the hotter the excitement — and when a horse crosses the finish line, its unique multiplier ignites your winnings! The race is on, the heat is rising — spin the reels of Fire Derby and let your champion horse carry you to victory! General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.19% RTP was calculated using math model on 10,000,000,000 rounds. Game Features DERBY FEATURE Derby feature is triggered each time a win line occurs and the corresponding horse moves forward on the racetrack. Each horse has a multiplier attached and as the spins progress horses move towards the finish line. If multiple winning lines with the same horse occur in a single spin, the horse advances only once for that spin. When a horse crosses the finish line, the attached multiplier is awarded and is applied to the current stake. The player must accumulate 10 winning lines for the same horse in order for that horse to reach the finish line. Once the race finishes, the horses reset to the starting line. Possible multipliers are: x100, x88, x75, x60, x50, x40, x25, x20, x8. The state of the reels and racetracks is saved for each stake and is not carried over to other stakes. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $67,500.00. Malfunction voids all pays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a winning line to create a winning combination. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Feature triggered from the base game is played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Feature wins are added to line wins. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/17/2026