La Mafia Heist La Mafia Heist Game Help Are you up for the heist of a lifetime? Join the mafia crew to empty the bank’s gold reserve and get away before the law arrives. You better be at the top of your game because the Big Boss has got his eye on you. This is your opportunity to shine and climb the ranks! La Mafia Heist is a fast-paced, 5x3 action slot that will get your adrenalin pumping with every spin. Blast off your winnings with the Big Block Mafia symbol that can randomly transform a symbol in the middle of the reels into a Big Block 3x3 symbol. Landing 3 or more Scatters, activate the Vault Free Spins with Big Block symbols. Bag some serious loot when a Gold Bullion symbol appears as a Big Block Mafia Symbol to trigger the Gold Reserve feature that can pay up to 1,000x. Want a quicker getaway? Activate the Vault Free Spins or Gold Reserve feature anytime during the base game with the 'BUY BONUS' option. This job pays big… really BIG! Play La Mafia Heist now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: La Mafia Heist has 40 winning lines. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5X3 Game Features BIG BLOCK MAFIA SYMBOL Randomly, when any of the paying symbols lands on the center position of Reel 3, it transforms into 3x3 Big Block Mafia Symbol on reels 2, 3, and 4. VAULT FREE SPINS When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8, 12 or 15 Free Spins respectively. 10 Free Spins are awarded when the feature is triggered with the 'BUY BONUS' option During the Vault Free Spins, reels 2, 3 and 4 combine and spin as 1 giant reel with Big Block symbols on it. All the symbols, except the Wild, can be Big Block symbols during the feature. The Wild is only available as a Big Block Mafia symbol only when the feature is triggered with the 'Buy Bonus' option An additional 3 Free Spins are awarded during the Vault Free Spins feature when the Scatter symbol appears as a Big Block Mafia symbol. Gold Reserve feature is awarded when the Gold Bullion symbol appears as a Big Block Mafia Symbol. COLLECT POTS There are three levels of Collect Pots that can be won only during the Gold Reserve Feature. The Collect Pots values are calculated as follows: MINOR - 250x Total bet MAJOR - 500x Total bet MEGA - 1000x Total bet GOLD RESERVE FEATURE When 6 or more Gold Bullion symbols appear anywhere on the reels it awards the Gold Reserve feature. The Gold Bullion symbols have credit prizes on them that are a multiplier value of 0.8x to 100x the total bet, or a Collect Pot prize. The symbols that triggered the feature hold their positions and if there are any open positions without Gold Bullion symbols on them, 3 respins take place with the possibility of more Gold Bullion symbols filling the empty positions. When a new Gold Bullion symbol appears on the reels, the respins counter resets to 3. The feature ends when all 15 reel positions are filled with Gold Bullion symbols or no more respins remain. Return to Player 94.15% Hit Rate 31.69% Game Features BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Activate the Vault Free Spins or Gold Reserve feature anytime during the base game with the 'BUY BONUS' option. Pay 150x total bet to play 10 Vault Free Spins Pay 150x total bet to play Gold Reserve feature Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen Last modification date: 3/19/2024