Treasures of the Count Treasures of The Count Game Help The Count is throwing a Halloween party at his chateau, and you’re invited as the guest of honour. All the vampires and supernatural creatures of the night will be there. This is your opportunity to experience an authentic Halloween with loads of spine-tingling thrills, treats and rewards. Treasures of The Count is a 5x4, 40-payline, Halloween-inspired slot. Start reeling in the winnings when the Cash and Collector symbols land together and trigger the Cash Collect feature. Plus, the Cash symbols get added to the Collect meter, and when it is full, the Count's Treasure feature begins with more cash prizes and Collect Pot awards. Enjoy mystical wins when 3+ Scatters land and initiate Count Respins. The Scatters transform into cash prizes and hold their positions as 3 respins take place to bring more prizes. Achieve 4 Cash symbols in a column, and the prizes get added together and multiplied by the reel multiplier. You could possibly even land the Grand prize of a massive 2,500x. The Count Respins can be triggered anytime with the buy bonus option. Play Treasures of The Count now and sink your teeth into some juicy WINS! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Treasures of The Count has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Game Features Cash Collect When the Cash and Collector symbols land together, all prizes on Cash symbols are collected by Count collector symbols. Collector Symbols can only land on the 5th reel. Cash symbols can land anywhere on the reels, except the 5th reel. There can be at most 2 Collector symbols on the reels at the same time. When there are 2 Collector symbols together with Cash symbols at the same time, the prizes on the Cash symbols are collected separately by each Collector symbol. Prizes on Cash symbols are multipliers of the total current bet. Collect Meter Feature During the base game, Cash symbols get added to the Collect meter. Each Cash symbol increments the meter by +1. Cash symbols cannot be added to the Collect meter if there is any Collector symbol on the reels at the same time. Collect Meter is reset when the bet is changed. Returning to a previous bet amount will restore the Collect Meter linked to that bet amount. Count's Treasure Once the Collect meter is full, the Count's Treasure feature is triggered. Any of the Collect Pot or Cash prizes can be awarded randomly. All possible prizes are the multipliers of the total current bet. The Collect Pot prizes are as follows: Mini Collect Pots = 20x total bet Minor Collect Pots = 50x total bet Major Collect Pots = 150x total bet Grand Collect Pots = 2,500x total bet Count Respins Landing 3+ Scatter symbols during the base game triggers Count Respins. The Scatters transform into a random amount of cash prizes and hold their positions as 3 respins take place. Landed Collect Pot and Cash symbols remain sticky during Respins. Only one Collect Pot of each tier can land during the feature. At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together with any possible Collect Pot symbol and are awarded. If any column is filled by 4 symbols, at the end of the Respins they are added together and multiplied by the corresponding reel prize multiplier. Count Respins end when no more Respins remain or all reel positions are covered by Cash or Collect Pot symbols. BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Costs 40x the total current bet. When the Buy Bonus is purchased, it can award 3, 4 or 5 Scatters randomly. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together with any possible Collect Pot symbol and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/7/2024