Thor's Hammer Strike Thor's Hammer Strike Game Help Travel into the not-too-distant future, where Thor, the god of the sky and thunder is waiting for your arrival. As you set the reels in motion, you will feel the power of Thor’s Hammer in what promises to be one of the most electrifying slot-playing experiences of your life. Best of all, Thor will reward you generously with mega prizes. Thor's Hammer Strike is 5x3, 50-winning lines slot with out-of-this-world rewards. Start your winning streak with Thor’s Respins that activate when 6 Thor bonus symbols land, and then all Thor symbols hold their positions for more thunderous wins. Plus, adjacent Thor symbols merge to form Mega Bonus symbols for payouts up to 750x and a chance to win Mega Bonus prizes. Watch out for 3 or more Scatter symbols that can award up to 15 Free Spins with the middle reel filled with Scatters and Wilds. Strike it big and play Thor’s Hammer Strike now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Thor's Hammer Strike has 50 winning lines. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines Thor's Hammer Strike has 50 winning lines. Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features THOR'S RESPINS FEATURE FREE SPINS Return to Player 94.06% Hit Rate 33.5% Game Features THOR'S RESPINS FEATURE 6 Bonus (Thor) symbols trigger Thor's Respins and award 6 respins, plus 1 extra respin for each additional bonus symbol. During the feature, the triggering Thor symbols remain locked in their positions. Any new Thor symbols that land, also become locked in their positions until the feature ends. When no more respins remain or all reel positions are Thor symbols, the prizes displayed on all of the Thor symbols are awarded. Adjacent Thor symbols merge to form mega bonus symbols and payouts are awarded according to the Mega Bonus paytable. Only Thor symbols are paid during the feature. FREE SPINS When 3,4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8,12 or 15 Free Spins respectively. Only Wild and Scatter symbols appear on reel 3 during the Free Spins feature. Thor's Respins feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. The Free Spins feature can be retriggered. When the Free Spins feature ends, a banner will display the total Free Spins winnings. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/21/2024