The Funky Boombox The Funky Boombox Game Help Grab your boombox or Walkman, pop in your favourite mixtape, and take a trip down memory lane to the 1980s. Enjoy the funky grooves of this legendary era, and show off your arcade gaming skills. Then, put on your loudest, brightest togs and get ready to party the night away as you spin the reels. The Funky Boombox is a 5x3 slot that is pure nostalgic fun with every spin. Get your winning groove on with the Boombox Collect Pots and the Funky Wheel Bonus features that deliver cash prizes, and big Collect Pot prizes with multipliers. Take your 80s-winning fun to the next level with the Free Spins, which kicks off with a Pick and Match feature that awards the number of spins and multipliers. The winners’ party is just getting started… Join the fun and play The Funky Boombox now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: The Funky Boombox has 30 winning lines. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 30 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features BOOMBOX COLLECT POTS FUNKY WHEEL BONUS FREE SPINS Return to Player 94.24% Hit Rate 50.11% Game Features BOOMBOX COLLECT POTS When 5 or more Funky Boombox symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards the respective progressive Collect Pot. There are five levels of Collect Pots that can be won. The progressive Collect Pots values are calculated as follows: (Total bet X Collect Pot payout multiplier) + accumulated progressive amount. 9 Funky Boombox symbols pay 1000 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 8 Funky Boombox symbols pay 650 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 7 Funky Boombox symbols pay 100 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 6 Funky Boombox symbols pay 50 X Total bet + Progressive amount. 5 Funky Boombox symbols pay 10 X Total bet + Progressive amount. *Progressive amount – see the “Payout rules in Features” section below. FUNKY WHEEL BONUS When 3 Funky Wheel Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5, it triggers the Funky Wheel Bonus feature and a spin is awarded on the Bonus Wheel. If the wheel stops on the Boombox Collect Pot symbol, the respective Collect Pot is awarded and Funky Wheel Bonus feature ends. If the wheel stops on a credit value, the Bonus Multiplier reel will then spin and award a multiplier which multiplies the credit value won and the feature then ends. FREE SPINS When 3 Free Spin symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4; it triggers the Free Spins feature. Afterwards, the Pick and Match feature is activated to determine the number of Free Spins and the Multiplier. In Pick and Match feature, select from the grid of 20 tiles until three matching Free Spins options are revealed. If a Wild tile is revealed, it will count as 1 match towards the 3 needed. There are 6 possible Free Spins options. If more than 1 Free Spins option is possible due to the presence of a Wild tile, the highest number of Free Spins will be awarded. In addition, the Wild tile awards +5 Free Spins. Free Spins begin with the awarded prizes after the Pick and Match feature. If a retrigger of the Free Spins occurs during the Free Spins feature, the same number of Free Spins are awarded at the initial Free Spins round. The Funky Wheel Bonus is not available during Free Spins. Free Spins Options 20 Free Spins with 3X Multiplier 15 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 11 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 10 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 7 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 5 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier During the Free Spins, Collect Pots are calculated as follows: Total bet X Collect Pot payout multiplier X Free Spins Multiplier The progressive amount is not included during the Free Spins. 9 Funky Boombox symbols pay 1000 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 8 Funky Boombox symbols pay 650 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 7 Funky Boombox symbols pay 100 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 6 Funky Boombox symbols pay 50 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier 5 Funky Boombox symbols pay 10 X Total Bet X Free Spins Multiplier Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. How the progressive amounts are calculated: Each progressive Collect Pot increases incrementally every time a bet is placed. The increment is added to the base progressive Collect Pot amount, which is a fixed multiplier of the total bet. When a Collect Pot is won, the progressive Collect Pot resets back to the base amount. Funky Boombox Symbols Progressive Increment % 9 0.05% 8 0.10% 7 0.15% 6 0.30% 5 0.40% Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/30/2024