3 Lucky Maneki Hold N Spin 3 Lucky Maneki Hold N Spin unlocks the fortune of the lucky cats in this vibrant and exciting slot. With a unique 3,4,3 reel layout, this game blends charming Japanese Maneki with thrilling modern features for plenty of good luck and fortune! As you spin, the lucky cats above the reels collect coins and grow in size and power! Every spin has the potential to randomly trigger the Hold n Spin bonus, where special Bonus, Jackpot and Maneki Coins can unleash their colorful powers to bring unique boosts. Once Hold N Spin triggers, the coins become sticky, the Maneki coins reveal prize boosts, and 3 initial respins begin. When new Bonus or Jackpot Coins land, it resets the respins to keep reeling in more prizes! Green Maneki Coins boost prize values up to 15x, Blue Maneki Coins apply multipliers up to 5x to any coin that lands in their spot, and the coveted Gold Maneki Coins can unlock MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA jackpot prizes! Plus, the Maneki Blessing triggers between respins, randomly dropping extra Maneki Coins to supercharge your chances. Play 3 Lucky Maneki Hold N Spin now! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 36 ways to win in 3 Lucky Maneki Hold N Spin. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 36 Number of Reels and Rows 3x4x3 Game Features HOLD N SPIN The Maneki above the reels collect their respective colour Maneki Coins and may also increase the size of the Maneki. Whenever one or more Maneki Coins appear on the reels during the base game, the HOLD N SPIN bonus feature may trigger randomly. The Maneki Coin or combination of coins that triggers the bonus will activate the respective color Maneki during the feature. The bonus starts with the triggering Maneki Coins on the reels. Only Bonus Coins appears during the respins. Jackpot Coin appears during the respins if the Gold Maneki activated the bonus. The bonus starts with 3 respins. Bonus Coins and Jackpot Coins remain sticky during respins. Each new Bonus Coin or Jackpot Coin resets the number of respins to 3. MANEKI BLESSING At random, between Hold N Spin respins, the Maneki Blessing feature may trigger. During the Maneki Blessing feature, the activated Maneki may drop Maneki Coins in random positions. HOLD N SPIN PRIZE BOOSTS Maneki Coins turn into prize boosts during Hold N Spin. Each Green Maneki Coin that appears during the feature boosts the value of a coin which lands on that position. Possible boost values for bonus coins are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x or 15x current total bet. Possible boost values for Jackpot coins are MINOR, MAJOR, MEGA or GRAND. Each Blue Maneki Coin that appears during the feature multiplies the coin's value which lands on that position. Possible Multiplier values are 2x, 3x or 5x. Each Gold Maneki Coin that appears during the feature, only Jackpot Coins may land on that position. Possible Jackpot Coins are MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA. Boosts remain on their reel position and are applied to any Bonus Coin or Jackpot Coin in that spot at the end of the feature. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain or the reels are full. Return to Player 94.07% Hit Rate 29.19% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 5000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the respins, prizes on the coins are added together and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 11/4/2025