Fisherman's Bounty: Big Game Fishing GAME RULES Pack your fishing gear, we're going to land a BIG ONE! Fisherman's Bounty: Big Game Fishing takes you on an angling adventure like never before. Spin the reels, enjoy thrilling bonuses, hook dazzling prizes, and catch rewards beneath the waves. Fisherman's Bounty: Big Game Fishing is a 5x3 slot with 10 paylines and endless fun. Cast your line and start reeling in Fish with values on them up to 50x that are awarded whenever the Collector symbol appears on reel 5. Look out for the Multi symbols, because they can increase the multipliers for even bigger wins! Begin reeling in a massive catch with the Bonus feature that triggers when 3 Scatters land. During the Base Game, when 2 Scatters are awarded but not the third, the Power Meter may trigger and award a third Scatter to activate the feature. Then, hold on tight for 10 Free Spins with multiple levels. Every time you level up, it unlocks additional boosts. Reach level 5 to unleash the spectacular and generous Golden Fish! Are you ready to land the catch of a lifetime? Play Fisherman's Bounty: Big Game Fishing now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Fisherman's Bounty: Big Game Fishing has 10 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Number of Paylines 10 Game Features BONUS FEATURE WITH LEVEL UPGRADES 3 Scatter symbols award the Bonus Feature. After a spin in which 2 Scatter symbols have been awarded, a 3rd Scatter Symbol that triggers the Bonus Feature may randomly be awarded The Bonus feature starts on Level 1, and each level up adds a special boost that will be applied to the current set of 10 Free spins. Each Scatter symbol that lands adds progress towards the next Level. To progress to the next level 4 Scatter symbols are needed. The current 10 Free Spins are completed before moving to a higher level. Each level up activates special boosts as follows: Level 2 - More Fish symbols are added to the reels for a higher chance of wins. Level 3 - Collector symbols are added to the first reel to increase the chances for collection. Level 2 upgrade still applies. Level 4 - An additional set of reels is added for double the excitement and potential wins. Level 2 & 3 upgrades still apply. Collector payouts are separate for each reel set on which the Collector symbol lands. Level 5 - A separate spin feature triggers with 3 spins. The accumulated winnings from the Bonus feature are stored in a Golden Fish symbol. Each time a Golden Fish appears during a spin, the accumulated value is awarded. During the Base Game, when 2 Scatters are awarded but not the third to activate the feature, the Power Meter may trigger and award a third Scatter to activate the feature. After a Feature has been triggered with the Power Meter, once the player returns to the base game, a free progress upgrade could be awarded for the Power Meter Return to Player 94.05% Hit Rate 26.18% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/7/2026