Coins and Cannons MULTIPLIER CANNON The Multiplier Cannon symbol holds a random multiplier value of x2, x3, x5, x7, x10, x20, x50, or x100. When there is a round win and a Multiplier Cannon symbol lands, it stays on the grid and activates once there are no more winning combinations. When there are no more winning combinations, the values of all Multiplier Cannon symbols on the grid are added together, and the total win of the round is multiplied by the final value. PAYTABLE Coins and Cannons is an Avalanche Cluster Pays video slot with a 6x6 symbol grid. The game features Coin Cluster®, Free Spins Bonus and Super Free Spins Bonus. Wins are triggered by 5 or more symbols in a cluster formation, and the maximum win is 15000x the Bet! AVALANCHE All symbols that are part of a win, along with all non-winning symbols of the same type as the winning symbols explode, leaving space for additional symbol drops. On a win, one Wild symbol is generated in one of the empty spaces before additional symbols drop in. The Avalanche feature continues as long as new winning symbol combinations appear. Each Avalanche win is added to the total win of the game round. RULES & INFORMATION The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.08% and maximum win is 15000x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 15000x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. Coin Cluster® wins do not generate a Wild symbol. A Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbols and Super Bonus symbols. A Wild symbol can substitute for all adjacent clusters. When a Wild symbol substitutes for a Coin symbol, it has a Ox bet multiplier. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 22 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 12/31/2024