Spirit of Mustang West Express GAME RULES The mustangs are running wilder, faster, and more powerful than ever! Ride into the untamed frontier with the thundering herd, where the open plains call once more and massive rewards await. Saddle up for another thrilling adventure with Spirit of Mustang West Express. Hang onto the reins, keep the pace, and gallop your way to Wild West payouts! Spirit of Mustang West Express is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that sparks the adventure when Wagon Coins appear during the base game. These are collected by the respective coloured Money Bag and transform into Cash Coins or Prize Coins, with multipliers up to 8x, or maybe even the Mini, Minor, or Major prize. When a Collect symbol lands alongside a coin on the reels, the coin’s value is instantly collected and awarded. All it takes is 3 Bonus symbols to trigger the Super Hold & Spin feature, which kicks off with 3 respins. With only sticky Cash Coins or Wagon Coins on the reels, and the possibility of multiple Wagon Coins landing on the same spot, fortunes are waiting to be won! The action heats up even more with the West Express Bonus, where wagons loaded with Cash Coins, Prize Coins, and Multiplier Coins appear, leaving you shouting, “Yeehaw!” It’s time to ride... Play Spirit of Mustang West Express! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Spirit of Mustang West Express has 25 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type - Video Slot Number of Paylines - 25Number of Reels and Rows - 5x3 Game Features COIN COLLECT During the base game, when a Collect symbol lands with a coin on the reels, the values on the coin is collected and awarded. Collect symbol appears only on reel 5 during the base game. SUPER HOLD N SPIN During the base game, 3 Bonus symbols on the reels trigger the Super Hold N Spin feature. The feature starts with 3 respins. Only Cash Coins or Wagon Coins can appear during the respins. Coins remain sticky during respins. Each new Coin resets the number of respins to 3. The feature ends when no more respins remain or the reels are full. The GRAND Jackpot is awarded when all 15 positions are filled. For each spot of the Wagon Coin, respective Wagon feature is played as per the landed Wagon Coins. Another, different Wagon Coin can land on the spot where a Wagon Coin has already landed. If 2 or 3 Wagon Coins are present on the same spot, a combination of the features is played during the West Express bonus. Award collected in West Express Bonus is collected in the position of respective Wagon Coin. Value of each position is collected and awarded. When the West Express Bonus is triggered from the Super Hold N Spin feature, wagons with Bonus symbols will not be present. The Super Hold N Spin feature is also triggered when 3 Bonus symbols are collected during the West Express Bonus. The Super Hold N Spin feature is also triggered when the top bar above the reels is completely filled. WEST EXPRESS BONUS During the base game, whenever one or more Wagon Coins appear on the reels, there is a chance that the West Express Bonus may trigger with Wagon Features. The Bonus begins with wagons pulled by a horse and wagons appear with coins. The money bags above the reels collect their respective coloured Wagon Coins. The combination of the Wagon Coins that triggers the bonus determines the Wagon Features awards during the bonus. Depending on the Wagon feature awarded, during the bonus, the wagons will appear with Cash Coins, Prize Coins or Multiplier Coins, which are collected and awarded. Jackpot Feature Each wagon appears with a Cash Coin or Prize Coin (except Grand). Double Feature Each wagon appears with double coins. Multiplier Feature Each wagon appears with a Cash Coin or Multiplier Coin. Possible multiplier values on a Multiplier Coin are 2x, 3x or 5x. Wagons with Bonus symbol may also appear during West Express. Collecting 3 Bonus symbols will award the Super Hold N Spin feature. FREE SUPER HOLD N SPIN UPGRADE The top bar above the reels may increase to a better visual level : when 2 Bonus symbols land on reels 2 and 3 only during the base game or when only 2 Bonus symbols are collected from West Express Bonus Super Hold N Spin feature and West Express bonus cannot be triggered together from the base game. Return to Player - 93.99% Hit Rate - 33.67% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of respins, values on all the coins are added together and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/17/2026