243 Top Multiplier 243 Top Multiplier Game Help Get ready to strike gold with 243 Top Multiplier — where golden pigs, glittering bars, and thrilling choices await! Test your luck with the Top Multiplier Feature. You’ll be offered 10 dazzling multiplier values — take the prize or wait for a bigger one! You can choose up to 3 times, and on the fourth try, your fate is sealed with an automatic payout. Want even better odds? Activate the Increased Feature Chance Mode to boost your chances of triggering the Top Multiplier for even more golden glory! Spin the reels of 243 Top Multiplier and chase the ultimate golden win! General Information 243 Top Multiplier is 5x3 game with 243 winning ways, Top Multiplier feature and Increased Feature Chance mode. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5х3 Return to Player 93.19% Increased Feature Chance Mode RTP 93.19% RTP was calculated using math model on 10,000,000,000 rounds. Game Features Top Multiplier Feature Top Multiplier feature is triggered randomly when the Piggy Banker symbol lands on the reels. It’s possible to choose ‘Take Offer’ or ‘Try Again’. If ‘Try Again’ is pressed then another offer is given. If ‘Take Offer’ is pressed then the offered winnings are collected and the feature finishes. 4 offers is a maximum in the feature. Winnings are collected on the last offer. x500 stake is a maximum offered winnings. If x500 stake is offered then the winnings are collected and the feature finishes no matter how many offers are left. The best strategy is to take winnings when the offer is more than: -For base game: x30.02 stake on the first offer; x25.74 stake on the second offer; x20.01 stake on the third offer. -For Increased Feature Chance mode: x30.02 stake on the first offer; x25.74 stake on the second offer; x20.01 stake on the third offer. If no selection is made, the best strategy will be selected automatically after timeout. The pigs increase in size each time the piggy banker symbol lands on the reels. However, Top Multiplier feature is not triggered when the pigs reach their maximum size, and the award doesn’t depend on the pigs’ size. The pigs’ size resets when the feature finishes. INCREASED FEATURE CHANCE MODE Increased Feature Chance mode doubles the stake and increases chances to win Top Multiplier feature. The paytable stays the same. To see the payouts, open Paytable on the current stake. GAMBLE Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the Gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the Gamble feature. You can Gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the Gamble feature. The Gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The Gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each Gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different ways are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to way wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Top Multiplier feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 1/20/2026