Santa Bonanza SANTA BONANZA Game Help A miracle is about to happen… For the first time, Santa will let a select few outsiders come and experience his winter wonderland village. And guess what? You’re going! You will get to meet all the elves and reindeer, explore Santa’s workshop, pick out some gifts for yourself, and… you might just get to go with Santa to deliver presents. Santa Bonanza is a 5x3 slot with 25 paylines and magical features. Your winning adventure begins with Random Wilds with multipliers in the base game. The action really takes flight when 3 Scatter symbols land to trigger the Pick and Click Bonus Game and 7 Free Spins. Then, pick gifts to reveal extra Free Spins and Wild Multipliers for a bonanza of wins! Use the Boost feature to increase the odds of triggering the Free Spins. The Buy Bonus option lets you instantly activate the Pick and Click Bonus Game and 7 Free Spins to begin. Play Santa Bonanza now and remember to buckle up, it's going to be a thrilling ride! Game Information Game Winning Lines: SANTA BONANZA has 25 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Random Wilds During the base game, Random Wilds can land anywhere with different multipliers except on the first reel. During the base game, Random Wilds can have up to 5x multiplier. Random Wilds multipliers apply only to the payline on which they are part of. If there are several Random Wilds multipliers on a payline, their multiplier values are added together for that payline. Pick and Click 3 Scatter symbols trigger Pick and Click bonus game with 7 Free Spins to begin. Pick and Click offers up to 8 prizes Picking +1 symbol awards +1 additional Free Spins. 1x Symbol increases the Wild Multiplier by +1. Total multiplier will be the sum of all Wild symbol multipliers collected during Free Spins. When the Bye-Bye Santa symbol is picked, the Bonus feature ends and the Free Spins start with the awarded bonuses. Free Spins Landing 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1,3 & 5 first trigger the Pick and Click bonus game and awards 7 Free Spins to begin. Free Spins begin with the awarded prizes after the Pick and Click Bonus game ends. During Free Spins, Random Wilds can have up to 8x multiplier. All the Wilds during the Free Spins land with the awarded multiplier from the Pick and Click Bonus Game. Boost Feature By activating the Boost feature, the original bet is increased by 20% and more Scatter symbols are added to the reels to boost the chances of triggering the Free Spins. When the Boost feature is enabled, the Buy Bonus option is disabled. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus Feature - Free Spins 96.04% Return to Player (RTP) - Boost Feature 96.01% Return to Player 96.02% Hit Rate 21.27% BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 5000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Activating boost feature doesn't impact Max Exposure of the game as payouts are calculated on the base bet. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 11/26/2024