Mystery Fox Take an exhilarating trip with Mr Fox to Las Vegas where he loves the game shows and lives it up like a high roller. Mr Fox loves playing big and winning big, especially when the casinos adorn him with gifts, limousines, champagne and golden rewards. From the mesmerizing bright lights and the glamourous Foxette at the Fox Show, this is one trip to “Sin City” you will never forget. Mystery Fox is a 5-reel, 4-row slot with dazzling graphics and features. Collecting four “Heart of Vegas” symbols on a reel transforms the entire reel into a Full Wild Reel for four consecutive spins. Keep your eyes peeled for Foxette as she is double wild for even more payouts. Landing 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, triggers the Free Spins feature, with up to 75 Free Spins with 1, 2 or 3 Full Wild Reels. Pack your bags, Las Vegas is calling you! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 60 winning lines in Mystery Fox. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 60 Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Full Wild Reel feature Free Spins Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 31.43% Game Features Full Wild Reel feature Collecting four “Heart of Vegas” symbols on a reel transforms the entire reel into a Full Wild Reel for four consecutive spins. When a Scatter symbol appears behind the Full Wild reel, it acts as both a Scatter and Wild. When a Heart of Vegas symbol appears behind the Full Wild reel, the Full Wild reel stays in place for an extra spin. Hearts collected during play are linked to the bet amount. Changing the bet amount will change the respective number of hearts previously collected for that bet amount. Returning to a previous bet amount will restore the hearts collected for that bet amount. Free Spins When 3 or more Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Free Spins feature. The player is presented with 3 options and must choose one, which will award up to 75 Free Spins with 1, 2 or 3 Full Wild Reels. Free Spins Option 3 Scatter awards 2 Free Spins with Reels 1,3 and 5 as Full Wild Reels 6 Free Spins with Reels 2 and 4 as Full Wild Reels 15 Free Spins with only Reel 3 as a Full Wild Reel 4 Scatter awards 4 Free Spins with Reels 1,3 and 5 as Full Wild Reels 12 Free Spins with Reels 2 and 4 as Full Wild Reels 30 Free Spins with only Reel 3 as a Full Wild Reel 5 Scatter awards 10 Free Spins with Reels 1,3 and 5 as Full Wild Reels 30 Free Spins with Reels 2 and 4 as Full Wild Reels 75 Free Spins with only Reel 3 as a Full Wild Reel Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop or the Spin button on mobile. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 60, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/7/2022