Shark Frenzy WILD SHARK The Shark symbol is a Wild symbol that can substitute for all other symbols except for Treasure symbols and Bonus symbols. The Shark symbol can randomly appear on any spin. When the Shark symbol lands, the game will enter Respin Frenzy. RESPIN FRENZY When Respin Frenzy is triggered, the game will start to respin. During the Respin Frenzy, only Treasure symbols and Bonus symbols can land on the reels. The respinning will continue as long as there are Treasure symbols or Bonus symbols landing. After each respin, there is a chance the Shark symbol will add Treasure symbols. When no more Treasure symbols or Bonus symbols land, the respinning will stop, and the Shark symbol will collect all visible Treasure symbols. FREE SPINS BONUS Landing 3, 4, or 5 Free Spin symbols in the base game awards 6, 8, or 10 Free Spins, respectively. During Free Spins, the Shark symbol has a chance to appear in a random location every spin. Respin Frenzy is triggered as in the base game. There is an overall respin multiplier that increases by one every extra respin during Respin Frenzy. The multiplier applies to the collected win on the last respin, and it resets after the shark has collected all Treasure symbols. RULES & INFORMATION The Wild Shark symbol substitutes for any visible symbol except the Bonus symbol and Treasure symbols. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.13% and maximum win is 7777x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 7777x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 31 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet size. Click to disable the game sounds. Click to enable the game sounds. Click to view the Autoplay menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay. Click the + or – buttons to change the Bet size. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Click to disable the quick spin. Click to enable the quick spin. Tab List Tab Function View the Paytable of the game. Modify the settings of the game. Last modification date: 2/21/2024