NASCAR Victory Lane GAME RULES Get ready to experience the adrenaline-pumping world of NASCAR. This game offers three core Cash-on-Reels features which can be triggered simultaneously for even more excitement and big wins! Designed to captivate iCasino players, this game features 5 reels, 50 paylines, and seven market dominating Cash-on-Reels features that will keep players on the edge of their seats. GAME INFO Overview • Reels: 5 • Paylines: 50 • Scatter Symbols: Any one or more , , and can trigger the feature! • Wild Symbol: , your ticket to big wins! • Three thrilling Cash-on-Reels features: Expanding Reels Collector Extra Spin • Experience the excitement of simultaneous feature activations, unlocking these incredible possibilities: Extra Spin + Expanding Reels Extra Spin + Collector Expanding Reels + Collector Extra Spin + Expanding Reels + Collector • RTP: 95.068% • Min Bet: $0.20 • Max Bet: $15.00 • • Three thrilling Cash-on-Reels features: • All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay from left to right on consecutive reels. Only the highest win is paid per payline. • substitutes for all symbols except , and . • , and appear on any reel and may trigger one of seven (7) Cash-on-Reels features. • Jackpots only available during any Cash-on-Reels feature. Cash-on-Reels • During the base game, special diamond symbols may land on the reels: • : Interacts with the Yellow section of the screen and may trigger the Extra Spin feature. • : Interacts with the Red section of the screen and may trigger the Collector feature. • : Interacts with the Blue section of the screen and may trigger the Expanding Reels feature. • When the Cash-on-Reels feature is triggered, all , , and symbols from the triggering spin will show a random Cash-on-Reels value. • If two (2) or more different colored Diamond Symbols land, simultaneous features may be triggered: • : Interacts with both the Red and the Yellow sections of the screen. May trigger the Extra Spin + Collector feature. • : Interacts with both the Red and the Blue sections of the screen. May trigger the Expanding Reels + Collector feature. • : Interacts with both the Blue and the Yellow sections of the screen. May trigger the Extra Spin + Expanding Reels feature. • : The ultimate combination! Interacts with the Red, Blue and Yellow sections of the screen. May trigger the Extra Spin + Expanding Reels + Collector feature. Extra Spin (Yellow Feature) • The Reels change to 3x5, individual spinning reels. • Four (4) respins are awarded instead of three (3). • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to four (4). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting fifteen (15) awards GRAND Jackpot. Collector (Red Feature) • The Reels change to 3x5, individual spinning reels. • Three (3) respins are awarded. • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to three (3). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • When lands, its prize value will be the total value of all locked , including jackpots. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting fifteen (15) awards GRAND Jackpot. Expanding Reels (Blue Feature) • The Reels change to 6x5, individual spinning reels with the top three (3) rows locked. Each row will have a number of required to land before unlocking a new row. • Three (3) respins are awarded. • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to three (3). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting thirty (30) awards GRAND Jackpot. Extra Spin (Yellow Feature) + Collector (Red Feature) • The Reels change to 3x5, individual spinning reels. • Four (4) respins are awarded instead of three (3). • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to four (4). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • When lands, its prize value will be the total value of all locked , including jackpots. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting fifteen (15) awards GRAND Jackpot. Expanding Reels (Blue Feature) + Collector (Red Feature) • The Reels change to 6x5, individual spinning reels with the top three (3) rows locked. Each row will have a number of required to land before unlocking a new row. • Three (3) respins are awarded. • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to three (3). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • When lands, its prize value will be the total value of all locked , including jackpots. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting thirty (30) awards GRAND Jackpot. Extra Spin (Yellow Feature) + Expanding Reels (Blue Feature) • The Reels change to 6x5, individual spinning reels with the top three (3) rows locked. Each row will have a number of required to land before unlocking a new row. • Four (4) respins are awarded instead of three (3). • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to four (4). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting thirty (30) awards GRAND Jackpot. Extra Spin (Yellow Feature) + Collector (Red Feature) + Expanding Reels (Blue Feature) • The Reels change to 6x5, individual spinning reels with the top three (3) rows locked. Each row will have a number of required to land before unlocking a new row. • Four (4) respins are awarded instead of three (3). • When lands, it is locked and the number of respins remaining are reset to four (4). • may contain either a cash value or a jackpot. • When lands, its prize value will be the total value of all locked , including jackpots. • All values are awarded after the feature. • Collecting thirty (30) awards GRAND Jackpot. Jackpots • There are three (3) fixed jackpots with a predetermined, unchanging value • • • • Jackpots are available only during a Cash-on-Reels feature. • It is possible to trigger multiple Jackpots during a single Cash-on-Reels Feature. Reels and Symbols • Reel Layout: 3x5 How to Play Select the preferred bet size. Press the Spin button to play the game. Only the highest win is paid per payline. All values are shown as actual wins in coins/currency selected. When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win. Feature wins are awarded to the player after the round is completed. AUTOPLAY The autoplay option may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions. To start auto-play, select the auto-play button. Select the number of spins from the predefined list of options. To start auto-play, the 'Check' button should be pressed. Loss limit - autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. Single win limit - autoplay will stop after a win that exceeds the single win limit. Stop on Feature Win - autoplay will stop when the game feature is activated. GAME ELEMENTS The balance field at the bottom of the game area displays your balance. The win field at the bottom of the game area displays the total win per game round. The bet field at the bottom of the game area displays the total bet amount per same round. BUTTONS Press Spin button to start the game round. Use Bet size selector button to adjust bet amount. Use Autoplay menu button to activate autoplay, if available. Use Game Menu button to access the game menu. Use Paytable and Feature Information button to show help screens. Use Sound On/Off button to adjust sound. Turbo mode button may be prohibited in specific jurisdictions. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The reels are spun with a fair and certified random number generator. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the casino's website: Procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. Last modification date: 7/29/2025