Secrets of the Temple GAME RULES Name SECRETS OF THE TEMPLE Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version Secrets of the temple Type of game Videoslot Geometry 5 x 3 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.3% Autoplay mode Yes, under the required UKGC technical standards. GAME RULES SECRETS OF THE TEMPLE SECRETS OF THE TEMPLE is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 243 ways of winning and a free spins It is played in 243 modes that represent the 243 possible combinations for a symbol on each The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. The Wild symbol only appears in reels 2, 3 and 4, and may be replaced by any other symbol except the Wild x2, Wild x3, Bonus, Mystery, Stacked Wild, MAP1 or MAP2 The Bonus symbol will only appear in reels 2, 3 and 4 in regular feature, and only in the fifth reel during the free spins feature. It may be replaced by any other symbol except the Wild, Wild x2, Wild x3, Mystery, Stacked Wild, MAP1 or MAP2 Each reel contains Mystery symbols that are replaced by a randomly chosen symbol at the end of a spin. All the Mystery symbols are replaced by the same symbol per The Mystery symbols may be replaced by any other symbol, except the Wild, Stacked Wild, Bonus, Map 1 or Map 2 The Stacked Wild symbol will appear in the central reel, moving around to occupy 3 positions, and randomly granting access to the minigame. It may be replaced by any other symbol except the Wild, Wild x2, Wild x3, Bonus, Mystery, MAP1 or MAP2 All payways for a symbol will be displayed together and that the combined amount won for those payways will be displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. SECRET MINIGAME After beginning the minigame, choose one of the 15 available golden coins. Continue selecting them until you have discovered 3 of the same Jackpot options. 3 MAXI grants the MAXI Jackpot and ends the 3 MAJOR grants the MAJOR Jackpot and ends the 3 MINOR grants the MINOR Jackpot and ends the 3 MINI grants the MINI Jackpot and ends the GRAND JACKPOT MAP SYMBOLS After beginning the minigame, choose one of the 15 available golden coins. Continue selecting them until you have discovered 3 of the same Jackpot options. After beginning the minigame, choose one of the 15 available golden coins. Continue selecting them until you have discovered 3 of the same Jackpot options. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols award 8 free Any wins from the feature will be multiplied by Additional free spins may be awarded during this feature, which will be added to those already granted. An additional free spin will be awarded for every BONUS symbol in reel 5. One or more Wild x2 symbols appearing on the reels doubles the payment for all winning One or more Wild x3 symbols appearing on the reels triples the payment for all winning If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 4 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. The free spins feature is played on special reels, with Wild x2 and Wild x3 symbols in the central The free spins feature is played at the same level of bet as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the Historical Betting In the round history, the spin button can be found behind the play and pause button in the replay of the round. The button is transparent so that the pending spins can be seen during the free spins BUTTONS Last modification date: 3/18/2025