Mother of Horus Name MOTHER OF HORUS Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version Mother of Horus Type of game Videoslot Geometry 5 x 3 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.3% Autoplay mode Yes, under the required UKGC technical standards. GAME RULES MOTHER OF HORUS is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows with 50 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The calculation of the winnings is based on the combination of consecutive symbols from left to right. The Wild symbol can substitute any other symbol, except the ISIS symbol . Above each reel there is a 1x1 mini-reel that contains various prizes. These may be wins, access to the jackpot roulette or access to the free spin feature. The content of these mini-reels changes randomly with each spin of the video slot. The Isis symbol is WILD throughout the entire game and awards prizes from the upper section of the reels. During the regular feature Isis can appear in reels 1, 3 or 5, but during the free spin feature she may appear in any reel. It is possible to win several prizes from one single spin. If you have been granted access to more than one roulette game, they will be accumulated and played consecutively. The destiny roulette will award a Jackpot win randomly from a choice of 4 potential prizes: MINI, MINOR, MAJOR OR GRAND. The WILD symbols may move up or down several times to add more WILD symbols, including an ISIS symbol in its column. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE When the Isis symbol lines up with a 'Free Spins' award on the upper mini-reel, the player will get access to the free spins feature. This feature will grant 10 free spins for each reel where the Isis symbol lines up with the 'Free Spins' award. When the Isis symbol lines up with the Free Spins award in the mini-reels during the free spins feature, 2 additional free spins will be awarded. The mini-reels in the upper section will be activated for reels 2 and 4 during the free spins feature, but they will only award Jackpots. If at the end of the free spins feature, the total win is less than 10 times the bet that activated the feature, then 2 extra free spins are triggered. Extra free spins continue to be obtained until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned 10 times the bet minimum. The free spins feature is played on special reels, with the Wild and ISIS symbols available on all reels. The free spins feature is played at the same level of bet as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the ‘Historical Betting’ interface. BUTTONS FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The maximum win from a single game is £94,206. Last modification date: 6/24/2020