Alchemy Blast Game rules Learn the secrets of Alchemy and progress through all the ranks of the Academy to become a Master Alchemist! Alchemy Blast is a match-3 game played on a 5x6 board, full of magical elements, and wonderful Elixirs! This game features three unique bonus games, selectable by the player, with guaranteed wins! All wins are multiples of the bet. Elixirs and bonus games Elixirs are collected whenever an underlying Element cluster is blasted. The collected Elixir is added to the relevant Elixir count. Only Elixirs of the selected type will appear in the game. The Elixir type can be selected from the Elixirs menu, which is opened by pressing the ELIXIRS button on the bottom left of the game screen. Already collected Elixirs are saved when switching between different Elixir types. Once a tube is filled, the relevant bonus game will start automatically after the end of the current game. Bonus: Mystery Box Triggered by collecting one Elixir of Magic (blue). Collect as many vials as you can, but be careful! A vial of poison will end this bonus game. Bonus awards: 1 star. Bonus: Wisdom Library Triggered by collecting two Elixirs of Wisdom (pink). You may take only one book from each shelf, but beware! A cursed book will end this bonus game. Books that reveal symbols award you the sum of wins for all other books on the shelf. Bonus awards: 2 stars. Bonus: Free Games Triggered by collecting three Elixirs of Immortality (green). Five free games. Every free game wins and can also be multiplied by x2, x3 or x5 by blasting an element under a multiplier! Bonus awards: 3 stars. Bonus Game Calculated Bet Bonus games are played with a ‘bonus game calculated bet’. This bet amount is the average of the bet amounts used when collecting each of the Elixirs for that relevant bonus game. For example: If you collect the 1st Elixir of Immortality with a bet amount of 2, the 2nd Elixir of Immortality with a bet amount of 3 and the 3rd Elixir of Immortality with a bet amount of 7, then your bonus game will be played out with a bet amount of 4 - the average of 2, 3, and 7. The average bet is rounded to the nearest even second decimal place. If the second decimal place falls exactly on an odd number, and so there is no nearest even second decimal place, the average bet will be rounded up to the even second decimal place. Mega Win Blasting a philosopher's stone cluster grants a mega win of x1000 multiplier of the bet. Ranks progression There are a total of 90 ranks in the game. Every time you earn 3 stars you progress to the next rank. Stars are awarded after every bonus game. Ranks do not affect wins or losses, and ranking up does not award a specific win. Disconnection policy Due to the game’s communication medium nature, the player may experience interruptions, delays, or a termination of gameplay. In the event of an unexpected interruption or termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Should a disconnection occur after a bet has been placed, but before the current game is complete, in your next game session you will be prompted to start the game you played before the interruption. Any malfunction in the game voids all payouts. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/23/2024