Wealthy Coins GAME RULES WEALTHY COINS is a game with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The WILD symbol substitues for all symbols except for the coin and wheel symbols. The Locked Gold Coin and Locked Gold Wheel symbols remain fixed on the reels for 3 respins. These symbols are fixed on the reels but do not block paylines. The symbols that fall behind the Locked Gold symbols are shown when they fall and evaluated for wins in that spin. There are four different types of coins, two scatter win coins and two wheel coins. If you obtain 6 coin symbols, of the same or different types, you will enter the Locked Spins minigame. 3 respins are granted, during which each additional coin symbol that appears on the reels will reset the respin counter to 3. The feature will end when there are no respins left or when all 15 positions on the reels have been filled with coin symbols. The respin counter may randomly reset at the end of the respins. If you obtain 15 coin symbols you will be awarded the GRAND prize. The wheel symbols that appear during the Locked Spins minigame award spins on the Locked Spins wheel when the minigame ends and before the wins are calculated. Once all the wheel spins have been used, each win earned will be shown in the corresponding wheel coin and the total wins earned will be calculated. Coins use values from the following list: 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 2.5, 3, 5, 7, 10, 15, 20, 30 and 50 multiplied by total bet. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) 95.3% (Buy Minigame 95.3%). The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games. The maximum prize achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games was 394.5 times the bet, with an occurence probability of 1:10000000000. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/10/2026