Turkey Day Turkey Day Game Help Celebrate Thanksgiving with Turkey Day! Get ready to gobble up some fun, big wins and e into a festive feast of excitement with Turkey Day Feature that will give fun all holiday long. Turkey Day Feature: when this special feature is activated, you're in for a treat with 5 thrilling rounds of multiplier magic! In each round, you'll choose one of three identical objects, each hiding a different multiplier. After five rounds of exciting choices, the selected multipliers are added together and multiplied by your current bet to reveal your total winnings. It's a cornucopia of rewards! This Thanksgiving, while you're enjoying the turkey and pie, don't forget to carve out some time for Turkey Day. Spin the reels, enjoy the festive features, and give thanks for the big wins! General Information Turkey Day is 3 reels game with 1 payline, Turkey Day feature and Bells symbol mechanic. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 1 across the middle Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Return to Player 93.21% Game Features Turkey Day Feature Turkey Day feature is triggered when Turkey symbol lands on the payline on the reel 3. There are 5 rounds in Turkey day feature. Each round have 3 objects with multipliers. Only one object can be picked in the round. Multipliers are arranged randomly. All multipliers are summed up at the end of the feature, multiply the stake and the winnings are awarded. If no selection is made, a random symbol will be selected automatically after timeout. RTP is equally distributed among the symbols and autopick doesn't impact overall RTP. Bells Symbol Bells symbol acts as a paying scatter: 1 Bells symbol pays x1 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 different symbols and the Bells symbol on the payline except the Bells symbol in combination with different Bar symbols). 2 Bells symbol pays x5 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 Bells symbols and a Blank or Turkey symbol). Bells symbol also acts like a wild to make a winning combination and to multiply it: 1 Bells symbol on payline pays x3 winning combination. 2 Bells symbols on payline pays x9 winning combination. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to payline win. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Turkey Day feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 11/13/2024