The Secret Order The Secret Order Game Help Ever wondered what it might be like to belong to a secret society? Well, now you can! The Secret Order takes you on an adventure of a lifetime, where you will get to experience the inner workings of this enigmatic organization. Only a few select outsiders have ever been granted access to join some of the bravest and greatest minds in the world as they uncover priceless treasures and protect humanity from supernatural threats. The Secret Order is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that is filled with mystery, adventure and rewarding features. Start raking in the winnings with the Buzzing Wild Re-Spin feature that brings Re-Spins and sticky Wilds, plus unlock even more payout potential with the Wild on Wild feature that activates expanded Wilds. To keep the rewards coming, when 3 Scatters land, it awards Free Spins where all the Scatters are replaced with Sticky Wilds. A world of thrills is waiting for you! Play The Secret Order now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 20 winning lines in The Secret Order. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Buzzing Wild Re-Spin WoW (Wild on Wild) Buzzing Wild Free Spins Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 26.67% Game Features Buzzing Wild Re-Spin When two or more Wild symbols appear anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Buzzing Wild Re-Spin feature and awards one Re-Spin. During the Re-Spin, the Wilds are sticky and each time a new Wild lands it resets the Re-Spins. All the Wild symbols hold their position for the Re-Spin and then any wins are evaluated and awarded. When no additional Wild symbols land on the reels, the feature ends. WoW (Wild on Wild) When a Wild symbol lands behind a Wild symbol during the Buzzing Wild Re-Spin and Free Spins feature, the WoW feature is triggered. Wilds then expand over the entire reel. Buzzing Wild Free Spins When 3 Scatter symbols land on reels 2, 3 and 4, it triggers 7 Free Spins. The 3 Scatter symbols that triggered the feature are replaced with Buzzing Wild Symbols at the start of the Free Spins. Any Wilds landing during the Free Spins are sticky and remain so till the end of the Free Spins feature. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, ided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/25/2022