Tiger Emperor Tiger Emperor Game Help The tiger is a majestic animal that is revered in Chinese culture and considered the king of all the animals. In fact, the stripes on the forehead of the tiger represent the Chinese character Wang, which means king. When you play Tiger Emperor with its generous features, there is no need to be afraid, because the Tiger will bless you with great fortunes! Tiger Emperor is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that boasts rich and rewarding features. Pounce into action with up to 15 Free Spins that activate when 3 or more scatter symbols land, plus the prospect of winning more Free Spins during the feature. Sink your teeth into even more rewards with the Tiger Respins, where the Tiger symbols hold their positions and respins take place. Each time a Tiger lands adjacent to another one, they merge to form an even bigger symbol and increase the multiplier, with the possibility of winning up to 750x your bet. Have a roaring good time and play Tiger Emperor now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Tiger Emperor. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features TIGER RESPINS FEATURE FREE SPINS Return to Player 96.23% Hit Rate 34.88% Game Features TIGER RESPINS FEATURE 6 Bonus symbols trigger the Tiger Respins feature which awards 6 respins, plus 1 extra respin for each additional bonus symbol. During the feature, the triggering Bonus symbols will remain locked in their positions. Any new Bonus symbols also become locked in their positions until the feature ends. When no more respins remain or all reel positions are Bonus symbols, the prizes displayed on all of the Bonus symbols are awarded. Adjacent Bonus symbols form groups and payouts are awarded according to the grouped bonus symbols table. Only Bonus symbols are paid during the feature. FREE SPINS When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8, 12 or 15 Free Spins respectively. Only Wild and Scatter symbols appear on reel 3 during the Free Spins feature. The Tiger Respins feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. The Free Spins feature can be retriggered. When the Free Spins feature ends, a banner will display the total Free Spins winnings. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/14/2023