Turtle Gems GAME RULES Turtle Gems is a 10 line game, 5 reel video slot game. The minimum bet is 10 credits. The maximum bet is 100 credits. Volatility: Medium High. Winnings are made according to the pay table. All symbols pay from left to right on adjacent reels starting from left to right. All wins are multiplied by bet per line. A bet amount is the number of credits/coins bet in each pay line. A pay line win award is equal to the value displayed in the pay table, multiplied by the bet amount. Return To Player: 96.007% Hit Ratio: 38% All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction: .COM 30 Days Italy 7 Days Spain 7 Days Denmark 90 Days Sweden 90 Days Romania 30 Days Portugal 90 Days HOW TO PLAY SPIN Tap the to spin the reels. FAST FORWARD Select to skip the animation and collection animations. AUTO SPIN (AUTO PLAY) Select Auto spin to play the game automatically. Spin options include the amount of spins to play, making the reels spin fast, skipping animations and celebrations. Stop options include stopping the game on any win, when credits fall below a set amount, when a win over a certain amount or when a feature is won. Tap the to auto spin the reels based on the pre-selected settings. STOP Select to stop the reels. The number inside the box displays the amount of spins remaining. +BET- The BET meter displays the amount wagered each game. Tap the to increase or to decrease credits you want to play in the game. HELP Tap the to display pay tables, instructions, and rules of the game. SOUND Tap the to adjust volume levels for the game music and sounds. SETTINGS Tap the to display game settings and preferences for the game. CREDITS The CREDITS meter displays the amount of credits you have throughout the game. WIN The WIN meter displays your winnings after each spin. JACKPOT METER The JACKPOT meter displays a non-progressive prize. The jackpot is multiplied by the bet per line. WHEEL BONUS ANY 3 SCATTER SYMBOLS ON REELS 2, 3, AND 4, TRIGGER THE WHEEL BONUS In the Wheel Bonus, you spin the wheel one or more times to collect multipliers and a prize. When the wheel lands on a prize, the bonus ends. All awarded multipliers will add up and multiply the prize for a total bonus win. The bonus win is then multiplied by the bet per line. JACKPOT FIVE LOGO SYMBOLS ON A WINNING PAY LINE AWARDS JACKPOT The Jackpot is 50000 x bet per line WILD STACK FEATURE 3 TURTLE SYMBOLS STACK AWARDS DUPLICATE STACKS Wild Turtle Stacks only appear on reels 2 and/or 4. Wild Turtle Stacks duplicate onto either reels 2, 3 and/or 4. At the end of the wild duplication, a multiplier may be awarded. Any line pays resulting from the duplication may get multiplied by 2, 5, or 10. Only one multiplier awarded per Wild Stack feature. TERMS & CONDITIONS Turtle Gems features and settings may also be subject to terms and conditions of the gaming site or host. For more information, see the website from which this game is being hosted on. Malfunction of the game voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 © 2019 PlayLogics, LLC. All rights reserved. Date: 11.05.2020 Turtle Gems version 1.0.1 Last modification date: 6/24/2020