Allways fruits Game Overview Allways Fruits is a 5 reel, 3 row fruit slot with a Bonusspin Feature and the Gamble Feature. The game is played with 243 ways (fixed). Wins pay only from left to right. The Multiplier symbol appears only on reel 1, 2 and 3. The Multiplier symbol doubles winnings. 1 Multiplier = Win x2 2 Multiplier = Win x4 3 Multiplier = Win x6 The Bonus symbol pays on any position. The bet level is set by using the BET button on the bottom or the slider on the right side of the game. AUTOSTART opens the panel to select the number of games and stop criteria. Autoplay will be activated by clicking on START in the panel. The autoplay can be stopped by pressing on AUTOSTART . EXIT leads to the casino main screen. Any not collected win will be collected automatically, before the game is closed. GAMBLE enables the option to open the Gamble feature automatically after a win. All values like credit, bets and wins are shown in currency. All values in the paytable are based on the current bet level. These values will be changed automatically if the bet level will be changed. Payouts according to the paytable are made only if the specified number of symbols is of a kind. Bonusspin Feature 3 or more Bonus symbols on any position win bonusspins. During bonusspins the same number of Bonus symbols win the same number of additional bonusspins, which are added to the remaining amount of bonusspins. 5 Bonus = 15 Bonusspins 4 Bonus = 10 Bonusspins 3 Bonus = 7 Bonusspins During bonus all symbols pay on any position. Bonusspins are played at the same bet as the initiating game. Wins from bonusspins are added to the other wins. Bonus ends when there are no remaining bonusspins. Gamble Feature With active gamble mode the player has the chance to multiply the win. Every win (also freespin win if applicable) which is less than 400x total bet can be gambled The win will be automatically collected if it is higher than 400x total bet. The player can quit the gamble feature at any time by pressing COLLECT . With the HALF button it is possible to wager just half of the amount as long as the amount can be halved. Double the win by choosing the right colour. (red / black) Quadruple the win by choosing the right suit. (hearts, diamonds, spades or clubs) Game Settings Options In the info panel on the top of the game there are several informations for the player. On the right side the current time and the unique game id are visible. Each game has its unique game id. The game id should be used for requests to the support. Below the icons which are visible on the left side of the info panel are explained in details. Icon Explanation Shows the currently used language in the game (only available if more than one language is supported) Indicator for the paytable and help pages Shows the volume of the game sound Shows if the background music is on or off(not available in all games) Shows if the game is in fullscreen or not (not available on all devices) Shows if the turbo mode is on or off (not available in all casinos) Shows if autoplay active or not Shows if auto gamble is active or not Click on the info panel at the top of the game to open the menu. Button Function Click to change the language (only available if more than one language is supported) Click to adjust the volume Click to mute the background music (not available in all games) Click to enable or disable the fullscreen mode (not available on all devices) Click to turn the turbo mode on or off (not available in all casinos) Click to view the paytable and help pages Click to view the game rules Click to open the history of the game (not available when playing for fun) Click to open the statistic (not available in all casinos) Press to go to the next help page Press to go to the next entry in the history Press to go to the previous help page Press to go to the previous entry in the history Shortcuts The game can also be played with the keyboard (not on mobile devices). The shortcuts are listed below. It is possible that some shortcuts are blocked by the browser in special conditions. Shortcut Function SPACEBAR Starts a new game Stops the reels (while spinning) Stops count up animation of the win Stops collect animation Collects the whole amount in the gamble SHIFT Opens the autoplay panel to select the number of games and stop criteria. Disables active autoplay ENTER Start autoplay if the autoplaypanel is open. Confirms a message which is popping up in the game ESC Collects all wins and leads to the casino main screen Closed the history and returns to the game Closes the help and returns to the game Closes the open autoplaypanel ▶ Increases the lines in the game (only available if lines can be selected) Navigates to the next page in the help Navigates to the next record in the history ◀ Decreases the lines in the game (only available if lines can be selected) Navigates to the previous page in the help Navigates to the previous record in the history ▲ Increases the bet level in the game ▼ Decreases the bet level in the game A Adjusts the volume of the game F Enables or disables the fullscreen mode (not available on all devices) T Turns the turbo mode on or off (not available in all casinos) P Opens the paytable and help pages M Mutes the background music (not available in all games) L Changes the language (only available if more than one language is supported) G Activates or deactivates the gamble Enters the gamble if a win occurs and the game is not in autoplay. S Opens the statistic (not available in all casinos) Selects spades in the gamble H Opens the history of the game (not available when playing for fun) Selects hearts in the gamble R Opens the game rules Selects red in the gamble B Selects black in the gamble D Selects diamonds in the gamble C Selects clubs in the gamble BACKSPACE Collects half of the amount in the gamble Autoplay Settings By pressing on the AUTOSTART the window to select the number of games and stop criteria is opened. Amount of Games: Select number of games which should run in Autoplay Credit lower than: Stops Autoplay if credit is lower than specified Credit higher than: Stops Autoplay if credit is higher than specified Win higher than: Stops Autoplay if a single win is higher than specified Note : Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Note : Each freespin game (if applicable) is counted as a single game and will therefore reduce the amount of games by one. Return to Player The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.85%. Additional Information In case of disconnection because of network issues or other failures the game will always continue on the last position where it was interrupted. The game can be continued at any time. There is no time limitation in this case. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 2/15/2018