4 Hat Riches Burst 4 Hat Riches Burst Game Help Let luck guide every spin in 4 Hat Riches Burst, a 5x3 slot brimming with colourful lucky charms, including Hat symbols, 4-leaf clovers, horseshoes, sticky Bonus Coins, and the chance to land dazzling jackpots. With emerald hills and sparkling treasures in the background, every spin feels like finding a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. The Hold N Spin Bonus could be triggered when one or more Hat Symbols appear, awarding respins where Bonus Coins, Hat Symbols, and Jackpot Coins stick on the reels. Start with 5 Coins and the Hat Symbols that were awarded and potentially double the excitement with the Double feature to unlock twin 5x3 reel sets! Fill all reel positions to hit the GRAND prize, which can be awarded twice if both reel sets are filled! It doesn’t get any richer than that! Play 4 Hat Riches Burst now and let the luck of the Irish shower you with green rewards! Game Information Game Winning Lines: 4 Hat Riches Burst has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Game Features HOLD N SPIN BONUS Any combination of Hat Symbols on the reels may trigger the Hold N Spin bonus. If the Bonus is triggered with CASHIER, MULTIPLIER and/or COLLECTOR, the respins start with an initial 5 Coins and active Hat Symbols. If the Bonus is triggered with the DOUBLE feature, the Bonus starts with two sets of 5x3 reels with an initial 5 Bonus Coins and other active Hat Symbols on both reel sets. Only Bonus Coins, Hat Symbols, or Jackpot Coins can appear during respins. Multi-coloured Hat Symbols can also appear during respins. Hat Symbols may activate their respective coloured features during the respins. If a non-active Hat Symbol doesn't activate a feature, it turns into a Bonus Coin. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new coin resets the number of respins to 3. When the CASHIER feature is active, each Cashier Hat Symbol awards a random value or Jackpot Coins, except the GRAND. Possible values are 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x or 9x current total bet. When the MULTIPLIER feature is active, each Multiplier Hat Symbol multiplies all other coins on the respective reel by 2x and turns into a random value. Possible values are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. When the COLLECTOR feature is active, each Collector Hat Symbol collects the values from all other coins. If the DOUBLE Hat Symbol activates the Double feature during respins, an additional 5x3 reel set with an initial 5 Bonus Coins and other active Hat Symbols is awarded, and the coin turns into a Bonus Coin. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain or all the reels are full. The GRAND Jackpot is awarded when all 15 positions of a reel set is filled. If all positions on both sets of reels are filled, the GRAND is awarded twice. The graphical collection of the coins and size increment of collectors is for visual entertainment only, and as such, does not influence triggering the Bonus. The size of the Collector resets after the respective feature is awarded and completed. Return to Player (RTP) - Hold N Spin BUY BONUS 93.99% Return to Player 93.99% Hit Rate 36.84% Volatility _ngcontent-ng-c1831936611=""> BUY BONUS Activate the Bonus Feature anytime during the base game with the "Buy Bonus" option. The cost for Buy Bonus is 50x total bet. How To Play Click the Spin button to start the spin. Click to open bet menu and change the bet value. Once the spin is started, the player can fast-forward to the spin result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. Spacebar button on the keyboard can also be used to start and stop the spin. Quick Spin - the reels spin and stop faster and the extra animations are shown. Turbo Spin - the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can also be activated by holding the Spacebar button on the keyboard. Info, Rules cannot be accessed during any feature in game or if any spin is in progress, also Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options cannot be toggled. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 5,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the bonus. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Coins are added together and are awarded.