Blazing Planets Blazing Planets Game Help A mysterious mission in the galaxy of blazing planets. To set the scene: a universe studded with stars. Enjoy your supernatural adventure at fiery Venus, ultra-hot Jupiter, rocky moon, and giant Saturn as they spin to deliver your chance to win. The game showcases our Super Spins and Bet Chance features. An entertaining experience is guaranteed! General Information There are 10 win lines in Blazing Planets. All awards pay for any adjacent left to right, right to left and center winning combination. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 95.14% Game Features Super Spins feature Super Spins feature is triggered from any win of 4x stake or more. There are 4 active boards during Super Spins feature. All Super Spins are played from the current winnings. The stake can be changed in Super Spins feature. Minimum stake in Super Spins is 4x current base game stake. If the value in the winnings meter becomes below 4x stake, the Super Spins feature will end, and any winnings will be collected. The total number of Super Spins is limited to 50. Once limit is reached, the Super Spins feature will end, and any winnings will be collected. Super Spins feature can be exited with the help of Collect button, which will collect any winnings and return to the base game. If no selection is made, the Super Spins feature will time out and collect any winnings. Mystery Symbol feature Mystery Symbol feature is only available in Super Spins feature. When a Mystery symbol lands in view, it will replicate on to the next reel sets to the same positions. Any number of Mystery symbols can land on the reel set. Then the Mystery symbol randomly turns into any symbol from the paytable when the reels stop. All Mystery symbols on the same reel set turn into one symbol from paytable, but on the next reel sets Mystery symbol can turn into different symbols. Bet Chance Once a player's credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN, the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing Cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + /- buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid left to right, right to left and center winning combination. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win is only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the Auto button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds via the Auto button. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: Super Spins feature. Last modification date: 4/22/2025