Ho Ho Tree Ho Ho Tree Game Help Ho Ho Tree welcomes you into a magical winter wonderland, where an enchanted Christmas tree stands tall, adorned with twinkling lights, dazzling ornaments, and promises of festive fortune. This 4x3 slot blends cozy seasonal charm with thrilling features, delivering joy and excitement with every spin. In the base game, any win when a Wild symbol is on the reels can randomly trigger the Ball Drop feature, sending a ball tumbling from the tree to multiply your win. For even more excitement, the Respin feature can activate at random. A paying symbol is chosen, and only that symbol or blanks can land. Winning symbols stick, and respins continue as long as more of the selected symbol appears. Once the reels are full or no new symbols land, the Ball Drop strikes to multiply your wins. Wild symbols are collected during the base game and may randomly unlock the Bonus round, for a choice between Hold N Spin or Free Spins. During Hold N Spin, only Ball and Jackpot symbols can appear. Then, enjoy multipliers up to 10x, or possibly the Minor, Major, or Grand prizes! After Hold N Spin, the Ball Drop feature activates, enhancing coins on the reels with multipliers. If you choose Free Spins, 8 spins are awarded and every time a Wild lands with a win, the Ball Drop is triggered to boost your payout. Loaded with surprises, play Ho Ho Tree now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Ho Ho Tree has 15 winning lines during basegame. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. There are 81 ways to win in Ho Ho Tree during free spins. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines Base game - 15 paylines Number of ways Free Spins - 81 ways Number of Reels and Rows 4x3 Game Features BALL DROP A ball will drop from the tree and reveal a multiplier value. Possible multiplier values for the Ball symbol during the Ball Drop feature are 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x or 25x. During the base game, when there is a win and a Wild symbol is present on the reels, the Ball Drop feature can trigger randomly and the win amount will be multiplied by the dropped ball multiplier. RESPIN FEATURE During the base game, the Respin feature may trigger randomly. A paying symbol (excluding Wild or Ball symbol) is randomly selected from a wheel, while the reels are spinning, and when the reels stop, only the selected symbol or blanks appear. The landed symbols become sticky, and a respin takes place. If any new symbols land, another respin is triggered. Respins end when no new symbols land or the reels are completely filled with the selected symbol. Once the Respin feature ends, the Ball Drop feature will trigger. Winnings are multiplied by the dropped ball multiplier, and the wins are paid. HOLD N SPIN BONUS The Hold N Spin bonus can trigger on any base game spin. Only Ball symbols or Jackpot symbols can appear during the feature. The bonus starts with 1 symbol and 3 respins. All coins remain sticky during respins. Each new symbol resets the number of respins to 3. After the respins are completed or all positions are filled with symbols, the Ball Drop feature will trigger. Up to 8 balls may drop one by one from the tree with random multiplier values. Each ball drop will enhance one random symbol on the reels. A symbol can only be enhanced once. Jackpot symbols will not be enhanced. At the end of the Hold N Spin feature, values on all the symbols on the reels are awarded. FREE SPINS BONUS The Free Spins can trigger randomly on any base game spin. 8 Free Spins are awarded. During Free Spins, there are 81 winning ways. Ball Drop is guaranteed when there is a win and at least one Wild symbol on reels. Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the left most reel. Free Spins can’t be retriggered. The graphical collection in the tree randomly reset to a better visual level after the Bonus is completed. Ball Drop, Respin, Hold N Spin and Free Spins can't trigger on the same spin. Hold N Spin and Respin can’t trigger during Free Spins. Return to Player 93.96% Hit Rate 39.04% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 10,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the respins, the prizes on the symbols are summed and awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen.