Awww So Cute! Awww, So Cute! Game Help Do you love cute, cuddly kittens? Awww, So Cute slot is packed with cute, fluffy felines that will make your heart melt. Join in the fun, and not only will you get to enjoy these gorgeous little animals but there are plenty of winning features that will get your heart purring with excitement! Awww, So Cute is a 5x3 slot with meow'tains of rewarding features. Start your winning streak with the random Wilds with multipliers that can appear at random in the base game. When 3, 4 or 5 Awww, So Cute symbols land, it awards 7, 10 or 15 Free Spins respectively, plus it activates the Pick and Click feature that awards even more Free Spins and Multipliers. The Buy Bonus feature allows you to trigger the bonus feature whenever you want. Play Awww, So Cute! now for the purrfect winning adventure! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Awww, So Cute! has 25 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Game Features BUY BONUS The "Buy Bonus" button is active in the base game. Selecting the "Buy Bonus" opens a pop-up that shows the options and the amounts that need to be paid to immediately initiate the selected feature. The amount to be paid is a multiplier of the current total bet amount. Pay 50x total bet to play 7 Free Spins Pay 75x total bet to play 10 Free Spins Pay 200x total bet to play 15 Free Spins Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the +/- buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin - the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's "Paytable", which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Random Wilds multipliers apply only to the payline on which they are part of. If there are several Random Wilds multipliers on a payline, their multiplier values are added together for that payline. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet/ autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 6/19/2024