Golden Elk GAME RULES Golden Elk Game Help Enter the magical forest and discover a mystical wonderland where everything lives in harmony and the Golden Elk is revered for its prowess and wisdom. As you explore, take in the beauty and tranquility as the friendly, furry animals lead the way to the Golden Elk and priceless treasures. Golden Elk is a 5x3, 50 payline slot with spectacular Free Spins and an even more captivating Bonus feature. The winning adventure begins when 3+ Scatters land and trigger up to 30 Free Spins. When 6+ Elk symbols land, the magic of the Bonus feature begins with 3 spins of the Bonus mini-game that awards multipliers and jackpots. Plus, the Bonus feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. The Golden Elk is waiting for you. Play now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Golden Elk has 50 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Number of Paylines 50 Game Features BONUS FEATURE 6 or more Elk symbols trigger the Bonus feature. Each Elk that lands during the mini-game randomly lights up a pointer. The Grand Jackpot is awarded when all 9 pointers are lit. FREE SPINS 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins feature and awards up to 30 Free Spins. 2 Scatter symbols award 5 additional Free Spins during the feature. The Bonus feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 34.62% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/9/2024