Super 50 Stars GAME RULES Super 50 Stars is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, with 30 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE, The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, They also offers a win equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for them to be on a winning line. Get 3 to 9 Super 5 Stars symbols and multiply your bet by 100. Get 3, 4 or 5 Super 5 Stars symbols and multiply your bet by 200. SUPER 50 GOLD MINIGAME If the SUPER 50 SYMBOL lands completely. the “Super 50 Gold” minigame will be triggered. Once the Super 50 symbol appears. it will turn into 3 Super 50 coins to launch the minigame. The minigame has a 3x3 reels layout and 5 paylines. There are 3 types of coins: collector. win. and Minor. Major. or Grand win. 3 respins are awarded at the start of the minigame. Only Super 50 coins will appear during the minigame. The collector coins will on ly appear in the central reel. collecting and accumulating the values of the coins that appear on reels 1 and 3 during the minigame. At the end of the minigame. all the values accumulated from the collector coin symbols will be added to the total win. Each new coin will reset the number of respins to 3. The minigame will end when there are no respins remaining. SUPER 25 STARS WILD SYMBOL The Super 25 Stars symbol is a Wild and appears in the third reel. If the Super 25 Stars symbol is activated and the player lands a win, the symbols contributing to that win and the Super 25 Stars symbol will be fixed in place once the win has been awarded and the respin has been launched. This process will continue until there are no new winning combinations. Then the payment will be made and the spin will end. Each respin will also move the multiplier panel forward one step. The wins from the spin will be increased by the multiplier. CRYSTAL SYMBOLS A glowing star in the lower section of the reels will launch the Crystal Symbol feature. The first glowing star indicates the reel where the symbol will become crystallised. When the reels finish falling, a star may light up randomly to the right-hand side. This star indicates the chosen row where the symbol will be crystalised. After two stars light up, a panel with multipliers will appear to the left of the reels. The symbol at the intersection of the row and reel identified by the glowing stars will be transformed into a Crystal symbol. Then all of the other symbols of the same type will also crystallise, transforming and providing wins even if they are not in the payline. After all the same symbols are transformed during the first crystallisation, a multiplier will be randomly chosen from the side panel, which will then be applied to the win from the crystal symbols. The crystallised symbols will provide wins on any position of the played lines, according to the win table. Malfunctions voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 2/11/2025