Power Strike - Super Spin GAME RULES Deep inside a mysterious cave are piles of precious gems just waiting to be found. Watch as the reels spin with shiny, shimmering symbols that award fantastic prizes and features. The Super Spin feature unleashes even more payout potential with its Wild multipliers, and if you’re lucky, Free Spins too! This rich and rewarding slot is pure heart-pounding action from the very first spin. Power Strike - Super Spin is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with 40 paylines. When 3 or more Super Spin scatter symbols land, it triggers the Super Spin feature, with its unique standalone reels and multipliers up to 10x. To really boost your bankroll, the Free Spins feature may also activate if 3 Free Spin symbols land during a Super Spin. Strike it BIG with Power Strike - Super Spin. Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 40 winning lines in Power Strike - Super Spin. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features · Super Spin · Free Spins - During Super Spin Return to Player 96.23% Hit Rate 26.37% Game Features Super Spin Super Spin scatter symbols appear as follows: Emerald Super Spin on reel 1 only. Morganite Super Spin on reel 2 only. Citrine Super Spin on reel 3 only. Sapphire Super Spin on reel 4 only. Ruby Super Spin on reel 5 only. Any 3 or more Super Spin scatter symbols that appear anywhere on the reels, award the Super Spin feature. The feature starts from the left-most reel and awards one Super Spin for each Super Spin scatter symbol that appeared on the reels. The Super Spin takes place on a 3 reel, single payline, standalone game. The paytable for each Super Spin is displayed during the respective Super Spin. Each Super Spin awards a multiplier up to 10x, and the respective line win amount is then multiplied by the awarded multiplier and the total bet amount. Wild multiplier symbols: , and are available during the Citrine Super Spin, Sapphire Super Spin, and Ruby Super Spin respectively. The Wild multiplier substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spin symbols. During the Ruby Super Spin, pays anywhere on the single payline. When two wild multipliers are part of a winning combination, they are multiplied together. Free Spins Free Spins feature is available only during the Super Spin feature. 3 Free Spin symbols anywhere on the reels award 3 Free Spins. During the Free Spins feature, each Free Spin symbol that is visible on the reels award an additional Free Spin. A maximum of 6 additional Free Spins can be awarded during the Free Spins feature. The multiplier awarded during the Super Spin feature multiplies the respective line win amount and the total bet. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. .COM 30 days Italy 7 days Spain 7 days Denmark 90 days Sweden 90 days Romania 30 days Portugal 90 days Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 8/19/2025