Wildwood Buffalo Take a break and enjoy the great outdoors. Head off into the wild where the air is crisp and fresh, the mountain peaks are capped with snow, and green meadows stretch as far as the eye can see. Watch as the majestic buffalo roam free and graze but be sure to stay on the lookout for bears, wolves and mountain lions. Wildwood Buffalo is a 5x5 slot with 50 paylines and plenty of action-packed features. Start raking in the rewards with the Wild symbols that can be up to 5x5 in size. The Free Spins bring some wild adventures with a guaranteed Wild that roams the reels with every spin, plus the Boost feature doubles your chances of activating the Free Spins. Get your winning streak started anytime you want with the Buy Bonus option. You will go WILD for Wildwood Buffalo. Play Now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Wildwood Buffalo. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Number of Reels and Rows 5x5 Game Features WILD - The Wild symbol can land as a 1x1, 2x2, 3x3, 4x4 or 5x5 symbol during the base game. FREE SPINS - Roaming wild changes position during free spins. Collecting scatters during free spins awards additional free spins and increases the size of the roaming wild BOOST FEATURE - By activating the Boost feature, the original bet is increased by 20% and more Scatter symbols are added to the reels to boost the chances of triggering the Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus FREE SPINS Feature 97.01% Return to Player 96.13% Hit Rate 20.05% BUY BONUS The “Buy Bonus” button is active in the base game. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Pay 150x total bet to play 5 Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per active line in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost reel, except for scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Bonus features are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Roaming wild changes position during free spins. Collecting scatters during free spins awards additional free spins and increases the size of the roaming wild Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/22/2023