Expanding 10x Minimum Expanding 10x Minimum Game Help The third chapter of the 10x series has landed - Expanding 10X Minimum! Expanding 10X Minimum takes the essence of the beloved 10X Minimum slot game and amplifies it with exciting updates. What better way to enjoy 10x than with Expanding Reels up to 9 symbols high with an increased number of win lines with each expansion due to connect pays! Feel the adrenaline rush as you watch the reels expand, the numbers align & the wins pay. General Information During the game digit symbols from 0-9 and pip symbol are active. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the connected win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. Two or more numbers are summed firstly and only then multiply the stake. If there is a pip symbol between two digit symbols, these symbols will not form a number on win line. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 3 lines for each individual digit symbol Number of Reels and Rows Starting 3x3, can increase up to 9 rows high and additional reels to the right can continue until an additional number is not spun onto the reels or a 3 number winning combination is achieved. Return to Player 93.18% Game Features EXPANDING REELS FEATURE When a digit symbol lands on a reel, the following reel expands by two symbols making 5 symbols high reel. If a digit symbol lands again on the already expanded reel, the following reel also expands by two symbols making 7 symbols high reel. A reel of 9 symbols high is a maximum. Additional expanded reel appears if a digit number lands on the last reel. If a digit symbol doesn’t land on the expanding reel then the next reel spins as a standard 3 symbols high reel or the spin ends if expanding reel is the last reel. The maximum possible number of reels is 9. PICK FEATURE Pick feature is triggered when question mark symbol lands on the reels. Pop-up with 3 question marks appears. There are digit symbols under question marks. The revealed digit symbol replaces question mark on the reels. Gold question mark contains 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 digit symbols. Red question mark contains 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 digit symbols. If no selection is made, a random question mark will be selected after timeout. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Expanding 10x Minimum operates with Connect Pays. Connect pays logic is that each individual symbol has 3 win lines: 1. Diagonal win line to the north-east. 2. Direct win line to the east. 3. Diagonal win line to the south-east. It's not possible to create diagonal win line to the north-east when the symbol takes top position of 9 symbols high reel. It's not possible to create diagonal win line to the south-east when the symbol takes bottom position of 9 symbols high reel. Two or three digit symbols must form a number from left to right on the connected win line. This number will multiply the set stake and the winnings will be awarded. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 2/21/2024