Fortune Dragons Fortune Dragons - Game Help A fiery, fantasy, dragon adventure packed with rewards awaits you in Fortune Dragons. There is no need to fear, as these majestic creatures were once upon a time the favoured pets of deities and demigods. These mystical creatures were also renowned for bringing great fortunes, and now is your opportunity to let the Fortune Dragons bless you with impressive wins! Fortune Dragons is a 6-reel slot that transports you to the Far East to enjoy features like Mystery Coins that award extra wins, Mega Symbols for even more winning combinations, plus more. If you’re feeling brave and want to breathe fire into your wins, then the Gamble feature is just what you need. Be bold, be brave and have a roaring good time with Fortune Dragons! General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Game Features 1. Adjacent Pays 2. Mega Mystery Coin Return to Player 97.02% Hit Rate 34.69% Game Features Adjacent Pays 3 or more adjacent symbols anywhere on an active payline will result in awarding a winning combination Mega Mystery Coin Mystery coins can land in sizes ranging from 1x1 to 4x4 to reveal symbols of the same kind for more wins Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu Turning it on from Settings Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line whenever 3 or more adjacent symbols land. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The Autospin menu is accessible through the Autospin button. Autospin Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win Will stop the Autospin function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the Autospin function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the Autospin will only stop after all the free spins are finished. On a Feature The Autospin will stop and a popup message will appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the Autospin will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 6/7/2022