Coin of Life Coin Of Life Game Help Step into a world filled with life and wonder, where towering trees and enchanting creatures bring incredible rewards with every spin. This is Coin of Life! Unleash the Coin of Life Feature by spinning the reels. When activated, magic coins transform into random symbols—such as a majestic deer—and turn all matching symbols into wilds, creating paylines and boosting your winnings. Enjoy classic Spinberry Features, including Feature Respin™. Play now and let the forest’s fortune become yours! General Information Coin of Life is a 20 win line game that features Coin of Life feature and Free Spins feature. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Return to Player 93.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 Free Spins 93.25% Buy Feature RTP 10 Free Spins 93.32% Game Features COIN OF LIFE FEATURE Coin of Life feature is triggered when 1, 2 or 3 conversion symbols land on the reels. Conversion symbol is available on the reels 1-3-5 only. When conversion symbol lands in view it converts a random symbol to wild. Convertion symbol also converts to wild. Each conversion symbol converts different symbols. FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spins feature is triggered randomly in base game. There is no specific symbol combination to trigger Free Spins. Free Spins feature awards 10 Free Spins. Coin of Life feature is triggered every Free Spin. Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. FEATURE RESPIN™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x72.70 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x52.00 stake when offered 10 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x75.80 stake when offered 10 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Additional way to trigger 10 Free Spins. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Coin Of Life symbols on the reels. Match 3 active Coin of Life symbols on the reels to trigger Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Win line consisting of 5 Wilds is available only in Coin of Life feature. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 5/7/2025