Super Coins SUPER COINS GAME RULES SUPER COINS is a slot machine with 3 reels and 3 rows that offers 5 paylines and a Bonus game. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a line has more than one win, this line will be rewarded with the combination that produces the biggest win. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. WILD on an active payline is wild when matched with other symbols to make a winning combination and substitutes for all symbols. COLLECT When a COLLECT symbol lands, it collects the total of all visible values on other coin symbols, ranging from 1x to 15x the bet, including MINI (25x the bet), MINOR (50x the bet), MAJOR (150x the bet), and GRAND (1000x the bet) prizes. It does not collect values from other COLLECT symbols. BONUS GAME The Bonus Game is triggered when there is at least one Bonus symbol on each reel (coin or Collect). During the BONUS GAME, only coin and COLLECT symbols appear on the reels. Coins appear on reels 1 and 3, while COLLECTs only appear on reel 2 and remain fixed for the entire Bonus Game. At the start of the Bonus Game, 3 free spins are awarded. Each time a new symbol lands, the number of free spins is reset to 3. The Bonus Game ends when the free spins run out. SUPER TREASURE During the base game, any BONUS (coin or COLLECT) symbol gives a chance to enter the BONUS GAME. When this happens, BONUS symbols are randomly added until there is at least one BONUS symbol on each reel. Graphical coin collection is for entertainment purposes and the size of the coin pile does not indicate the probability of triggering an award. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.3 %. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Last modification date: 3/17/2026