Fruit Blast About Fruit Blast Fruit Blast is a unique match-three game which lets you win cash prizes. Join our bartenders and help them blast fruits to tasty shakes on a 5X5 board. Wins are granted by filling the fruits bars. Each fruit bar has its own multiplier of the bet value. The more bars you fill the more money you win. How To Play Fruit Blast Set your bet using the ‘SET BET’ button and press 'PLAY' button to place your bet and start playing. Blast tiles clusters by pressing on one of the tiles in the cluster to fill the fruits bars, win bonus games or super bonus prize. Tile Clusters include 3 or more identical tiles connected horizontally or vertically. Blasted tiles are removed from the board and are being replaced by new tiles from above. Every seven blasted similar fruit tiles will fill a fruit bar and give a win according to that fruit bar multiplier. Every fruit bar can be filled multiple times in a game. Different fruit bars can be filled in the same game. Blasting a bonus tiles cluster grants a bonus game. Blasting a 777 tiles cluster grants the super bonus prize. Special Tiles Two special tiles can appear on the game board: Bonus tile: blasting a cluster of bonus tiles initiates a unique bonus feature. There are 8 different bonus features in the game. 777 tile: blasting a cluster of 777 tiles grants a super bonus win of X1000 the total bet. Progression Collect progression stars to advance in Levels and unlock new bartenders with new bonus features. Each blasted fruit tile during a game gives a progression star. Completing achievements grant additional stars and boost the progression. Progression is saved and unlocked bartenders and features remain available when exiting and re-entering the game. There are 1000 levels in the game, and you can continue playing once you reach level 1000. Bartenders There are 9 different bartenders in the game. Each bartender (except for the first one) has a unique bonus feature that is triggered by blasting a cluster of bonus tiles. Select from the available bartenders in the Bartenders Screen. Unlock new bartenders by advancing Levels. The table below describes the bartenders and the levels they unlocked: Bartender Icon Bartender Name. Unlock At Level Summer. Level 1 Aloha. Level 2 Pat. Level 5 Koko. Level 9 Cassandra. Level 12 Coach Max. Level 15 Maitre' D. Level 19 Mary. Level 22 Echo. Level 25 Achievements Complete tasks to get achievements and earn progression stars. New achievements open automatically according to the Level of progression. A red circle displayed over the Achievements button indicates new achievements. New achievements will be marked 'NEW' when entering the achievements screen for the first time after the achievements are open. Fruit Blast Bartenders And Bonus Features Blasting a bonus tiles cluster during a game triggers a bonus feature. There are 8 unique bonus features, each connected to different bartender: 1. Hawaiian Shake Triggered when playing with Aloha. Fruits are poured into a shake blender and a cash prize pops up. Return to board to finish your game. Bonus prize is added to the game board win. 2. Dance Nights Triggered when playing with Pat. Get 5 free games. Every game wins! Free games are granted at the end of the game in which bonus was won. During the free games the win accumulates and granted at the end of the last free game. Progression stars or credit for achievements are not given for free games. There are no bonus or 777 tiles in free games. 3. Pick & Win Triggered when playing with Koko. Flip the sides of as many coins as you can from 6 possible coins to reveal cash prizes until you reveal 'collect'. Return to board to finish your game. Bonus prize is added to the game board win. 4. Goth a Fruit? Triggered when playing with Cassandra. Choose one of the 5 tiles on the grid to reveal cash prize and to open the next grid until you hit 'collect'. Work your way up to bigger prizes on more advanced grids. There are 5 grids to open. Return to board to finish your game. Bonus prize is added to the game board win. 5. Happy Hour Triggered when playing with Coach Max. Get a shake “on the house”. The bartender will pour a full shake (equal 7 tiles) to one of your fruit bars. Return to board to finish your game. Bonus prize is added to the game board win. Progression stars or credit for achievements are not given for the free shake. 6. Side Dish Triggered when playing with Maitre' D. A free game with X10 multiplier on win. Every game wins! Free game is granted at the end of the game in which bonus was won. The cash win will be multiplied by 10 at the end of the free game. Progression stars or credit for achievements are not given for a free game. There are no bonus or 777 tiles in a free game. 7. Double Shake Triggered when playing with Mary. Flip the side of one of 4 coins to reveal your base cash prize. Continue by flipping a side of 2 coins to either collect your prize and end the bonus round; or to double the prize and get the possibility to re-double. Bonus round ends when you hit 'collect' or when you hit double 3 times. Return to board to finish your game. Bonus prize is added to the game board win. 8. Pick & Win II Triggered when playing with Echo. Flip the sides of as many coins as you can from 12 possible coins to reveal cash prizes until you reveal a multiplier. The bonus prize is the sum of the revealed cash prizes multiplied by the multiplier. Return to board to finish your game. Bonus prize is added to the game board win. Actions And Controls Change your bet: Click the ‘SET BET’ button and select the bet value in the set bet popup. Place a bet and start a game: Click ‘PLAY’ button. Blast a cluster: Click a tile that is part of the cluster. Mute/Unmute: Click the Setting button and select mute/unmute. Change bartender: Click the Bartenders button and select a bartender. Click 'Confirm' button. View achievements list: Click the Achievement button and view achievements progression and status. Click 'Back' button to return to main screen Disconnection Policy Due to the nature of the communications medium for the game, the player may experience interruptions, delays or termination of the game play cycle. In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Should a disconnection occur after a bet has been placed and before the game round is completed, at the next game session you will be prompted to start the game you played before the interruption. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Last modification date: 1/10/2023