Spin N' Hit Venture deep into the jungle to discover an ancient Aztec city that holds riches beyond your imagination. As you spin the reels, the precious Aztec amulets can activate the Spin N' Hit feature where multipliers and stunning jackpots can be yours. Spin N' Hit is a 5-reel, 3-row slot with a riveting bonus round and free spins feature. When 6 or more Amulet Bonus Symbols land anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Spin N' Hit feature, where fantastic multipliers and jackpots are up for grabs. To keep the generous payouts coming, when 3 or more Scatter symbols land, it awards up to 30 Free Spins. Ready for fantastic rewards? Play Spin N' Hit now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Spin N' Hit. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features · Spin N' Hit feature · Free Spins Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 34.62% Game Features Spin N' Hit feature When 6 or more Amulet Bonus Symbols land anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Spin N' Hit feature. The Spin N' Hit wheel appears with a 3 reel, mini-game in front of it. 3 Spins on the mini game are awarded and every time amulets land, the corresponding number of wedge shaped pointers, numbered 1-9 light up randomly, and the spins reset to 3. If all 9 pointers are lit up, the Spin N' Hit jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. When no more spins remain on the mini-game, and not all 9 pointers are lit up, the Spin N' Hit wheel spins. When the wheel stops, all prizes with a lit up pointer are awarded. The multiplier prizes are added together and any lit jackpots are paid. Free Spins When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8, 15 or 30 Free Spins respectively. An additional 5 Free Spins are awarded when 2 scatter symbols land during the Free Spins. Free Spins can be triggered again during the Free Spins feature. The Spin N' Hit feature can be triggered during the Free Spins. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen Last modification date: 7/19/2022