Grand Bison GAME RULES Grand Bison is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 25 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a line has more than one win, this line will be rewarded with the combination that produces the biggest win. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Wins on occurring on different paylines are added together in the total win. Wild symbols may replace any other symbols, except Scatter symbols. The WILD symbol is a Wild multiplier which, in addition to replacing other symbols, multiplies the total win of the spin by 2, 3, or 4 if 1, 2, or 3 Wild multiplier symbols appear, respectively. This symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Scatter symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Scattered wins are added to pay line wins. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE 3 Scatter symbols trigger a feature with 7 free spins with the same reels as the regular spin. During this feature, each Scatter symbol increases the counter that awards additional spins. This counter also gradually transforms certain symbols into regular Wilds. When 3 Scatter symbols have been accumulated, they will transform the “Lynx” symbol into a regular Wild. When 8 Scatter symbols have been accumulated, they will transform the “Bison” symbol into a regular Wild and award 2 additional free spins. When 13 Scatter symbols have been accumulated, they will transform the “Wolf” symbol into a regular Wild and award 2 additional free spins. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 96%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 2000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/24/2025