Halloween Riches Halloween Riches Game Help Embrace the spooky season with our brand-new "Halloween Riches" slot game! Prepare to be enchanted by the hauntingly good features and immerse yourself in the world of ghouls and ghosts. Are you ready to explore the darkness and uncover the riches hidden within? Collect bats, unleash free spins, and revel in the thrilling feature. Trigger free spins with an active bat collection and immerse yourself in bright graphics for a spooktacular gaming experience! General Information There are 1024 winning ways in Halloween Riches. All awards (except scatters) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. Game Features MULTIPLIER WILD FEATURE Wild is available on reels 2-3-4 only. When in view, it will randomly reveal a multiplier of X1, X2, or X3 when part of an active way. If two Wilds are part of the same winning way, they multiply each other. FREE SPINS FEATURE When 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 8, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins feature additional Free Spins can be awarded. 2 Free Spins symbols award 4 additional Free Spins, 3 Free Spins symbols award 8 additional Free Spins, 4 Free Spins symbols award 15 additional Free Spins, 5 Free Spins symbols award 20 additional Free Spins. Bat Collection feature is active only during Free Spins. BAT COLLECTION FEATURE Each time a bat lands in view it is collected. Once a particular number of bats are collected, a particular picture symbol is converted to the highest paying symbol for the remainder of the Free Spins feature. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only scatters symbols on the reels. Match 3 scatters on the reels to win Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the “Spin” button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active winning ways only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Malfunction voids all pays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a winning way to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to ways wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the Auto button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds via the Auto button. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/10/2023