Rumble Rhino Game Overview Game Description Rumble Rhino takes you on an African safari across the savannah to explore the plethora of fauna and flora that this magical place has to offer. You will be in awe of the raw beauty around you, as the Zebra amble across the plains, the giraffe pluck leaves from the trees, and predators like the cheetah move swiftly and stealthily in search of prey. The rhinoceros, whose unmistakable and massive appearance takes centre stage in this action filled feature slot, is responsible for rumbling big WINS. Plus, the traditional African mask symbol is the key to unlocking the ‘secret mask’ feature. When triggered, the Rhino charges through and transforms all mask symbols into other symbols to form potentially massive winning combinations. Rumble Rhino boasts 100 paylines and plenty of other riveting features including wilds, scatters, a 4x4 mega Mask symbol, a bonus game and free spins. Rumble Rhino slot is as captivating as the animals that inhabit the incredible landscape. There is no time to monkey about. Start your African trek now and play Rumble Rhino to win great rewards! {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.description.text4}} {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.description.text5}} --> Game Information Game winning lines: There are 100 paylines in Rumble Rhino. The wins are calculated from left to right. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 100 lines (40 lines in free spins) Number of Reels \ Rows 6 reels 3; 4; 4; 4; 4; 3 rows Game Features Bonus game – triggered when 2 bonus symbols appear on reels 1 and 6. The player needs to pick 3 matching symbols to win an instant prize or free spins with varying multipliers and features. 4x4 Mega symbols – appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Mystery Mask symbol – special African mask that conceals other symbols beneath it. Return to Player 95.52% Hit Frequency 20.28% {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.table.maxWinProbability.name}} {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.table.maxWinProbability.desc}} Default Denominations By Vendor Full Screen Support Yes Sound Control Yes Mobile Support Yes Game Features Bonus game Two Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1 and 6 will trigger the bonus game feature. In the bonus game, you will need to select diamonds containing special award symbols. Once you match 3 symbols from the diamonds you have picked, you will receive that special award. The awards are: A cash prize – X15 your total bet 10 Free spins – all payouts are X5 15 Free spins – all payouts are X3 20 Free spins – all payouts are X2 50 Free spins – all payouts are X1. However, if the bonus symbols appear over reels 1 & 6 during the free spins, the base multiplier for all payouts will increase by 1 for that round and any remaining free spins. 7 'Rumble' free spins – the base multiplier for payouts increases by 1 for bonus symbols appearing over reels 1 & 6 and all wilds get locked for the remaining spins. Plus, every "Mystery Mask" symbol that appears on the reels, will award an additional free spin. * Аll FREE SPINS pay on lines 1 to 40 only. 4x4 Mega Symbols Mega symbols are a 4x4 variation of the normal size symbols that can appear on reels 2-5 and cover the 4 reels X 4 rows. The Rhino, Mystery Mask and high paying symbols all have a 4x4 version. Mega symbols may cover the reels partially or fully, except the Mystery Mask mega symbol which can only appear fully. The Mystery Mask mega symbol conceals , as described above, a 4x4 variation of every multiplier symbol, including high paying symbols, as well as a wild symbol. Mystery Mask symbol The Mystery Mask symbol conceals a multiplier symbol or Wild. It can appear on any reel. Once all the reels have stopped, the Mystery Mask symbol will reveal its mystery symbol. All Mystery Mask symbols in a given round will turn into the same symbol. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the Bet Plus / Minus buttons, and press or the 'Spacebar' to submit the bet and initiate the round. A second click on the or the 'Spacebar' will fast-forward the round to the round results, or in the case of multiple lines winning, will skip the win animation and start the next round. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A line win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by the line bet amount. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's 'Paytable', which can be accessed through the Info button All symbol multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by the number of paylines (100). Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Free Games Free Games (Free Spins features) are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial bet line wins. At the end of Free Games, the game returns to the round that activated the Free Games Spins. Only lines from 1 to 40 are paying wins. Game Controls Game Buttons Image Name Description Spin Starts a round Stop Stops the reels Skip Skips the win animations Bet +/- Increases or decreases the bet amount Win Displays the current win amount and currency Balance Displays the player's current balance Volume Control (desktop only) Enables or mutes the sound Toggle Screen Size (desktop only) Opens and closes the game's full screen Home (optional) Directs the player to the website's home URL Cashier (optional, desktop only) Directs the player to the cashier or the 'My Account' page Help Opens the Help page. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings (desktop only) Opens the additional configuration screen Info Opens the info and paytable screens. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings Panel (desktop only) Opens and closes the settings panel Last modification date: 2/28/2023