Jackpot Fortune A jackpot of fortunes awaits you in this captivating Asian themed slot. Packed with golden treasures, you will be mesmerized from the very first spin. On your playing journey, the action never stops with jackpots to be won, free spins, multipliers and more. Jackpot Fortunes is a 5-reel, 3-row slot that is bright and vibrant. To keep the reels spinning longer and the payouts coming, enjoy 8 Free Spins when 3 or more scatters land. Every time a regular wild appears it adds a golden coin to your collection, which then randomly awards the Jackpot Bonus feature, where you get to pick and reveal one of the four generous jackpots. Get ready for a fortune of fun and rewards with Jackpot Fortunes! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 243 ways in Jackpot Fortunes. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 243 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features · Jackpot Bonus Feature · Wild Multiplier Feature · Free Spins Return to Player 96.5% Hit Rate 33.75% Game Features Jackpot Bonus Feature When regular wild symbols land only on reels 2, 3 and 4, it may trigger the Jackpot Bonus feature. Then, select from the 12 gold coins until three matching Jackpot symbols are revealed to win the mini, minor, major or grand jackpot. Playing with bigger bets, increases your chances of winning bigger jackpots. The regular Wild substitutes for all symbols including the scatter except for the enhanced Wild symbol. Each time a regular Wild appears, it adds coins to the pot, and then at random, it triggers the Jackpot Bonus feature with the chance to win one of four jackpots! The progressive jackpots values are calculated as follows: (Total bet X Jackpot payout multiplier) + accumulated progressive amount. *Progressive amount – see the “Payout rules in Features” section below. Golden Symbols Four of the five symbols have both regular and golden variations. Playing with higher bets activates more golden symbols on the reels which also increases the number of enabled Jackpots and the chances of winning the special high multiplier. Bet Multiplier Progressive Increment % Jackpot payout multiplier 1/8 No Jackpots available - 1/18 Mini(0.60%) 5 1/38 Minor(0.20%), Mini(0.60%) 10 1/68 Major(0.15%), Minor(0.20%), Mini(0.60%) 200 1/88 Grand(0.05%), Major(0.15%), Minor(0.20%), Mini(0.60%) 1000 Wild Multiplier Feature The enhanced Wild symbol appears only on the third reel and substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter and regular Wild symbol. When an enhanced Wild is part of any winning combination, it multiplies all wins up to 5 times based on the bet amount. Free Spins When 3 or more Scatter symbols land on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, it triggers 8 Free Spins. The 9, 10, J, Q, K, A symbols do not appear during the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins feature can be retriggered. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 8, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Bet amount, divided by 18, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Bet amount, divided by 38, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Bet amount, divided by 68, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Bet amount, divided by 88, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. How the progressive amounts are calculated: Each progressive jackpot increases incrementally every time a bet is placed. The increment is added to the base progressive jackpot amount, which is a fixed multiplier of the total bet. When a jackpot is won, the progressive jackpot resets back to the base amount. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/8/2022