Ocean Kings Ocean Kings Game Help Set sail into the depths of the ocean with Ocean Kings, a stunning slot game teeming with marine life and endless treasures! Activate Shipwreck Boost Mode to amplify your chances of unlocking Free Spins and extend your gameplay for even greater rewards. Spin now and rule the seas! General Information Ocean Kings is a 10 win line game that features Free Spins, Expanding Wild and Shipwreck Boost mode. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 93.22% Feature Spin™ RTP 12 free spins 93.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 18 free spins 93.25% Feature Spin™ RTP 24 free spins 93.25% Buy Feature RTP 12 free spins 93.15% Buy Feature RTP 18 free spins 93.17% Buy Feature RTP 24 free spins 93.23% Shipwreck Boost mode RTP 93.22% Game Features EXPANDING WILD When wild symbol lands on the reel it expands to fill full reel. FREE SPINS FEATURE 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 12 Free Spins. 4 and 5 Free Spins symbols on the reels also award bonus winnings. 4 Free Spins symbols award x20 stake bonus winnings. 5 Free Spins symbols award x50 stake bonus winnings. Expanding Wild is active during Free Spins. Each Expanding Wild upgrades the lowest paying picture symbol to the second lowest paying picture symbol. 1, 2 or 3 Wilds also award 1, 3 or 5 additional free spins respectively during the feature. Free Spins symbols are still active during the feature. 3 or more Free spins symbols award 12 additional free spins. Bonus winnings for 4 and 5 free spins are the same to base game. Free Spins feature starts after clicking the "Start" button on the Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. SHIPWRECK BOOST MODE Shipwreck Boost mode doubles the stake and increases chances to win Free Spins feature. The paytable stays the same for base game but it doubles in Free Spins feature. To see the payouts, open Paytable on the current stake. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature/Shipwreck Boost mode. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: х40.00 stake when offered 12 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: х25.40 stake when offered 12 Free Spins х39.15 stake when offered 18 Free Spins х53.70 stake when offered 24 Free Spins -For Buy feature: х50.80 stake when offered 12 Free Spins х78.30 stake when offered 18 Free Spins х107.40 stake when offered 24 Free Spins -For Shipwreck Boost mode: х40.00 stake when offered 12 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Free Spins symbols are still active during the feature. 3 or more Free spins symbols award 12 additional free spins. 4 and 5 Free Spins symbols on the reels also award bonus winnings. 4 Free Spins symbols award x10 stake bonus winnings. 5 Free Spins symbols award x25 stake bonus winnings. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except Free Spins symbols) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Malfunction voids all pays. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 7/15/2025