Pets Go Wild About Pets Go Wild Pets Go Wild is a match 3 game packed with fun and unique features, cash prizes and intense player participation. The game features eight chapters to unlock. Each chapter featuring an exclusive bonus game leading Dexter and his friends to a new and exciting wild mission. BUBBLES OVERLAYS Blasting a tile under a bubble triggers the bubble feature. XP bubble - grants a XP boost with additional XP. The XP boost amount is changed as the game progresses. Cruise event star bubble - grants one cruise event star. Bonus bubble - triggers the bonus feature. LEVELS, CHAPTERS AND BONUS FEATURES Collect XP to advance in levels. Some new levels will unlock new chapters and others will grant an event star in case the cruise event is closed. The game has eight chapters, each with a unique bonus feature (except the beach day chapter). At the end of each bonus, the bonus win is added to the win of the game that activated the bonus. This does not apply to the free game bonuses. Chapter 1 - Beach day Plain board with no bonus feature. Chapter 2 - Film festival Bonus feature - Popcorn prizes Instant win bonus. Chapter 3 - Pets’ circus Bonus feature - Loony cannonSelect a circle, behind which is a pet and a prize. The selected pet is then propelled from the circus cannon. For every 100 feet of altitude, the multiplier increases by one. At the end of the pet’s flight, th e revealed prize is multiplied by the multiplier. Chapter 4 - Rock n’ roll Bonus feature - Rock legends Five free winning games.Free games are played at the same bet amount as the game that triggered the bonus. During each free game, 2, x3 and x5 multipliers appear over three tiles on the board. When blasting a tile under a multiplier the free game win is multiplied accordingly. Free games do not feature the XP boost, cruise event star or bonus bubbles. During free games, the player cannot change the game chapter or open the cruise event. Chapter 5 - Haunted house Bonus feature - Knock knock… Pick one of two doors to either win a prize or end the bonus game. A revealed prize is added to the total bonus win and a new pick is presented. Up to five picks per bonus game. Chapter 6 - Moon adventure Bonus feature - Zero gravity Play a 5x5 bonus board with moon tiles by blasting clusters of 3 or more identical tiles. Each tile blasted advances Robin the rabbit one milestone. Some milestones are marked with multipliers. As Robin advances the multiplier increases. The bonus game is over once there are no more clusters. The bonus game win is the bet amount multiplied by the last passed multiplier. Chapter 7 - Pets’ museum Bonus feature - Pets’ gallery Bonus game presents 10 art pieces to pick from. Eight of the art pieces hide a certain prize; two of the art pieces hide a multiplier. Once a hidden multiplier is revealed, the sum of the revealed prizes is multiplied by that multiplier, ending the bonus game. Chapter 8 - Safari blast Bonus feature - 10 times fun Single winning free game with x10 multiplier. Free game is played at the same bet amount as the game that triggered the bonus. Free games do not feature the XP boost, cruise event star or bonus bubbles. During free games, the player cannot change the game chapter or open the cruise event. CRUISE EVENT Cruise event is activated when five cruise event stars are collected. Cruise event games offer an additional 30% cash prize over all wins. Blasting a cluster of 777 tiles during a cruise event game grants X1000 win. After 10 games are played in the cruise event it is closed until an additional five cruise event stars are re-collected. Pets Go Wild payout Winning a board Blast clusters of 3 or more tiles to fill the pets bar. Each pet bar is filled with 7 blasted tiles. A full pet bar grants a prize:Bars can be filled multiple times. All wins are multiples of the bet. Cruise Even +30% cash prize to every win. Blast a 777 cluster to win x1000. Disconnection policy Due to the game’s communication medium nature, the player may experience interruptions, delays or a termination of gameplay. In the event of unexpected interruption or termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Should a disconnection occur after a bet has been placed but before the current game is complete, in your next game session you will be prompted to start the game you played before the interruption. Any malfunction in the game voids all payouts Last modification date: 1/10/2023