Turkey Burst GAME RULES Turkey Burst Game Help Take a break and come experience the healthy heartiness of the farm. You’ll get to enjoy plenty of activities, sumptuous rewards and heart-warming hospitality. If you want some wholesome festive fun, then Turkey Burst is just what you need. Pack your bags, the Turkeys can’t wait to see you! Turkey Burst is a 5x3 slot with 40 paylines and generous bonus features. Get ready to start gobbling up rewards when Turkey Coins land and are collected by the Turkeys above the reels, plus the Coins can randomly trigger the LOCK N SPIN Bonus feature that awards 3 Respins. Then, depending on the Coins collected, you could be blessed with a prize up to 500x or maybe even the Grand prize. Keep the Respins action flowing, because every time a new coin lands, it resets the Respins. Play Turkey Burst now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Turkey Burst has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features LOCK N SPIN BONUS The Turkeys above the reels collect their respective colour Turkey Coins and may also increase the size of the Turkey. Whenever one or more Turkey Coins appear on the reels during the base game, there is a chance that the LOCK N SPIN bonus feature will be triggered. The Turkeys that activated the Bonus, determine the starting coins and the coins during the feature. The bonus starts with 5 Bonus Coins and the burst Turkey Coin/s. Only Bonus Coins, Prize Coins (except GRAND) and respective burst Turkey Coins can appear during the feature. Possible values for Bonus Coins are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. Each Blue Turkey Coin that appears during the Bonus feature, activates the Cashier which awards a random value or Prize Coin values (except GRAND). Possible values are 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 250x or 500x current total bet. Each Red Turkey Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates a multiplier that multiplies all other coins by 2x and turns them into a random value. Possible values are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. Each Green Turkey Coin that appears during the Bonus feature activates the Collector which collects the values from all other coins except Prize Coins. The bonus starts with 3 Respins. All coins remain sticky during Respins. Each new coin resets the number of Respins to 3. The bonus feature ends when no more Respins remain or the reels are full. The GRAND PRIZE is awarded when all 15 positions are filled. Return to Player 96.1% Hit Rate 38.38% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a 30 days, as defined by the respective regulator/operator. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together and are awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/28/2025