Monster Blast GENERAL Monster Blast is a cool Match-3 adventure game of matching sweets and unlocking zany monsters for real cash prizes! The game features eight unlockable monsters, each with an exclusive sweet and wacky bonus. All wins are multiples of the bet. The theoretical payout of the game (RTP) is 95.10%. PROGRESSION Collect stars to advance in levels and unlock new monsters with new bonuses. Each tile blasted during a game gives a star. Completing achievements grants additional stars and boosts your level progression. Progression is saved and unlocked monsters and bonuses remain available when restarting the game. MONSTERS AND BONUSES There are 9 different monsters in the game. Each monster (except for the first one) has a unique bonus that is triggered by blasting a cluster of bonus tiles. Select a monster to play with from the available monsters in the monsters screen. Unlock new monsters by advancing levels. At the end of each bonus, the bonus win is added to the win of the game that triggered the bonus. This does not apply to free game bonuses. There are 8 different bonuses in the game: Chocolate Cake A fantastic chocolate cake with a surprise win. Lollipop Get 10 free games. Free games are played at the same bet amount as the game that triggered the bonus. Stars (or credit for achievements) are not given during free games. There are no bonus tiles in these free games. During free games you cannot change the monster currently at play. Fruit Cupcakes Select one out of six delicious cupcakes. Each one hides a different cash prize. Once you select a cupcake, a topping with a multiplier will be added automatically. Chocolate-Chip Cookie Play a mini game with cookie tiles by blasting clusters of 3 or more identical cookies. Each blasted cluster advances Toes one obstacle. Some obstacles are marked with multipliers. As Toes advances the multiplier increases. The bonus game is over when there are no more clusters left to blast. The bonus game win is the bet amount of the game that triggered the bonus multiplied by the last passed multiplier obstacle of the bonus game. Gumballs Five free winning games. During each free game, gumball tiles will be displayed on the board. If a gumball cluster is blasted, your game prize will be multiplied by x2, x3 or x5. Free games are played at the same bet amount as the game that triggered the bonus. Stars (or credit for achievements) are not given during free games. There are no bonus or Mega win tiles in these free games. During free games you cannot change the monster currently at play. Belgian Waffle A mouth-watering Belgian waffle with a surprise win. Sour Candies There are 12 extremely sour candies to choose from. 10 of the candies hide a cash prize; two of the candies hide a multiplier. Once a hidden multiplier is revealed, the sum of the previously revealed prizes is multiplied by that multiplier, ending the bonus game. Pancake One free winning game. The free game is played at the same bet amount as the game that triggered the bonus. During this free game, all candy bars are multiplied by 10. Stars (or credit for achievements) are not given during free games. There are no bonus or Mega win tiles in this free game. During the free game you cannot change the monster currently at play. MEGA WIN Blast a Mega win cluster to trigger the Mega win Prize Wheel. Spin the Prize Wheel to win prizes or get a chance to spin the Mega Prize Wheel and earn bigger prizes. ACHIEVEMENTS Complete achievements to earn stars. Some achievements have multiple steps, where each step completion grants stars. On game start you have two achievements open. New achievements will open automatically as you progress and level-up. Disconnection policy Due to the game's communication medium nature, the player may experience interruptions, delays, or a termination of gameplay. In the event of an unexpected interruption or termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Should a disconnection occur after a bet has been placed, but before the current game is complete, in your next game session you will be prompted to start the game you played before the interruption. Any malfunction in the game voids all payouts. Last modification date: 1/24/2023