Mythical Riches Mythical Riches Game Help The world of Aztec gods with spectacular Mexican panorama awaits you. The divine, colorful world of gods and goddesses. Tonatiuh the sun god, Tlaloc the god of rain, Xochiquetzal the beautiful Goddess of flowers, and Sitlalikue the shining goddess of stars are gathered to create a delightful entertaining experience. Enjoy the adventure, as you discover a world of bonuses, 3 in the base game, and a further 4 Free Spin features! As well as our innovative, one-of-a-kind mechanic Feature Spin™ for extra winning vibes. Spin and play! Experience this Aztec-themed slot magic! General Information There are 10 win lines in Mythical Riches. All awards (except scatters) pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Return to Player 95.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 95.14% Buy Feature RTP 95.14% Game Features Mystery Symbol Feature When Mystery symbol lands in view, it reveals a random symbol. If there is no existing win on the reels and no win is achieved via symbol, the revealed symbol sticks on the reels and free re-spins are awarded until a win is achieved. The symbols that are the same to the revealed symbol also stick on the reels for free re-spins. Sticky Wilds Feature Randomly, Wild symbol sticks in view and awards free re-spins until a win is achieved. Wild symbols that land during re-spin also stick on the reels untill the end of the feature. Lock And Re-Spin Feature Randomly, the winning combination is locked in and free re-spins are awarded until the win is no longer progressed. Free Spins feature Free Spins feature is triggered by 3 Free Spins symbols on reels 1-2-3. After matching 3 Free Spins symbols, ‘PICK ME’ board with 12 boxes appears. ‘PICK ME’ board allows to trigger one of the four Free Spins types. Select boxes to stack the same Free Spins character 3 times. Free Spins feature type corresponds to the first three matched characters. If no action is performed, every 15 seconds a random box is selected automatically. No Free Spins symbols available during Free Spins feature. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Corresponding Free Spins feature starts after clicking the “Start” button on Free Spins feature pop-up or after time out. Collection Free Spins 10 Free Spins where rose symbol collects attached cash amount from symbols when it lands on the reels. Mystery Symbol, Sticky Wilds and Lock And Re-spin features are active and can be triggered during Collection Free Spins. Wilds do not substitute for rose symbol. Conversion Free Spins 15 Free Spins where Conversion symbol converts picture symbols in order to the next picture symbol. When the first Conversion symbol lands in view, all flower god symbols are converted to rain god symbols from the next free spin. When the second Conversion symbol lands in view, all rain god symbols are converted to stars god symbols from the next free spin. When the third Conversion symbol lands in view, all stars god symbols are converted to sun god symbols from the next free spin. The fourth and the next Conversion symbols that land on the reels do not perform any functionality. Wilds do not substitute for Conversion symbol. Cash Free Spins 10 Free Spins with active cash symbols and inactive cash symbols only. Active cash symbols with values stick in untill the end of Free Spins when they land on the reels. All values are collected and awarded. Sticky Wilds Free Spins 12 Free Spins where Wild symbols stick on the reels until the end of the feature. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger one of Free Spins type instantly. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger one of Free Spins type. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only scatters symbols on the reels. They are played using a single win line with the following awards: Match 3 scatters on the reels to win Free Spins feature. After matching 3 Free Spins symbols, ‘PICK ME’ board with 12 boxes appears. ‘PICK ME’ board allows to trigger one of the four Free Spins types. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Malfunction voids all pays. Wilds symbols substitute for all wins except scatter. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the Auto button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds via the Auto button. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 12/1/2023