Lotus Dynasty GAME RULES Lotus Dynasty is a slot machine with 3 reels and 3 rows, which has 27 ways of winning and a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a line has more than one win, this line will be rewarded with the combination that produces the biggest win. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus and UP SYMBOL. On each spin, the winning symbols disappear, resulting in a respin where following a downward movement of the symbols above the slots, the new slots are filled with other symbols. The prizes obtained in this manner are added to the total prize. This process is repeated until there are no prizes left. INSTAPRIZE PANEL Whenever a combination of wins materialises, and such combination disappears and is replaced by symbols, the InstaPrize panel will be moved one step forward. At the end of a spin, the instant win indicated on the panel will be added to the winnings obtained through symbols. UP SYMBOL The Up symbol moves the InstaPrize panel one step forward. STICKY WILD Whenever there is a combination of wins that clears all the symbols from the screen, a Sticky Wild will appear among the new symbols. Each sticky wild symbol has 3 lives. Each time they are involved in a win, they lose one life. When all 3 lives have been used up, the symbol will disappear. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three Bonus symbols award 4 free spins. During the free spins feature, the InstaPrize panel will always start from the 3rd step. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance. A complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/29/2025