Three Samurai DRAGONS LUCK In the random Dragons Luck feature the two dragons blow colored fire corresponding to the color of one of the Samurai symbols. That Samurai will be turned into a Wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Symbol. The Dragons Luck feature reveals the fourth row of symbols thereby doubling the number of bet lines from 20 to 40. SAMURAI FREE SPINS The Samurai Free Spin is triggered by landing three bonus symbols present on reels 1, 3 and 5. Before the feature commences, the player gets to choose one out of four alternatives combining various numbers of spins and win multipliers. The Mystery Bonus is a random selection of spins and win multipliers. The selected Free Spins Samurai symbol is turned into a stacked symbol. Free Spins are played with the four rows of symbols and 40 bet lines. STACKED NUDGE When getting a win with the selected stacked Samurai symbol, the Stacked Nudge feature will attempt to push the Stacked Samurai symbols up- or down to cover additional reel positions and increase the win potential. STACKED WILDS If the stacked Samurai symbol lands or nudges to cover all four positions on a reel, a gem will be added to the reel's collect meter. When a reel's collect meter is full, one additional Free Spin is added and the stacked Samurai symbol will turn into a Stacked Wild on that reel for the remaining Free Spins and substitutes for all symbols. RULES & INFORMATION Three Samurai is a 5 reel, 3+1 row video slot with 20 bet lines in the base game and 40 bet lines during the bonus features. All bet lines are always played. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.42-96.48% and maximum win is 10000x bet. If the total win during a game round reach 10000x, the game round will be ended and the won amount will be paid out. Wilds substitute for all symbols except Bonus Symbols. Only the highest win combination per bet line is paid. A symbol can be used in multiple winning combinations. The game features four different volatility options for Free Spins. Each Free Spins bonus features a Stacked Symbol, a total win multiplier and a number of Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols triggers the Free Spins Bonus. Bonus game with Medium Volatility: RTP 96.42 Bonus game with High Volatility: RTP 96.45 Bonus game with Very High Volatility: RTP 96.48 Bonus game with Random Volatility: RTP 96.44 Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 16 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet size. Click to disable the game sounds. Click to enable the game sounds. Click to view the Autoplay menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay. Click the + or – buttons to change the Bet size. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Click to disable the quick spin. Click to enable the quick spin. Tab List Tab Function View the Paytable of the game. Modify the settings of the game.