Dragons of the North Game Overview Game Description Dragons of the North takes you back 1,500 years to a mystical world of fantasy and excitement, loaded with thrills, adventure and massive rewards. Four ferocious dragons have awoken, with the all-powerful fire dragon leading the assault in this truly epic 5-reel, 3-row slot. Dragons of the North is a 50 payline fantasy adventure slot overflowing with excitement. Stay alert for the Golden Dragon Egg, which triggers winning features. For fearsome wins, above each reel, are random values and jackpots that can pay out whenever the Golden Dragon Egg lands on the reels, during the base game and free spins. No action slot is complete without a free spins feature, and Dragons of the North rewards players with fiery Free Spins in the base game and the opportunity to win even more spins during the Free Spins. To really boost your bounty, the Jackpot Wheel is loaded with massive payouts and fierce BIG WINS! Grab your armour and sword and prepare for the ultimate battle and incredible rewards in Dragons of the North! Game Information Game winning lines: There are 50 winning lines in Dragons of the North. The wins are counted from left to right. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Special Reel Prizes – Above each reel, there are possible rewards which can be won when the Dragon Egg symbol lands on the reel. Prizes on reels 2 and 4 are locked in the base game. The winnings include a cash prize, Free Spins and a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. Random Multiplier – The random multiplier can increase the cash prizes above the reels. Jackpot Wheel – The player gets to spin the Jackpot Wheel if the Dragon Egg symbol lands on the reel with the Jackpot prize above it. Stacked Wilds and Reel Tilt – Wilds come in stacks of 3 and a random tilt might occur on some reels to reveal additional Wilds. Return to Player % Hit Rate % {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.table.maxWinProbability.name}} {{gameModel.langKeys.helpPage.overview.table.maxWinProbability.desc}} Game Features Special Reel Prizes Above each reel, there are special prizes that change in each round. During the base game, the prizes above reels 2 and 4 are locked, but they are available during the free spins. To receive the prizes in both the base game and the free spins, you need the Dragon Egg symbol to land on any spot on the reel. When it does, the player is rewarded with the prize above this reel, at the current spin. The possible rewards are: Cash Prize – Multiplier win based on the total bet for that particular spin Free Spins – The player wins 10 free spins. During the Free Spins, the prizes above reels 2 and 4 are unlocked. An additional 2 free spins can be won if the Dragon Egg lands on reels 1, 3 and 5 again and the prize above the reel is Free Spins. Jackpots – The player wins the chance to spin the Jackpot wheel. This guarantees that one of four types of jackpots will be won - Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. Mini – x15 multiplier of the bet amount Minor – x35 multiplier of the bet amount Major – x250 multiplier of the bet amount Grand – x1000 multiplier of the bet amount * The Dragon Egg symbol acts also as a Wild in both the Base game and Free Spins. Random Multiplier There is a random multiplier in both the base game and the free spins which can increase the cash prizes above the reels by x2, x5 or x10. Stacked Wilds and Reel Tilt The Wilds in the game come in stacks of three. The reels tilt at random and reveal additional Wilds, giving the player a chance of higher winnings. Playing the Game To play a round, configure your bet using the Bet Plus / Minus buttons, and press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward it to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button. Payout Rules There are different coin values that can be set by using the COIN VALUE + and - buttons. COIN VALUE represents the value in currency of each coin. There are different bet amounts that can be set by using the BET + and - buttons. BET represents the number of coins that the player bets per round. Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. A line win in credits or currency is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE, multiplied by the line bet amount. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Info button . All symbol multipliers can be found in the Symbol screen in the Info pages. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, multiplied by the symbol multiplier, divided by the number of paylines (50). Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Jackpot wins use the bet amount that was used in the round that activated the Jackpot feature. The cash prizes above the reels are linked to the bet amount. Increasing or decreasing your bet will have a corresponding effect on the cash prizes. The prize awarded will be multiplied by the random multiplier (x2, x5, x10) if it appears. Game Controls Game Buttons Image Name Description Spin Starts a round Stop Stops the reels Skip Skips the win animations Bet +/- Increases or decreases the bet amount Win Displays the current win amount and currency Balance Displays the player's current balance Volume Control Enables or mutes the sound effects and ambiance sounds Toggle Screen Size (desktop only) Opens and closes the game's full screen Home (optional) Directs the player to the website's home URL Cashier (optional, desktop only) Directs the player to the cashier or the “My Account” page Help Opens the Help page. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Info Opens the info and paytable screens. (On mobile, this button can be accessed by clicking on the settings button) Settings Opens the settings panel (On mobile, this button toggle settings menu ON/OFF) Close Settings Panel (desktop only) Close active settings panel Last modification date: 6/1/2022