Gustav Minebuster Vendor Red Rake Gaming Version Gustav Minebuster Type of game Videoslot Geometry 8 x 8 Technology HTML5 Progressive jackpots No Bonus feature This game has a bonus feature that consists of several free plays. Return to the Player 95.5% Autoplay mode Yes, under the required UKGC technical standards. GAME RULES GUSTAV MINEBUSTER is a slot machine with 8 reels and 8 rows, and it also has a free spins feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and the prizes are decided according to the PAYTABLE. The wins that appear in this table have the value of the currency that is being played with during those moments. Wins are achieved by lining up 5 or more of the same symbols, as long as they are in contact with each other either vertically or horizontally. Dwarfs are WILD and replace all other symbols. They can be involved in more than one win. They will not disappear after contributing to a win. They will move to an adjacent free space and will remain fixed in that position until the gaps have been filled with new symbols. Each WILD symbol has a multiplier that will be applied to any win that it is involved in. The multiplier begins as 1X and increases by 1 each time the WILD symbol moves after having contributed to a win. The Dynamite may be triggered randomly after a spin or a respin with no win. One or several dynamites will move to the symbol area and explode, replacing all the symbols in the area with new gemstone symbols of the same type. The maximum win per spin is capped at 20,000 times the total bet. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE If 5 or more respins link up during the regular feature then you get access to the “Free Spins Feature”. The number of free spins is determined according to the number of respins in a row on the spin that led to the phase. As soon as you begin the free spins feature, 3 dwarfs will be placed in certain starting positions. The dwarfs will remain there throughout the entire free spins feature, even after a spin with no win. The maximum win for the free spin stage is limited to 20,000 times the bet which triggered the stage. If at the end of the free spins feature the total win is less than 20 times the bet that activated the feature, 1 extra free spin will be triggered. Extra free spins will continue to be awarded until the total win of the feature exceeds the previously mentioned minimum of 20 times the bet. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the ‘Historical Betting’ interface. The maximum win from a single game is £200,000 Last modification date: 11/16/2020