12 Super Hot Diamonds Ultimate Diamonds are everyone’s best friend in this fiery fruit slot! 12 Super Hot Diamonds Ultimate combines old-school Vegas vibes, complete with juicy fruits, 7s, and Wilds, but with epic modern features that make this one of the hottest slots you’ll ever play. Set the reels ablaze as you spin this 5x3 slot with 20 paylines. Landing 3 or more Diamonds triggers the Diamond Collect feature. The more Diamonds you collect, the bigger the cash prize. Fuel your winning streak with the Hold N Spin bonus, which can trigger randomly during any base game spin. During this feature, only Diamond or Bonus symbols appear across 5 respins, and all symbols that land become sticky for even more chances to win. When 3 or more Bonus symbols land, you’ll ignite 5 Free Spins, where the Guaranteed Diamond feature continues from the base game with increasing payouts. In addition, every Diamond that lands award an extra Free Spin. Turn your spins into wins. Play 12 Super Hot Diamonds Ultimate now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: 12 Super Hot Diamonds Ultimate has 20 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features DIAMOND COLLECT Three or more Diamond symbols in the base game trigger the Diamond Collect feature. The number of Diamond symbols that landed determines the cash prize award. HOLD N SPIN The Hold N Spin bonus can trigger randomly on any base game spin. 5 respins are awarded. Only Diamond or Bonus symbols can appear during the feature. All symbols that land become sticky during respins. Respins counter does not reset during the feature. At the end of respins, the number of Diamonds on screen determines the prize awarded. Plus, if 3 Bonus symbols landed during the respins, the Free Spins feature is awarded. Max possible win from feature: 12 Diamonds + 3 Bonus symbols. GUARANTEED DIAMONDS Value in Guaranteed Diamonds in Free Spins meter may increase by +1 when 2 Bonus symbols land on reels 2 and 3 during the base game. The maximum possible value in this meter is 5. FREE SPINS 5 Free Spins are awarded when 3 Bonus symbols land in the base game. Free Spins can also be won during the Hold N Spin bonus. Guaranteed Diamonds continues from the base game. Guaranteed Diamonds count increases when a Diamond lands during Free Spins, and +1 Free Spin is added. At the end of the Free Spins, a cash prize is awarded as per the collected diamonds during the Free Spins. Guaranteed Diamonds value resets after completing the Free Spins. Bonus symbol does not appear during Free Spins. Return to Player 93.97% Hit Rate 34.74% Volatility Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins Last modification date: 3/25/2026