Princess Celina and the Frog Princess Celina and the Frog Game Help In a magical place, far, far away lives a beautiful princess called Celina, and a prince that was enchanted into a frog, but Princess Celina doesn’t know. Now is your opportunity to help give Princess Celina the happy fairytale ending she deserves, and for your efforts, you will be rewarded generously. Princess Celina and the Frog is a 5x3, 25-payline slot that transports you to a magical kingdom filled with precious rewards. When Princess Celina lands on the first reel during the base game, she becomes a Moving Wild and makes her way across the reels to form more wins. Whenever Celina meets up with the Frog on her right-hand side, it activates the Enchantment Wheel that awards extra enhancements for the Free Spins that follow. Want to break the spell sooner? Select the “Buy Bonus” option to instantly activate the Enchantment Wheel and Free Spins. Help Princess Celina make her fairytale dreams come true. Play Princess Celina and the Frog now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Princess Celina and the Frog has 25 winning lines. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 Game Features MOVING WILD Moving Wild positions are reset when the bet is changed. Returning to a previous bet amount will restore the Moving Wilds linked to that bet amount. Princess Celina may appear on the first reel during the base game. After landed, each time the spin button is clicked, she moves one reel on the same row to the right by acting as a Wild during her walk. The Moving Wild feature ends after Free Spins. ENCHANTMENT WHEEL Princess symbol meets with a Frog on her right side at the same row, triggers Enchantment Wheel. Enchantment Wheel can also be triggered via Buy Bonus during the base game. It has 2 options as possible and guaranteed enhancements for "Kiss the Frog!" Free Spins game. Enchantment Wheel offers a combination of winning additional Free Spins, additional Multipliers and more Frogs for Free Spins. FREE SPINS Free Spins begin with the awarded prizes after the Enchantment Wheel game ends. During Free Spins, only the first row spins and for each column, Frogs try to reach to the top to claim the random awards. After the reel prize award is claimed, the multiplier counter increases and +1 Free Spin is awarded. New award appears on the top of the reel randomly and a Frog shows up again for the next spin to jump. BUY BONUS The "Buy Bonus" button is active in the base game only. Pay 80x total bet to play Enchantment Wheel with "possible rewards" for 7 Free Spins Pay 200x total bet to play Enchantment Wheel with "guaranteed rewards" for 7 Free Spins Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus type 1 94.03% Return to Player (RTP) with Buy Bonus type 2 94.04% Return to Player 94.04% Hit Rate 34.73% BUY BONUS The "Buy Bonus" button is active in the base game only. Buy Bonus – Instantly activates the Free Spins anytime during the base game. Pay 80x total bet to play Enchantment Wheel with "possible rewards" for 7 Free Spins Pay 200x total bet to play Enchantment Wheel with "guaranteed rewards" for 7 Free Spins Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP Princess Celina and the Frog has win cap of 10,000x the current bet amount per game round. The maximum win may be reached by triggering any specific combinations and/or features. If the maximum win is reached during the Free Spins; win amount is paid and Free Spins round ends immediately. Payout rules in Features Activating boost feature doesn't impact Max Exposure of the game as payouts are calculated on the base bet. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/19/2025