King of the Trident Deluxe The legendary Poseidon returns in the next thrilling chapter of King of the Trident. In this aquatic quest, the king of the sea gods will guide you to the depths of the ocean. Then, with the Trident Adventure Map, you will make your way through the colossal underwater city of Poseidon where you will meet mystical sea creatures and uncover priceless treasures. King of the Trident Deluxe – Heroes & Legends Edition, with its unique 3,3,3,6,6 reel layout, is a true adventure slot overflowing with features. Gold tokens will appear randomly and are added to the token meter. Each time the token meter is full, you advance on the Trident Adventure Journey map and cash prizes are awarded. As you complete a full stage, the Legendary Super Free Spins is triggered, each time with bigger prizes and unique features, including fused reels and mirrored symbols. Play King of the Trident Deluxe and immerse yourself in the ultimate underwater adventure! Game Information Game winning ways: There are 972 ways to win in King of the Trident Deluxe. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 972 ways Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 | 2x6 Game Features · Giant Respin · Free Spins · Trident's Adventure Journey Return to Player 96.25% Hit Rate 15.63% Game Features Giant Respin Reels 1, 2, and 3 participate in the Giant Respins feature. The Giant Respins feature triggers when all symbols (excluding the Wild and Scatter symbols) on reels 1, 2, and 3 land with lit backgrounds. Then, reels 1, 2, and 3 transform into one giant reel, while reels 4 and 5 remain as normal. The re-spin then takes place during which the giant reel with its’ 3x3 symbols will stop, followed by reels 4 and 5 to form winning combinations. Free Spins When 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it awards 8, 12 or 40 Free Spins respectively. During the Free Spins, reels 4 and 5 merge to form 2x2 symbols. Additional free spins, up to a maximum of 20, can be won when scatter symbols appear during the free spins feature as follows: 1 Scatter adds 2 Free Spin 2 Scatter adds 4 Free Spin Trident's Adventure Journey During the base game, when gold tokens appear on any symbol, they are collected to fill the tokens meter. When the meter is full, the Trident Adventure Journey map displays and the player advances along the route shown on the map. As the player progresses between the stages, cash prizes are awarded. Each time a full stage is completed, it triggers the Legendary Super Free Spins. Each stage's Legendary Free Spins has unique features. The further the player advances, the bigger the prizes. The Trident Adventure Journey consists of 4 main stages. Each stage has a number of steps before advancing to the next stage and triggering the Legendary Free Spins for that stage. The stages and respective multipliers are as follows: Green Castle Stage - 3 steps with 3x-10x multipliers Blue Castle Stage - 4 steps with 4x-12x multipliers Purple Castle Stage - 5 steps with 6x-15x multipliers Red Castle Stage - 6 steps with 8x-20x multipliers Legendary Super Free Spins During the Legendary Super Free Spins, the reels change to a 6,6,3,3,3 layout. Green Castle Stage: Awards 10 Legendary Super Free Spins with reels 1 and 2 fused, and reel 5 mirrors the symbols of the fused reels Blue Castle Stage: Awards 10 Legendary Super Free Spins with reels 1 and 2 fused, and reels 4 and 5 mirror the symbols of the fused reels. Purple Castle Stage: Awards 10 Legendary Super Free Spins with reels 1 and 2 fused, and reels 3 and 5 mirror the symbols of the fused reels. Red Castle Stage: Awards 10 Legendary Super Free Spins with reels 1 and 2 fused, and reels 3 and 4 mirror the symbols of the fused reels. Any retrigger adds 2 extra Free Spins. All progress on the Adventure Journey Map is saved when exiting the game and restored upon launching the game again. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 50, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen Last modification date: 7/27/2022