Olympus Lightning Olympus Lightning Game Help The heavens are rumbling as the Titans unleash their fury, sending storms crashing down upon Olympus. Now is your time to harness the power of the gods and claim legendary riches as you spin the reels of Olympus Lightning. The epic action ignites in the base game when Thunder Spheres featuring values up to 100x on them and a Collect symbol land together. Then, all values on the spheres are summed and awarded. Your heavenly quest continues when 6+ Thunder Spheres land and trigger the Hold N Respin feature that awards 3 respins. The triggering spheres, and all coins that land during the feature become sticky. Every new Thunder Sphere that lands, resets the respins to 3 and at the conclusion of the Respins, all values on the Thunder spheres are added together and awarded. The Free Spins feature is triggered when Lightning Bolt symbols land anywhere with a Collect symbol. The sum of the values on the Lightning Bolt symbols determines the number of Free Spins to be awarded. If 6+ Thunder Spheres land simultaneously during the Free Spins, the Hold N Respin is awarded with values on the spheres reaching up to 100x. Reach the heavens and play Olympus Lightning! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Olympus Lightning has 25 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 25 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features COIN COLLECT The Collect symbol awards the values of all Thunder Spheres or Lightning Bolt symbols on the screen. Collect symbol can only appear on the last reel. 6+ THUNDER SPHERES TRIGGER THE HOLD N RESPIN FEATURE! Possible Thunder Sphere values in base game: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x or 100x. Possible Thunder Sphere values in Hold N Respin and Free Spins: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 25x or 100x. FREE SPINS The Free Spins feature is triggered by collecting Lightning Bolt symbols. The values on Lightning bolt symbols are the number of Free Spins that can potentially be won. When Lightning Bolt symbols land anywhere along with a Collect symbol, the sum of the values on the Lightning Bolt symbols determines the number of Free Spins to be awarded. Possible Lightning bolt values are: +2 FS, +3 FS or +5 FS. Lightning bolt symbols can land on any reel except the last one. Lightning bolt only appears during the base game. The rules of the Free Spins follow the rules of the main game. If 6+ Thunder Spheres land simultaneously during the Free Spins, the Hold N Respin is awarded. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during the feature. When the Free Spins feature ends, a banner displays the total Free Spins winnings. HOLD N RESPIN FEATURE The feature is triggered by getting 6 or more Thunder Spheres anywhere on the reels. The feature starts with 3 Respins. All Thunder Spheres that triggered the feature, and all coins that land during the feature become sticky. Every new Thunder Sphere that lands, resets the Respin counter to 3. Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the feature. Respins wins are added to any initial wins. At the end of the Respins, all values on the Thunder spheres are added together and awarded. The feature ends when no more Respins remain or the reels are full. Filling all 15 positions with Thunder Spheres awards the GRAND. Return to Player 94.15% Hit Rate 39.15% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/23/2025