Wild West Bandits It’s said that there are great fortunes to be made in the Wild West, especially as a bounty hunter who can bring bandits to justice. Now is your time to shine, so saddle up, grab your pistols and let’s head out to the West for some of the wildest action and to claim the massive rewards. Wild West Bandits is a 5x4 slot that will have you screaming yeehaw with excitement! Take your aim and start bringing in the loot whenever a Pistols symbol lands, which places a Locked Frame on the reel position. Then, on 8th spins, all Locked Frames turn into Wilds. Round up even more wins with the Bonus feature that triggers when 3 Bonus symbols appear. Then, watch as 3 Respins play out with Multipliers, Collectors and Payer symbols that ignite the winning action! Want to bag some bounties even quicker, simply select the Buy Bonus option anytime during the base game. Take the reins and Play Wild West Bandits now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: Wild West Bandits has 20 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Number of Paylines 20 Game Features LOCKED FRAMES When a Pistols symbol appears anywhere on the reels, it will leave a Locked Frame on that position. On the 8th spin, all Locked Frames transform into Wild symbols. BONUS FEATURE 3 Bonus symbols on the reels trigger the Bonus feature. The Multiplier will multiply the values of all bags on the screen by a random value from 2x-5x and then it converts into a Bag symbol with a cash value. The Collector symbol will collect the values of all bags on the screen and then it converts into a Bag symbol with the collected cash value. The Payer symbol increases the value of all bags on the screen by a random value from 1-10 x total bet and then it converts into a Bag symbol with a cash value. The bonus starts with 3 Bonus symbols transforming into bag symbols and 3 respins. Landing of each new symbol on the reels, resets the number of respins to 3. The bonus feature ends when no more respins remain or the reels are full. At the end of the Bonus feature, all cash values on the reels are awarded. Also Bonus symbol can’t appear on the 8th spin, so both features can’t trigger on same spin. Return to Player (RTP) - BUY BONUS 96.09% Return to Player 96.06% Hit Rate 16.23% Volatility BUY BONUS Activate the Bonus Feature anytime during the base game with the "Buy Bonus" option. The Bonus feature can be instantly triggered from the base game at a cost of 75x the current total bet. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbol are added together and are awarded. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 10,000x the current bet amount per game round. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 1/15/2025