Joker Diamond GAME RULES Joker Diamond Game Help The Joker is ready to put on a spectacular show for you, but this is unlike any circus you’ve been to before. As you take in the captivating sights and sounds, prepare to be showered with endless entertainment and lavish prizes. To get the show started, all you need to do is start spinning the reels! Joker Diamond is a 5x3, 50-payline slot filled with riveting features and massive rewards. Above each reel, are generous cash prizes and Free Spins that can be won when a Diamond symbol lands during the base game or Free Spins. Plus, if a Diamond symbol lands on a reel with ‘Collect Pots’ on it, you get to spin a wheel to win the Mini, Minor, Major or Grand prize. Take your winnings to the next level with random cash prize multipliers, Stacked Wilds and more. Play Joker Diamond now and get ready to be spellbound! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 50 winning lines in Joker Diamond. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 50 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5X3 Game Features Reel Prizes Feature – Above each reel, there are possible prizes which can be won when the Diamond symbol lands on the reel. Prizes on reels 2 and 4 are locked in the base game. The possible prizes include a Cash Prize, Free Spins and a spin of the Collect Pots Wheel. Random Multiplier – There is a random multiplier in both the base game and the free spins which can increase the cash prizes above the reels by x2, x3 or x5. Collect Pots Wheel – The player gets to spin the Collect Pots Wheel if the Diamond symbol lands on the reel with a Collect Pots prize above it. Stacked Wilds and Reel Tilt – Wilds land in stacks of 3 and a random tilt might occur on some reels to reveal additional Wilds. Free Spins – When a Diamond symbol lands anywhere on a reel with a Free Spins prize above it, the Free Spins are triggered. Return to Player 95.99% Hit Rate 36.81% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/14/2023