Santas Snowball Roller Bundle up for a frosty adventure in Santas Snowball Roller — where holiday cheer meets big wins in a snow-covered Alpine town! Grab your mittens, take aim, and spin the reels — in Santas Snowball Roller, the snowballs may be cold, but the wins are red-hot! General Information Santas Snowball Roller has 3 reels and 5 win lines in base game and feature Santas Snowball Roller. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 5 lines Number of Reels and Rows 3x3 Return to Player 93.22% RTP was calculated using math model on 10,000,000,000 rounds. Game Features SANTAS SNOWBALL ROLLER Santas Snowball Roller feature is activated when 3 Snowball symbols land on reels 1, 2 and 3 on an active win line. One of the multipliers (x2.5, x2.5, x5, x5, x10, x10, x25, x25, x50, x500) is awarded at each offer in the feature. It’s possible to choose ‘Take Offer’ or ‘Try Again’. If ‘Try Again’ is pressed then another offer is given. If ‘Take Offer’ is pressed then the offered winnings are collected and the feature finishes. 4 offers is a maximum in the feature. Winnings are collected on the last offer. x500 stake is a maximum offered winnings. If x500 stake is offered then the winnings are collected and the feature finishes no matter how many offers are left. The best strategy is to take winnings when the offer is more than: — For base game: x40.50 stake on the first offer; x31.20 stake on the second offer; x19.94 stake on the third offer. If no selection is made, the best strategy will be selected automatically after timeout. CHERRY SYMBOL Cherry symbol acts as a paying symbol: 1 Cherry symbol pays x1 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 different symbols and the Cherry symbol on the payline except the Cherry symbol in combination with different Bar symbols). 2 Cherry symbol pays x5 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 Cherry symbols and a Blank or Snowball symbol). Cherry symbol also acts like a wild to make a winning combination and to multiply it: 1 Cherry symbol on payline pays x3 winning combination. 2 Cherry symbols on payline pays x9 winning combination. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on the active win line only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $133,250.00. Winnings on different lines are added up. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Santas Snowball Roller feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 12/16/2025