Buffalo and Friends WILD MULTIPLIER may appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. At the start of any wagered game, each may be replaced by or Each or will multiply reel power and scatter wins for that spin by 2 or 3 respectively. During any free game, each that appears will multiply reel power and scatter wins for that spin by 2 or 3. BUFFALO FREEGAMES FEATURE Any may trigger Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli. Any may trigger Buffalo Free Games with Cashman. Any may trigger Buffalo Free Games with Wicked Winnings. If only Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli is triggered in the spin, Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli is awarded. If only Buffalo Free Games with Cashman is triggered in the spin, Buffalo Free Games with Cashman is awarded. If only Buffalo Free Games with Wicked Winnings is triggered in the spin, Buffalo Free Games with Wicked Winnings is awarded. If only Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli and Buffalo Free Games with Cashman are triggered in the same spin, Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli and Cashman is awarded. If only Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli and Buffalo Free Games with Wicked Winnings are triggered in the same spin, Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli and Wicked Winnings is awarded. If only Buffalo Free Games with Cashman and Buffalo Free Games with Wicked Winnings are triggered in the same spin, Buffalo Free Games with Cashman and Wicked Winnings is awarded. If Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli, Buffalo Free Games with Cashman and Buffalo Free Games with Wicked Winnings are triggered in the same spin, Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli, Cashman and Wicked Winnings is awarded. Whenever 3 or more , or appear, one BUFFALO FREE GAMES FEATURE will always be awarded as explained in above rules. For any BUFFALO FREE GAMES FEATURE trigger, bonus prizes and initial number of free games awarded are determined by the number of , or in the triggering spin. Press the PLAY button or touch the start feature banner to start the BUFFALO FREE GAMES FEATURES. 2, 3, 4 or 5 in any one set of reels, award additional 5, 8, 15 or 20 free games respectively. only appears during any BUFFALO FREE GAMES FEATURE. BUFFALO FREE GAMES WITH MORE CHILLI Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli Feature starts with 2 unlocked sets of reels. Collect 9 and 14 to unlock 3rd and 4th set of reels respectively. Once a is collected, it will change to for that free game only. Once all sets of reels are unlocked, will no longer appear. If any set of reels is unlocked in the last free game and no additional free games are won, one extra free game is awarded. All sets of reels play independently. BUFFALO FREE GAMES WITH CASHMAN During the free games, Cashman may randomly appear and award the following bonuses: Bonus 1: After any winning free game with a reel power win, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier may randomly be awarded and applied to all reel power wins for that free game. Bonus 2: After any non winning free game, randomly all reels may Respin once. If still there is no reel power win after the Respin, (0.6 - 10) Coins multiplied by Bet are awarded as shown on the screen. Bonus 3: After any non winning free game, up to 14 symbols may randomly be converted to for that free game only. Bonus 4: After any free game, random pick may award 2-15 free games or (2 - 50) Coins multiplied by Bet as shown on the screen. Outcome of the pick not influenced by the player input. Bonus 2 and Bonus 3 can not be awarded together after any non winning free game. Bonus 4 can only be awarded if no other Cashman Bonus is awarded in that free game spin. In Bonus 2, if there is a reel power win during the Respin, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier will also be awarded for that Respin. BUFFALO FREE SPINS WITH WICKED WINNINGS Any which lands during the free games, will expand into and award one Respin. During the Respin, reel/reels with is/are held and rest of the reels spin once. Any new during the Respin, will expand to and award another Respin. converts to stack of 4 before and after the Respin and substitutes for other symbols if part of any win. Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli and Cashman Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli And Cashman Feature starts with 2 unlocked sets of reels. Collect 9 and 14 to unlock 3rd and 4th set of reels respectively. Once a is collected, it will change to for that free game only. Once all sets of reels are unlocked, will no longer appear. If any set of reels is unlocked in the last free game and no additional free games are won, one extra free game is awarded. All sets of reels play independently.After any free game, Cashman may randomly appear next to one or more sets of reels and award the following bonuses to the corresponding set of reels: Bonus 1: After any winning free game with a reel power win, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier may randomly be awarded and applied to all reel power wins for that free game. Bonus 2: For any set of reels with no win, all reels may randomly Respin once. If still there is no reel power win after the Respin, (0.6 - 10) Coins multiplied by Bet are awarded as shown on the screen. Bonus 3: For any set of reels with no win, up to 14 symbols may randomly be converted to for that free game only. Bonus 4: For any set of reels, random pick may award 2-15 free games or (2 - 50) Coins multiplied by Bet as shown on the screen. Outcome of the pick not influenced by the player input. Bonus 2 and Bonus 3 can not be awarded together for a set of reels with no win. Bonus 4 can only be awarded to any set of reels if no other Cashman Bonus to that set of reels is awarded in that free game spin. In Bonus 2, if there is a reel power win during the Respin, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier will also be awarded for that Respin. Buffalo Free Games with Cashman and Wicked Winnings During the free games, Cashman may randomly appear and award the following bonuses: Bonus 1: After any winning free game with a reel power win, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier may randomly be awarded and applied to all reel power wins for that free game. Bonus 2: After any non winning free game, randomly all reels may Respin once. If still there is no reel power win after the Respin, (0.6 - 10) Coins multiplied by Bet are awarded as shown on the screen. Bonus 3: After any non winning free game, up to 14 symbols may randomly be converted to for that free game only. Bonus 4: After any free game, random pick may award 2-15 free games or (2 - 50) Coins multiplied by Bet as shown on the screen. Outcome of the pick not influenced by the player input. Bonus 2 and Bonus 3 can not be awarded together after any non winning free game. Bonus 4 can only be awarded if no other Cashman Bonus is awarded in that free game spin. In Bonus 2, if there is a reel power win during the Respin, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier will also be awarded for that Respin. Any which lands during the free games, will expand into and award one Respin. During the Respin, reel/reels with is/are held and rest of the reels spin once. Any new during the Respin, will expand to and award another Respin. converts to stack of 4 before and after the Respin and substitutes for other symbols if part of any win. During any free game, no Cashman bonus will be awarded if lands, expands to and awards a Respin. Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli And Wicked Winnings Feature Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli And Wicked Winnings Feature starts with 2 unlocked sets of reels. Collect 9 and 14 to unlock 3rd and 4th set of reels respectively. Once a is collected, it will change to for that free game only. Once all sets of reels are unlocked, will no longer appear. If any set of reels is unlocked in the last free game and no additional free games are won, one extra free game is awarded. All sets of reels play independently. Any which lands during the free games, will expand into and award one Respin for the corresponding set of reels. During Respin, reel/reels with is/are held and rest of the reels spin once. Any new during the Respin, will expand to and award another Respin. converts to stack of 4 before and after the Respin and substitutes for other symbols if part of any win. Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli, Cashman And Wicked Winnings Buffalo Free Games with More Chilli, Cashman And Wicked Winnings Feature starts with 2 unlocked sets of reels. Collect 9 and 14 to unlock 3rd and 4th set of reels respectively. Once a is collected, it will change to for that free game only. Once all sets of reels are unlocked, will no longer appear. If any set of reels is unlocked in the last free game and no additional free games are won, one extra free game is awarded. All sets of reels play independently. After any free game, Cashman may randomly appear next to one or more sets of reels and award the following bonuses to the corresponding set of reels: Bonus 1: After any winning free game with a reel power win, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier may randomly be awarded and applied to all reel power wins for that free game. Bonus 2: For any set of reels with no win, all reels may randomly Respin once. If still there is no reel power win after the Respin, (0.6 - 10) Coins multiplied by Bet are awarded as shown on the screen. Bonus 3: For any set of reels with no win, up to 14 symbols may randomly be converted to for that free game only. Bonus 4: For any set of reels, random pick may award 2-15 free games or (2 - 50) Coins multiplied by Bet as shown on the screen. Outcome of the pick not influenced by the player input. Bonus 2 and Bonus 3 can not be awarded together for a set of reels with no win. Bonus 4 can only be awarded to any set of reels if no other Cashman Bonus to that set of reels is awarded in that free game spin. In Bonus 2, if there is a reel power win during the Respin, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier will also be awarded for that Respin. Any which lands during the free games, will expand into and award one Respin for the corresponding set of reels. During the Respin, reel/reels with is/are held and rest of the reels spin once Any new during the Respin, will expand to and award another Respin. converts to stack of 4 before and after the Respin and substitutes for other symbols if part of any win. During any free game, no Cashman bonus will be awarded for that set of reels in which lands, expands to and awards a Respin. GAME RULES All pays XTRA REEL POWER™ cost is 40 Coins. Bet is 40 Coins x Coin Size. Highest win paid per winning combination. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. Prizes awarded during Cashman Bonus 2 and 4, wins and Bonus Prizes awarded during any BUFFALO FREE GAMES FEATURE trigger are added to XTRA REEL POWER™ wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.