Eternal Dawn Paytable Eternal Dawn is a 5x4 video slot with 30 Bet Lines. The game features the Wild Drop feature, a Free Spins Bonus, and a Super Free Spins Bonus. The maximum win is 14720x bet! Wild Drop During any base game spin, the Wild Drop feature can randomly be triggered, adding 3 to 5 Wild symbols with multipliers to the reels. The Wild symbols in Wild Drop always appear one per reel, starting from leftmost reel. Each Wild symbol can appear during the Base Game with a multiplier value of x2, x3, x4, x5, or x10. When substituting in a win, Wild symbols with multipliers apply their multiplier value to the win. If two or more Wild symbols with multipliers are on a winning bet line, their multiplier values will add together before being applied to the win. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by landing 3 or more Free Spins Bonus symbols in the base game, awarding 5 Free Spins, and introducing a Golden Roaming Wild symbol that moves to a random position on the reels before each spin. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus with 3, 4, or 5 Bonus Symbols will start the Bonus collection at 3, 4, or 5 Bonus Symbols, respectively. Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols during the Free Spins Bonus retriggers the feature, awarding 5 additional Free Spins at that stage. Wild symbols that land become Roaming Wilds, that move to new positions between each spin but they do not carry multipliers. The Multiplier Meter tracks progression through the Free Spins stages. Each stage is activated by collecting a specified number of Bonus Symbols and awards 5 additional Free Spins along with upgraded stage multipliers. Stage 2: Collect 6 Bonus Symbols for 5 additional Free Spins with a x2 Stage Multiplier. Stage 3: Collect 9 Bonus Symbols for 5 additional Free Spins with a x3 Stage Multiplier. Stage 4: Collect 13 Bonus Symbols for 5 additional Free Spins with a x4 Stage Multiplier. Stage 5: Collect 17 Bonus Symbols for 5 additional Free Spins with a x10 Stage Multiplier. All Free Spins of the current stage are completed before advancing to the next stage. The Free Spins Bonus starts with one unfilled Golden Roaming Wild starting at x1 multipier. When a stage is completed, the unfilled Golden Roaming Wild symbol collects all Roaming Wilds on the reels, and for each Roaming Wild collected, the Golden Roaming Wild multiplier is increased by 1. The Golden Roaming Wild then becomes filled, and all Roaming Wilds are removed from the screen. Before the start of the next stage, a new unfilled Golden Roaming Wild is added, with its multiplier starting at the current stage multiplier. Super Free Spins Bonus The Super Free Spins Bonus is awarded by triggering Free Spins with a Super Bonus symbol. During Super Free Spins, all Stage Multipliers are doubled. The features from the Free Spins Bonus are also present in the Super Free Spins Bonus. Super Bonus symbols do not appear during Super Free Spins Bonus. However, landing 3 or more Bonus symbols retriggers the feature and awards 5 additional Free Spins in the current stage. Fast Track gains direct access to the game's features. Fast Track features can only be activated in the base game. All game rules apply for Fast Track features. Super Free Spins Bonus (RTP: 94.43%) : Guarantees a game round triggering Super Free Spins Bonus at the cost of 400x the selected bet. Free Spins Bonus (RTP: 94.26%) : Guarantees a game round triggering Free Spins Bonus at the cost of 100x the selected bet. Wild Drop (RTP: 94.25%) : Guarantees a game round triggering Wild Drop at the cost of 40x the selected bet. Burst Mode Burst Mode™ is a faster and more focused Autoplay exclusive to Slotmill games. Burst Mode™ uses the same game engine and logic but the pace is much higher and therefore only the total win per game round is displayed. You can stop Burst Mode™ at any time and the result of the session will be displayed after the last game round is finished Bet Lines Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per bet line. Rules & Information Eternal Dawn is a 5x4 video slot with 30 Bet Lines. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbols. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 94.09% and maximum win is 14720x bet (based on 100000000000 test rounds). Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 20 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be autocompleted after a certain time depending on the player's residence. Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 7/10/2025