Outlaws Outlaws is a 20 bet line slot machine featuring a random Dynamite Blast feature and Free Spins with Sticky Wilds and multipliers. Wilds The Wanted Poster symbol is Wild and appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. The Wild symbol becomes a Sticky Wild symbol during Free Spins. Dynamite Blast The Dynamite Blast feature appears randomly during the base game placing a dynamite charge somewhere on the reels. The dynamite explodes revealing hidden treasures behind adjacent symbols. Scatter symbols are not affected by the Dynamite Blast. Hidden treasures include money bags, 2x money bag multiplier and Scatter symbols. Free Spins with Sticky Wilds 3, 4 and 5 Scatter symbols activate 8, 10 and 12 Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins the Wild symbols become Sticky Wilds. Three Wild symbols on a reel award 2 extra Free Spins. At the beginning of each Free Spin, a crosshair randomly lands on reels 2, 3 or 4. If the crosshair lands on a Wild, a 2x win multiplier is awarded. The multiplier is increased by 1x every additional time the crosshair lands on the same Wild. If the crosshair lands any other symbol than a Wild, the symbol may turn into a Sticky Wild. Multipliers on each bet line are added together before being applied to the bet line win. Free Spins are played at the same bet level as the round activating Free Spins. Scatter symbols are not present during Free Spins. Burst Mode™ Burst Mode™ is a faster and more focused Autoplay exclusive to Slotmill games. Burst Mode™ uses the same game engine and logic but the pace is much higher and therefore only the total win per game round is displayed. Free Spins are activated and played automatically. You can stop Burst Mode™ at any time and the result of the session will be displayed after the last game round is finished. Bet Lines Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Rules & Information Outlaws is a 5 reel, 3 row slot with 20 bet lines. All 20 bet lines are always played. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96.03% and maximum win is 5000x bet. Only the highest win combination per bet line is paid. A symbol can be used in multiple winning combinations. Bets are made in the casino currency and there are 15 bet levels. The bet level cannot be changed during a game round. All wins are displayed and paid in the casino currency in accordance with the paytable. If a game round is interrupted, all information and bets will be displayed when the game is relaunched. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player Please see operator specific terms and conditions for details. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/21/2023