Fortune Reveal Money Card Fortune Reveal Money Card Help Experience the power of Asian Fortune with Spinberry's brand new game - Fortune Reveal Money Card! Find the lady to trigger the Money Wheel where wins await, find the Ace to increase the wheel values for even bigger wins. The choice of card is yours! Discover a world of untold riches with Fortune Reveal Money Card, see you in the game! General information table Game Type Card game Return to Player 93.13% Game Features Card Pick Game presents three cards face down and Money Wheel. To place the bet need to shuffle the cards. After shuffling cards player picks one card to reveal. If no selection is made, a random cards is picked automatically after timeout. There are three outcomes: the Ace of Spades, the Jack of Clubs and the Queen of Hearts. The Ace of Spades doubles all values on the wheel. Max multiplier limit for value is x88. Multipliers reset to default values after revealing the Jack of Clubs or winning Money Wheel. The Jack of Clubs is a losing card. If the Jack of Clubs is revealed after doubling the multipliers then multipliers reset to the default values. The Queen of Hearts activates Money Wheel. Money Wheel Money Wheel has 25 segments. Each segment represents a stake multiplier. Multipliers range from x0 to x88. The Queen of Hearts activates Money Wheel. The ‘Spin’ button starts the wheel. After timeout wheel starts automatically. The wheel lands on multiplier, current stake is multiplied and winnings are paid out. The state of the wheel is saved for each stake. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the “Shuffle” button or press the Spacebar to start. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Maximum win is limited to $22,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 10/23/2025