Hula Magic GAME RULES Hula Magic Game Help Take an exotic Hawaiian vacation and while you are there, explore the many islands to see authentic tiki statues on display. The legendary tikis are symbols of the ancient deities, and you might just get blessed with generous rewards as you spin the reels of Hula Magic. Packed with adventure and features, now is your time to enjoy some fun, entertainment and big wins! Hula Magic is a 5-reel, 4-row slot with a distinct island theme and plenty of winning features. Get on the path to riches with the tumbling reels. Each time a winning combination forms, the winning tiles get removed and more tiles tumble down to form more combinations. Plus, each time you win, the tiki pole meter fills and eventually rewards you with a chance to spin the wheel, pick a prize or raining wilds for even more payouts. Keep filling the meter and you may just walk away with a Super Bonus prize. Ready for some fun and thrills? Play Hula Magic now! General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of ways 1024 ways Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Tumbling Tiles Tiki Pole Feature Raining Wild Pick a Prize iSpin Feature Free Spins Return to Player 96.1% Hit Rate 37.44% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are formed from left to right on adjacent reels, beginning from the leftmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added up. All wins occur on the selected ways. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Last modification date: 4/18/2023