Mystery Fox Christmas Party GAME RULES Mystery Fox Christmas Party - Game Help Mr Fox is back and he’s heading off to Las Vegas, his favourite destination, for a Christmas party! There is no denying that Mr Fox loves all the action that Vegas has to offer, and he can’t wait to celebrate the festive season with Foxette. Now, you can Join Mr Fox for a Vegas party like no other, where the champagne will be flowing and you can expect plenty of gifts and rewards! Mystery Fox Christmas Party is a 5-reel, 4-row slot that is overflowing with festive features. Landing four “Heart of Vegas” symbols on a reel will transform it into a Full Wild Reel for the next four spins. To keep the action coming, whenever 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, you get to choose up to 75 Free Spins and the number of Full Wild Reels for some serious payout potential. This is one Christmas party you don’t want to miss. Play Mystery Fox Christmas Party now! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 60 winning lines in Mystery Fox Christmas Party. All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 60 Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Full Wild Reel feature Free Spins Return to Player 94.65% Hit Rate 31.59% Game Features Full Wild Reel feature Collecting four “Heart of Vegas” symbols on a reel transforms the entire reel into a Full Wild Reel for four consecutive spins. When a Scatter symbol appears behind the Full Wild reel, it acts as both a Scatter and Wild. When a Heart of Vegas symbol appears behind the Full Wild reel, the Full Wild reel stays in place for an extra spin. Hearts collected during play are linked to the bet amount. Changing the bet amount will change the respective number of hearts previously collected for that bet amount. Returning to a previous bet amount will restore the hearts collected for that bet amount. Free Spins When 3 or more Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Free Spins feature. The player is presented with 3 options and must choose one, which will award up to 75 Free Spins with 1, 2 or 3 Full Wild Reels. Free Spins Option 3 Scatter awards 2 Free Spins with Reels 1,3 and 5 as Full Wild Reels 6 Free Spins with Reels 2 and 4 as Full Wild Reels 15 Free Spins with only Reel 3 as a Full Wild Reel 4 Scatter awards 4 Free Spins with Reels 1,3 and 5 as Full Wild Reels 12 Free Spins with Reels 2 and 4 as Full Wild Reels 30 Free Spins with only Reel 3 as a Full Wild Reel 5 Scatter awards 10 Free Spins with Reels 1,3 and 5 as Full Wild Reels 30 Free Spins with Reels 2 and 4 as Full Wild Reels 75 Free Spins with only Reel 3 as a Full Wild Reel Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 12/6/2023