Grand Loot Game Rules Ready for some heart-pounding, adrenalin-pumping action? Travel back in time to the early 1900s where the streets were ruled by ruthless gangsters. From backstreet gambling and illicit alcohol sales to sidestep prohibition laws, this was an era where the rivalry between mafia gangs was rife and gun battles in the streets were a daily occurrence. Grand Loot is a 5x4 slot that will have you on the edge of your seat from the very first spin. Landing 6 or more scatter symbols anywhere triggers the Grand Loot Bonus feature where Free Spins with multipliers can put some serious loot in your pocket. For even more bankroll boosting payouts, filling a full reel with multipliers awards an additional multiplier to the entire reel. Grab your Tommy Gun and get ready for some thrilling gangster action! Game Information Game Winning Lines: All wins begin from the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Game Features Grand Loot Bonus Return to Player 96.24% Hit Rate 21.53% Game Features Grand Loot Bonus When 6 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, it awards the Grand Loot Bonus feature. The symbols that triggered the feature hold their positions and reveal a multiplier between 2x to 10x. 3 Free Spins then take place. The remaining reel positions spin independently and can reveal 1 of 5 special symbols that offer extra rewards or multipliers. Each time a special symbol or multiplier appears, it resets the Free Spins to 3. When all 4 positions on a reel reveal a special symbol or multiplier, an extra multiplier displayed above the reel is awarded and multiplies all values on that reel at the end of the feature. Special Symbols during the Grand Loot Bonus Feature: Collector Reveals a multiplier and then collects all the other visible multipliers on the reels and adds them to the revealed multiplier for that spin only. Collector with a Golden frame Reveals a multiplier and then collects all the other visible multipliers on the reels and adds them to the revealed multiplier for that spin and each remaining spin of the feature. Sniper Reveals a multiplier and adds that amount to every visible multiplier on the reels for that spin only. Sniper with a Golden frame Reveals a multiplier and adds that amount to every visible multiplier on the reels for that spin and each remaining spin of the feature. Booster Reveals a multiplier between 2x-5x and applies it randomly to 2-3 of the visible multipliers on the reels. During every spin, the revealed multipliers get accumulated to the total. If the sum of all multiplier values reaches 50,000 or higher, the feature ends and the player is awarded with 50,000 multiplied by the bet amount. The feature ends when no more Free Spins remain or all 20 positions are special symbols or multipliers. The total multipliers from the feature are then multiplied by the bet amount. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions will be terminated, after a period of time, as defined by the respective regulator per jurisdiction. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 8/2/2022