1 Drop Embark on a money journey with “1 Drop” – the slot game where rain magic meets thrilling excitement! Each spin is like a money rainfall, wild symbols that can turn a drizzle of luck into a downpour of wins. Mystery symbols emerge like dewdrops, transforming unpredictably to heighten the suspense and potential rewards. And when you think the shower of surprises is over, free spins rain down, offering a deluge of possibilities to increase your winnings. With "1 Drop" every play allows you to immerse yourself in a gaming world of exhilarating wins. General Information There are Drops of Rain feature, Persistent Wild feature, Mystery Symbol feature and Free Spins feature in 1 Drop. Game Features DROPS OF RAIN FEATURE Above the base game reels is a cloud that releases silver and gold rain drops feeding into positions behind the reels. Every spin rain drops move top down. Silver rain drops are Wild symbols. Gold rain drops are Wild symbols that also act as Free Spins symbols. When Umbrella symbol lands on the third reel, the matrix behind the reels is activated and the rain drops from this matrix transfer to corresponding positions on base reels, all winnings if any are awarded and the spin ends. Only silver rain drops are available in Free Spins feature. The state of rain drops is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. PERSISTENT WILD FEATURE Every silver Wild symbol contains a number between 2 and 4 that shows how many spins Wild symbol will stay on the reels. With each spin the number decreases by 1. The state of persistent wild is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. Persistent wild activated in base game is playing only for base game spins and persistent wild activated in Free Spins feature is playing only in Free Spins. MYSTERY SYMBOL FEATURE Mystery symbols reveal same paytable symbols when all reels stop, all winnings if any are calculated and the symbols transform back to mystery symbol. Mystery symbols remain on the reels for the next spin. If an additional mystery symbol lands on the reels in the next spin, mystery symbol will stay on the reels for one more spin. This action can continue until a spin without additional mystery symbol. Mystery symbols reveal paytable symbols every spin if they present on the reels. Mystery symbols state is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. Free Spins feature When 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Increasing win multiplier is active during Free Spins feature: with each win in the feature the multiplier increases by 1. Every Free Spins feature starts with x1 win multiplier. Win multiplier is applied for every win in the feature. All base game features are active during Free Spins. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x46.20 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x87.70 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x136.50 stake when offered 20 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x50.80 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x80.50 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x104.50 stake when offered 20 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x50.80 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x80.50 stake when offered 15 Free Spins x104.50 stake when offered 20 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different lines are added up. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on the residence of the player. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Feature triggered from the Feature Spin™ is played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to ways wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 9/3/2024