Lucky Golden Coins Lucky Golden Coins Game Help Experience the full power of Asian luck and waves of gold coins with Lucky Golden Coins! The game is notable for the Coin Link Feature where unique gold coins are stored, when they appear on the reel, they remain in it for three more spins, which allows you to collect more and more to fill the reel! Discover a world of untold riches with the spirit of Asia, see you in the game! General Information Lucky Golden Coins has unusual reels, wilds, Coin Link feature and Free Spins. Game Features COIN LINK FEATURE Each coin symbol displays a stake multiplier or pot award. Possible stake multipliers on coin symbols: x0.5 - x100. Possible pot awards on coin symbols: MINI (x150), MINOR (x200), MAJOR (x250) and GRAND (x500). If coin symbol lands on a reel, then all coin symbols on that reel are held for the next 3 paid spins. Every time a new coin symbol lands on that reel, the number of spins resets back to 3. The number of spins where coin symbols will remain on the reels is shown at the bottom of that reel. Coin Link feature is triggered when every position on a reel is filled with coin symbols. Coin Link feature awards all the winnings from the coin symbols. When winnings are collected, the feature ends and coin symbols are no longer held on that reel. Symbols that land behind coin symbols are not evaluated. The state of coin symbols is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. FREE SPINS FEATURE When 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols land on the reels, it awards 10, 12 or 15 Free Spins respectively. Only coin symbols with multipliers are active during Free Spins feature. Possible stake multipliers on coin symbols: x0.5 - x100. Coin symbols with pot awards are not active during Free Spins. Coin symbols are sticky on the reels positions during the feature and are held for the remainder of Free Spins. If full reel is filled with coin symbols, then reel multiplier is applied to all coin symbols on that reel. The range of reel multipliers: Reel 1 - x2-x10; Reel 2 - x2-x10; Reel 3 - x2-x10; Reel 4 - x2-x8; Reel 5 - x2-x6; Free Spins feature ends when no Free Spins remain. At the end of Free Spins, winnings from each coin symbol are collected and awarded. Free Spins symbols are not available during the Free Spins feature. All symbols besides coin symbols are grayed out and not evaluated during Free Spins feature. FEATURE RESPIN™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: For base game: x32.00 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x36.00 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x41.00 stake when offered 15 Free Spins For Feature Spin™: x16.00 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x18.00 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x20.50 stake when offered 15 Free Spins For Buy feature: x31.00 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x47.00 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x64.00 stake when offered 15 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press “Collect” button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different ways are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatters. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game stake corresponding to Feature Spin™ stake. To see the corresponding base game stake open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Features wins are added to ways wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/7/2024