Spartan Spirit Get ready to conquer the reels and embrace the power of Spartan Spirit, a game that combines breathtaking action with thrilling features to keep you entertained. Prepare to be amazed by exciting bonus rounds that await you. Uncover hidden treasures and unlock the secrets of spartan spirit as you delve deeper into the game. With each spin, you have the chance to trigger free spins, where the intensity reaches its peak, and the rewards become truly legendary. General Information There are 10 win lines in Spartan Spirit. All awards pay for any adjacent left to right winning combination beginning with the leftmost reel. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 10 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 The Best Strategy Return to Player 93.17% Feature Spin™ RTP 5 free spins 93.15% Feature Spin™ RTP 10 free spins 93.11% Feature Spin™ RTP 15 free spins 93.07% Buy Feature RTP 5 free spins 93.24% Buy Feature RTP 10 free spins 93.20% Buy Feature RTP 15 free spins 93.15% Game Features If all reels positions are filled with Wild symbol, the fixed win amount (x100 stake) is awarded. Re-Spin Feature Re-spin feature is triggered when one of the specific picture symbols appears in all symbol positions on 3 or more adjacent reels. The triggering symbols transform into a jumbo symbol. Jumbo symbols are corresponding large versions of the specific individual picture symbols. Picture symbols are main character, spartan warrior and spartan wife, spartan warriors celebrating, spartan warriors training, spartan armour. Jumbo symbols are 3 symbol positions high and appear across adjacent reels. After the jumbo symbol transformation, wins are evaluated and a re-spin is awarded. Different reels are used during the re-spin. Reels appearing with jumbo symbols contain only jumbo symbols. Re-spin feature is retriggered when 1 or more reels of same picture symbols adjacent to a corresponding jumbo symbol after a respin. The triggering symbols transform into a large jumbo symbol, wins are evaluated and an additional re-spin is awarded. Up to 3 re-spins can be awarded during re-spin feature. Free Spins 8 Free Spins and bonus winnings are awarded when 6 or more Free Spins symbols land on the reels. Bonus winnings depend on amount of landed Free Spins symbols: 6 Free Spins symbols award x5 stake bonus winnings. 7 Free Spins symbols award x10 stake bonus winnings. 8 Free Spins symbols award x15 stake bonus winnings. 9 Free Spins symbols award x20 stake bonus winnings. 10 Free Spins symbols award x25 stake bonus winnings. 11 Free Spins symbols award x30 stake bonus winnings. 12 Free Spins symbols award x40 stake bonus winnings. 13 Free Spins symbols award x50 stake bonus winnings. 14 Free Spins symbols award x70 stake bonus winnings. 15 Free Spins symbols award x100 stake bonus winnings. Re-spin feature is active during Free spins. Re-spins do not count as part of Free Spins total. Re-spin multiplier between x2-x5 is applied to any win from re-spin feature in Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered if 6 or more Free Spins symbols land on the reels during the feature awarding 8 additional Free Spins. No more than 80 Free Spins total can be awarded. Random multiplier is active during re-spin and applicable only for winnings in the re-spin. If re-spin is re-triggered a new random multiplier is active. When the re-spin finishes the multiplier is inactive. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. Bet is not deducted from the balance in Feature Respin™. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x50 stake when offered 8 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x16.3 stake when offered 5 Free Spins x17.2 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x17.8 stake when offered 15 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x16.3 stake when offered 5 Free Spins x34.4 stake when offered 10 Free Spins x53.5 stake when offered 15 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. Spectacular Link™ feature 4 or more value symbols and/or pot symbols trigger Spectacular Link™ feature. Value symbols are presented as coins. Possible value symbols are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25. Possible pot symbols are: Mini (x50), Minor (x100), Major (x250). During the Spectacular Link™ feature the game reels and rows extend to 7x5 respectively. Only value symbols and pot symbols are active during the Spectacular Link™ feature. The symbols triggered the Spectacular Link™ feature remain on the reels on the same positions and all the other vanish. Randomly from 1 up to 3 reels cells are chosen for upgrades in Spectacular Link™ feature. The upgrade activates only when a symbol lands on the corresponding reels cell. When a symbol lands on Spinner or Whistle cell, random number of empty reels positions are filled with the same cash/pot value that landed on the cell. When a symbol lands on the Elimination cell, the x1 value symbol cannot land on the reels on the next spins. Spectacular Link™ feature starts with 3 spins and each time a new value symbol and/or pot symbol lands, it locks in place till the end of the Spectacular Link™ feature and the spin count resets back to 3. When total re-spin number reaches 20, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2. When total re-spin number reaches 40, all value symbols that have landed in view will be multiplied by x2 again. When there are no re-spins left or total re-spin number reaches 40, the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. If all cells are filled with symbols, the Grand (x500) pot or the sum of all landed value and pot symbols is awarded and Spectacular Link™ feature ends. The higher award is collected: e.g. if the total sum of all the landed value/pot symbols is higher than Grand pot, the sum of symbols is awarded. FEATURES ORDER The order of playing features is following: 1. Spectacular Link™ feature 2. Re-Spin Feature 3. Free Spins Feature 4. Feature Respin™ Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Malfunction voids all pays. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If all reels positions are filled with Wild symbol, the fixed win amount (x100 stake) is awarded. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. Payout rules in Features Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature – the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: Free Spins and Spectacular Link™. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 3/13/2025