3 Hat Riches Burst 3 Hat Riches Burst Game Help Journey to the lush, green hills of the Emerald Isle and experience the charm and cheer of Irish fortune. You'll enjoy vibrant rainbows, golden treasures, and plenty of magical moments with lucky clovers all around. If you’re looking for some festive fun with a touch of Irish luck, then 3 Hat Riches Burst is your pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. 3 Hat Riches Burst is a 5x3 slot with 40 paylines and exciting bonus features. Keep an eye out for Lucky Coins that land on the reels that are collected by the 3 Lucky Hats above the reels. The coins might even trigger the thrilling LOCK N SPIN Bonus feature, which starts with 3 Respins. During the Bonus feature, each coin collected could bring you closer to a prize of up to 500x your bet or even the Grand prize! Plus, every new coin that appears, resets the Respins to keep the excitement alive as you reel in those golden rewards. Irish luck is on your side. Play 3 Hat Riches Burst today! Game Information Game Winning Lines: 3 Hat Riches Burst has 40 winning lines. Active winning lines pay when matching symbols appear on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. General Information Table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features LOCK N SPIN BONUS The Hats above the reels collect their respective colour Hat symbols during spins. The more Hat symbols are collected, the more coins will appear in the hats above the reels. Whenever one or more Hat Symbols appear on the reels during the base game, there is a chance that the LOCK N SPIN bonus feature will be triggered. The Hat Symbols that activated the Bonus, determine the starting coins and the coins during the feature. The bonus starts with 5 Bonus Coins and the Hat symbol that triggered the feature. Only Bonus Coins, Prize Coins (except GRAND) and respective feature Hat symbols can appear during the feature. Possible values for Bonus Coins are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. Each Blue Hat Symbol that appears during the Bonus feature, reveals and activates the Cashier which awards a random value or Prize Coin values (except GRAND). Possible values are 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 250x or 500x current total bet. Each Red Hat symbol that appears during the Bonus feature, reveals and activates a multiplier that multiplies all other coins by 2x; after which the Red Hat symbol will display a value. Possible values are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x current total bet. Each Green Hat symbol that appears during the Bonus feature, reveals and activates the Collector which collects the values from all other coins except Prize Coins. The bonus starts with 3 Respins. All coins remain sticky during Respins. Each new coin resets the number of Respins to 3. The bonus feature ends when no more Respins remain or the reels are full. The GRAND PRIZE is awarded when all 15 positions are filled. Return to Player 94.04% Hit Rate 38.38% Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop computer. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those session, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. WIN CAP The game has a win cap of 6,000x the current bet amount per game round. Payout rules in Features Respins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Respins. Respins wins are added to any initial wins At the end of the Respins, prizes on the Cash symbols are added together and awarded. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 5/29/2025