Divine Reels Divine Reels Game Help Ascend to Olympus with Zeus and Claim Your Fortune in Divine Reels! Unleash the power of the skies when three lightning symbols strike the reels! The Zeus Accumulator Feature, a unique Spinberry mechanic, triggers an epic bonus round where only cloud symbols and the activating lightning bolts remain. Each cloud that lands resets the spin counter, and when the spins run out — or the reels are completely filled — the collected multipliers combine for heavenly payouts! Are you worthy of the gods’ favor? Spin the reels of Divine Reels and claim your place among legends! General Information Divine Reels is 6x4 game with 4096 winning ways, Collection feature, Zeus Accumulator feature, Feature Respin™. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Ways 4096 ways Number of Reels and Rows 6x4 Return to Player 93.18% Feature Spin™ RTP Free Spins 93.17% Game Features COLLECTION FEATURE Cloud symbols and Gold thunderbolt symbols have attached stake multipliers (x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x4, x5, x7.5, x10, x20, x25, x50, x75, x100). Multiplier symbols transfer to corresponding position of collection matrix when they land in base game spin. The state of the matrix is saved for each stake and is not carried on over other stakes. Olympus symbol is a collection symbol. When collection symbol lands on base game reels it collects all multipliers from collection matrix. Multipliers are summed up, multiply the current stake and the winnings are awarded. ZEUS ACCUMULATOR FEATURE 3 Gold thunderbolt symbols trigger Zeus Accumulator feature. 3 Gold thunderbolt symbols don’t transfer to collection matrix, they stay on the reels on the same positions until the end of the feature. Only cloud symbols with multipliers (x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x4, x5, x7.5, x10, x20, x25, x50, x75, x100) are spinning and land during the feature. Zeus Accumulator feature starts with 3 re-spins. When cloud symbol lands on the reels, it locks on the reels till the end of the feature and re-spin counter resets back to 3. The feature ends when no re-spins left or when all reels positions are filled with active symbol. All multipliers are collected and awarded at the end of the feature. Zeus Accumulator feature starts after clicking the “Start' button on the Zeus Accumulator feature pop-up or after time out. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Zeus Accumulator feature which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™ It gives a choice to take the winnings from Zeus Accumulator feature or to replay the feature. Feature Respin™ is available after Zeus Accumulator feature and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay the feature when the win amount in the feature is less or equal than: -For base game: х45.10 stake -For Feature Spin™: х47.80 stake Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Zeus Accumulator feature. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Gold thunderbolt symbols on the reels. Match 3 active Gold thunderbolt symbols on the reels to win Zeus Accumulator feature. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the “Info” button. All awards pay on active winning way only. The highest win only paid per active winning way. Winnings on different ways are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss reaches the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings reaches the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Collection feature and Zeus Accumulator feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 1/13/2026