Golden Plunder Set sail for an island of untold riches with Golden Plunder, the ultimate pirate-themed slot game! Buried treasure, thrilling gameplay, and massive rewards await those bold enough to dig for gold! The main feature in the game is the Golden Plunder Feature. Unearth your fortune by choosing one of the treasure-marked crosses. Hidden beneath are multipliers ranging from x10 to an incredible x250. The treasures of the high seas await — are you ready to claim your share? General Information Golden Plunder is 3 reels game with 1 payline, Golden Plunder feature and Treasure symbol mechanic. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 1 across the middle Number of Reels and Rows 3x1 Return to Player 93.25% Game Features Golden Plunder Feature Golden Plunder feature is triggered when Golden doubloon symbol lands on the payline on the reel 3. 6 multipliers (x10, x25, x50, x75, x100, x250) are randomly buried on the beach. Pick one X to reveal the object. Each object represents multiplier. Ruby - x10, Dagger - x25, Skull - x50, Crown - x75, Scroll - x100, Golden Doubloon - x250. The revealed multiplier multiplies current stake and winning are awarded. If no selection is made, a random X will be selected automatically after timeout. Autopick doesn’t impact overall RTP. Treasure Symbol Treasure symbol acts as a paying scatter: 1 Treasure symbol pays x1 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 different symbols and the Treasure symbol on the payline except the Treasure symbol in combination with different Bar symbols). 2 Treasure symbol pays x5 stake when there is no win line (the case when there are 2 Treasure symbols and a Blank or Golden doubloon symbol). Treasure symbol also acts like a wild to make a winning combination and to multiply it: 1 Treasure symbol on payline pays x3 winning combination. 2 Treasure symbols on payline pays x9 winning combination. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the "Spin" button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except scatters) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. All open sessions, which are not concluded by the player, plus any future transactions for those sessions, will be terminated after 90 days maximum and a minimum of 7 days depending on residence of the player. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Features triggered from the base game are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the features. Features wins are added to payline win. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “Auto” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit - the Autoplay will stop when the total loss is reached the set amount. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above - the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Golden Plunder feature. When the limit’s conditions are met, the Autoplay will stop and the relevant pop-up message will appear on the screen. Last modification date: 6/5/2025