Jack's Treasure Join Captain Jack Finch, Bill Lerner and Lizzy Hawkins aboard the famous Ebony Gem as they set sail on their next thrilling adventure to uncover mystical treasures. This is no ordinary pirate adventure; it’s an epic expedition filled with magic, mystery and riches. Jack's Treasure is a 3-row, 5-reel pirate themed video slot filled with features that even the toughest pirate will love. The Golden Wheel is your ticket to winning serious loot, and the possibility of taking home a jackpot. If the tides are in your favour, The Wheel Bonus feature can unlock the Ladder Bonus, Ocean Treasure Bonus or Compass Bonus for even more wins. Don’t jump ship, because the Hidden Treasure feature offers serious booty with multipliers up to 800x. All hands-on deck! Impressive treasures await! Game Information Game Winning Lines: There are 40 winning lines in Jack’s Treasure. The wins are counted from left to right. General information table: Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 40 Number of Reels and Rows 5x3 Game Features Golden Wheel Hidden Treasure Wheel Bonus Ladder Bonus Ocean Treasure Bonus Compass Bonus Return to Player 94.54% Hit Rate -- Game Features Golden Wheel: Golden Wheel symbols can appear only on reels 1, 3 and 5. When a Golden Wheel symbol lands, it awards one-wheel spin for a chance to win credits or a jackpot. Golden Wheel Rewards: 2X-12X Total bet or the Minor Jackpot 3X-18X Total bet or the Major Jackpot 5X-50X Total bet or the Mega Jackpot Hidden Treasure: When 3 Treasure Chest symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4, the Hidden Treasure feature is triggered. Pick from the grid of 10 skull symbols until three matching treasures are revealed. Hidden Treasure Rewards: 3 Gold Treasures = 50X Total Bet 3 Ruby Treasures = 150X Total Bet 3 Diamond Treasures = 800X Total Bet If a Wild symbol is picked, it substitutes for the most valuable treasure symbol. Wheel Bonus: When 3 or more scattered wheel symbols land, it triggers the Wheel Bonus. The wheel awards credits or any one of the following bonus features: Ladder Bonus Ocean Treasure Bonus Compass Bonus If the wheel stops on a credit value, the credits will be awarded and the wheel spins again. The Wheel Bonus ends when the Ladder Bonus, Ocean Treasure Bonus or Compass Bonus is awarded. The Wheel Bonus is not available during the Ocean Treasure Bonus and Compass Bonus features. Ladder Bonus: The Ladder Bonus starts at the bottom of the ladder. Pick symbols to reveal credits or multipliers. Revealing a credit value awards the amount shown and progression up the ladder to pick again. The Ladder Bonus ends when a multiplier is revealed, which will then be multiplied by the total credits awarded during the feature. Ocean Treasure Bonus: The Ocean Treasure Bonus awards 4 Free Spins options to choose from: 30 Free Spins with 1X Multiplier 15 Free Spins with 2X Multiplier 10 Free Spins with 3X Multiplier 6 Free Spins with 5X Multiplier During the free spins, the Bomb symbol is Wild. When a Bomb symbol lands, the symbols that are one position to the left and one position to the right of the Bomb symbol also become Bombs. Compass Bonus: The Compass Bonus awards 10 Free Spins. During the free spins, above each reel, there are possible rewards which can be won when a compass symbol lands on the respective reel. The compass symbol is wild. The possible rewards are: Credits with up to a 5X multiplier of the total bet 1 Additional Free Spin 1 Wild symbol that gets locked in its position for the rest of free spins. If Wild symbols appears on all 3 reel positions, no further rewards are available for that reel. Playing the Game Betting To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons on either side of the Spin button and/or the Coin Value + / - buttons. Then, press the Spin button or the Spacebar to submit the bet and initiate the round. You can also choose the desired bet from the Betting options menu in Settings , and then press the Spin button to close the menu which will submit the bet and initiate the round. Rounds can also be initiated by using the Autospin feature. The Total bet, Balance & Win amounts can be displayed in coins or cash values. Switching between them can be done by clicking on the bottom UI bar. Spin Options Once the round is started, the player can fast-forward to the round result or skip the animations by pressing the Skip/Stop button that replaces the Spin button while the round is in progress. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Quick Spin or Turbo Spin options (restrictions may apply due to regional jurisdictions) Turbo Spin – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animations. Turbo Spin can be activated by: Holding the Spacebar on a desktop or the Spin button on mobile. Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating Autospin rounds. Quick Spin Mode - the reels spin and stop faster however all extra animations are shown. Quick Spin can be activated by: Turning it on through the Sandwich menu. Turning it on from Settings . Turning it on from the Autospin menu, and then initiating the Autospin rounds. Payout Rules Winning combinations are paid per line in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game's “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Setting button. The prizes are calculated using the following formula: Bet amount, divided by 20, multiplied by the symbol payout multiplier Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added up. All wins occur on the selected paylines, excluding bonus wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins wins are added to any initial wins. Autospin Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the current bet configuration. The autobet / autoplay menu is accessible through the Autobet / Autoplay button. Autobet / Autoplay Limits Loss Limit - Allows you to control your combined losses by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the loss limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of bets) - (Sum of wins) >= (Loss Limit amount). Single Win - Will stop the autobet function and a popup message will be displayed when a single win payout is >= the 'Single Win' value entered. Win Limit - Allows you to control your combined wins by entering a numeric value that will stop the autobet function and trigger a popup message when the win limit is reached. Calculated as follows: (Sum of wins) - (Sum of bets) >= (Win Limit amount). On a Win - The autobet will stop and a popup message will appear on any win within a single round. A free spins feature is considered as one round for this limit setting and the autobet will only stop after all the free spins are finished. Stop on a Feature - The autobet will stop and a popup message appear when the game reaches any feature round, including but not limited to: free spins round, bonus games and mini games, with exception to random wilds features. When the limit's conditions are met, the autobet will stop and the relevant popup message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 2/20/2024