Mega Drop The Wilds Mega Drop The Wilds Game Help Discover a world of pinball and mega wins with Mega Drop The Wilds! Where wilds enhance game play with the spin of a dial in the Drop the Wilds feature, free spins with wilds & the industry first Feature Respin™. Welcome to the futuristic casino with Mega Drop The Wilds! General Information Mega Drop The Wilds is 5x4 slot game with 20 win lines, Drop The Wilds feature, Free Spins feature and Feature Respin™. General Information Table Game Type Video Slot Number of Paylines 20 lines Number of Reels and Rows 5x4 Return to Player 93.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 3 Free Spins 93.20% Feature Spin™ RTP 6 Free Spins 93.16% Feature Spin™ RTP 9 Free Spins 93.22% Feature Spin™ RTP 12 Free Spins 93.24% Feature Spin™ RTP 15 Free Spins 93.10% Buy Feature RTP 3 Free Spins 93.11% Buy Feature RTP 6 Free Spins 93.15% Buy Feature RTP 9 Free Spins 93.38% Buy Feature RTP 12 Free Spins 93.12% Buy Feature RTP 15 Free Spins 93.25% Game Features Drop the Wilds feature Drop the Wilds feature is triggered when one or two Free Spins symbols are on the reels and the arrow lands on the green sector of the delivery mechanic. When the arrow stops in the green sector, the balls transitions around the playground area and lands in one of sectors above the reels. Sectors with bonus awards are spinning each base spin or each free spin. Each sector represents a bonus: wild symbols, win multiplier or wilds with win multiplier. Two win multipliers multiply each other on the same win line. Wilds randomly transfer to the reels. Wilds with win multiplier are applied only for win lines where this wild takes a part. There is one wormhole on the playground above the reels. If a ball goes into a wormhole, 2 separate balls will come out of the wormhole and each ball will drop into the section and award a bonus. Multipliers on wild symbols multiply each other if they are on the same win line. Win multipliers from different sections are summed up. After awarding a bonus, any winnings are calculated and free re-spin is awarded. Bonus award is also applied for the re-spin. Wild symbols lock in place for re-spin. Free Spins feature Free spins feature is activated by 3 Free Spins symbols in view on reels 1-3-5. Free Spins feature is 5 Free Spins with Drop the Wilds feature active on each Free Spin. Wormhole is not active during Free Spins feature. No Free Spins symbols available during Free Spins, Free Spins can not be re-triggered. Feature Respin™ Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins which are triggered from Base game/Feature Spin™/Buy Feature. It gives a choice to take the winnings from Free Spins or to replay the feature. In case of choosing replay, winnings from Free Spins are burned. Feature Respin™ is available after Free Spins and can be played only once. The best strategy is to replay Free Spins when the win amount in Free Spins is less or equal than: -For base game: x67.2 stake when offered 5 Free Spins -For Feature Spin™: x15.0 stake when offered 3 Free Spins x30.0 stake when offered 6 Free Spins x45.2 stake when offered 9 Free Spins x60.5 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x75.9 stake when offered 15 Free Spins -For Buy feature: x29.1 stake when offered 3 Free Spins x61.0 stake when offered 6 Free Spins x94.2 stake when offered 9 Free Spins x127.2 stake when offered 12 Free Spins x161.2 stake when offered 15 Free Spins Otherwise the best strategy is to take win. Choosing the Best Strategy does not guarantee that it will award a higher return. If no selection is made, then the best strategy decision will be made after timeout. Buy Feature Buy Feature is an additional way to trigger Free Spins feature instantly. Select “Buy Feature” button and configure Free Spins number and the amount that need to be paid to immediately initiate the feature. Feature Spin™ Additional way to trigger Free Spins. During the Feature Spin™ pre-game there is only one mode of play. Each game uses only active and inactive Free Spins symbols on the reels. Select the number of Free Spins and match 3 Free Spins symbols on the reels to win the Free Spins feature. Gamble Enter Gamble feature via “Gamble” button after any winnings awarded during the game. Choose a colour or suit to play the Gamble feature. A card is dealt. Each card is drawn from a new 52 card deck. The gamble amount is doubled if the correct colour is chosen or quadrupled if the correct suit is chosen. If incorrect, the gamble is lost. Press Collect button to exit the gamble feature. You can gamble up to 5 times or until the take win amount is greater than $250,000.00. No more than $250,000.00 can be won from the gamble feature. The gamble feature is not available when the game winnings are greater than $125,000.00. The gamble feature will return an average payout of 100%. Please note that this does not mean that every play or series of plays will return this percentage. The outcome of each gamble is random and is unaffected by previous results. The Gamble enables/disables in the settings by the Gamble toggle. If no selection is made, the Gamble will time out and collect any winnings. Bet Chance Once a player’s credit becomes less than the last spin stake amount the bet chance is activated. The dial becomes active. The odds of a successful bet chance are represented by the green segment. Landing on the green is a successful bet chance, red is a losing bet chance. On pressing SPIN the pointer will spin. If landing on the green, a spin of the reels is awarded at the same stake level that was used prior to bet chance activation. If red is landed, then credit is taken. When pressing cancel button the screen changes from the bet chance to the game, without any deduction from the remaining balance. The Bet chance disables/enables in the settings by the Bet chance toggle. Playing the Game Stake To play a round, configure your bet using the + / - buttons. Spin Options Click the Spin button or press the Spacebar to spin. The Spacebar disables/enables in the settings by the Spacebar to spin toggle. To play rounds faster, the player can use the Turbo option. Turbo – the reels spin and stop faster with no extra animation. Turbo can be activated by holding the Spacebar or turning it on from the Burger Menu. Payouts Rules Winning combinations are paid beginning with the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Winning combinations and payouts are calculated according to the game’s “Paytable”, which can be accessed through the Settings button. All awards (except Free Spins symbol) pay on active win lines only. The highest win only paid per active win line. Winnings on different lines are added up. Maximum win is limited to $250,000.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4 or less Wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. If a disconnection from the game or a malfunction of the game occurs and you restart the game, your balance is reset to the amount before the interruption occurred. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Payout rules in Features Free Spins are played at the same bet amount as the round that activated the Free Spins. Free Spins triggered from the Feature Spin™ are played at the base game bet corresponding to Feature Spin™ bet. To see the corresponding base game bet open Paytable in Feature Spin™ mode. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Autoplay Enables playing the game automatically for a predetermined number of rounds at the currently selected stake. Autoplay menu is accessible through the “AUTO” button. Select the number of Autoplay rounds in Total spins field. Autoplay Limits Loss limit – the Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the Loss Limit is reached. The Autoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Stop on win above – the Autoplay function will stop when the win amount of combined winnings is reached the set amount limit. Stop on Bonus feature - the Autoplay function will stop when the game reaches any feature round: Free Spins feature. When the limit’s conditions are met the Autoplay will stop, and the relevant pop-up message will appear in the middle of the screen. Last modification date: 12/18/2024