Pharaohs Treasure Game Objective: Pharaoh's Treasure is a 5 reel, 20-line slot game which includes scatter symbols and wild symbols. Four types of wins are available to the player: Line wins Tutankhamen's Tomb bonus game win Free spins win Gamble win The Tutankhamen's Tomb Bonus game feature is triggered when any 3, 4 or 5 Tutankhamen (Gold Mask) symbols appearing on the reels on an active payline. Free spins are won if there is a scatter win of 3, 4 or 5 scarab beetles appearing anywhere on the reels (these do not need to be on the same payline). The Gamble Win is available after the player has a line win – the player has the option to gamble their winnings from the current spin by pressing the "Gamble Win" button to enter the game. top Game Information: Bet on 1-20 lines. top How to play: Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2. The stake per line is displayed in the "STAKE" meter which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the Stake Up and Stake Down buttons available below the ticker area. If your game balance is less than EUR 2, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. The number of lines is multiplied by the stake per line and the total stake amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the 'STAKE' meter. The total no of lines which the bet is placed are displayed in "TOTAL LINES" at the bottom left of the game screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the no. of lines by using the "SELECT LINES" button, and the stake per line by using the Stake Up and Down buttons available below the ticker area. 'PAYTABLE': Game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYT ABLE'' button at bottom left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO REELS' button available on 'PAYTABLE' screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. PLAY: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and/or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The individual line wins are displayed in the "WIN" meter which is at top left corner to the reels and the total wins in that spin are displayed in the "TOTAL WIN" meter which is at top right corner to the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change bet, player can use "STAKE DOWN" ,"STAKE UP" and "SELECT LINES" buttons as explained above. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'BALANCE' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: 10 spins: The game will automatically spin for 10 spins if 10 SPINS button is clicked. 25 spins: The game will automatically spin for 25 spins if 25 SPINS button is clicked. 100 spins: The game will automatically spin for 100 spins if 100 SPINS button is clicked. 250spins: The game will automatically spin for 250 spins if 250 SPINS button is clicked. 500 spins: The game will automatically spin for 500 spins if 500 SPINS button is clicked. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO PLAY ' button at the bottom of the game screen positioned to the left of the "GAMBLE WIN" button. When the autoplay dialog opens, click on the option you'd like to select. The 'AUTO PLAY ON' button would be displayed (replacing AUTO PLAY button). Click on 'PLAY' to start the spins. You can deactivate 'AUTO PLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP AUTO PLAY' button displayed after each spin below the ticker area at the center of the game screen. If the Free Spins or Bonus feature games triggered during AUTO PLAY, then the AUTO PLAY will be stopped after completing the feature. Please note: The 'AUTO PLAY' option is not available in play money mode. Gamble Win: The Gamble feature is available after the player has a line win – the player has the option to gamble their winnings from the current spin by pressing the "Gamble Win" button to enter the game. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your bwin account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1-20 lines. Lines can be changed by clicking on SELECT LINES BET amount can be changed by using the STAKE UP, STAKE DOWN and SELECT LINES buttons. PLAY begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. All wins occur on selected paylines, except for Scatter symbol which pay anywhere in view. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scatter symbol which pay anywhere in view. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter symbol and bonus symbol. The Tutankhamen Bonus game feature is triggered when any 3, 4 or 5 Tutankhamen (Gold Mask) symbols appearing left to right on the reels on an active payline Free spins are won if there is a scatter win of 3, 4 or 5 scarab beetles appearing anywhere on the reels (these do not need to be on the same payline). The Gamble Win feature is available after the player has a line win – the player has the option to gamble their winnings from the current spin by pressing the "Gamble Win" button to enter the gamble game. In the base game, the max win that can be allowed to play the gamble game is EUR 62,500 While playing gamble if the Gamble stake has reached EUR 62,500 then no further Gamble is allowed. The maximum number of games that can be played in gamble feature is based on the win irrespective of its X2 or X4 in the gamble feature till it is equal to or exceeds 25,00. The Logo is the Wild symbol and so can substitute for other symbols to help create a line win. Wild symbols cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Features THE TUTANKHAMEN's Tomb BONUS GAME The feature is triggered by a line win i.e. any 3, 4 or 5 Tutankhamen (Gold Mask) symbols appearing left to right on the reels on an active win line. This is a no-lose feature, i.e. the player will always win something. The wins are based on the no. of Tutankhamen symbols triggered and the bet per line amount. If feature triggered with 5 symbols then the win amount is in between 1000 -5000 times of bet per line amount. If feature triggered with 4 symbols then the win amount is in between 200-1000 times of bet per line amount. If feature triggered with 5 symbols then the win amount is in between 55-500 times of bet per line amount. Feature Game: When this happens, the game will enter the bonus game automatically. Player is not given an option whether or not to play. The amounts that can be won in the bonus round will be increasingly greater for 4 or 5 Tutankhamen symbols than for 3 symbols. The player has 3 chances to select the grids if he got 3 symbols in the line win. The player has 4 chances to select the grids if he got 4 symbols in the line win. The player has 5 chances to select the grids if he got 5 symbols in the line win. On entry to the bonus game there will be: An introduction screen, with an explanation of the objective of the game and images of all treasures that can be found in the tomb, so that the player knows what to look for. The player must press START to continue the game. Once in the bonus game, the player is shown a treasure trove in Tutankhamen's Tomb. The treasure is initially lit up. Tomb is then darkened, and a roving beam of torchlight will search the tomb again highlighting the treasures. A grid then appears over the image of the darkened tomb. The player needs to select the squares from grid to find out treasures by guessing. The ticker message will show the no. of chances left to select the squares upon selecting the squares from the grids. The winnings for each treasure item and the total winnings are displayed at the end. The player will not be allowed to guess on the same square more than once – they must choose different squares depending on the bonus symbols in the line win. There is no time limit in the bonus – they can take as long as they want to select the squares. When all the chances are taken, the consolidate win amount is displayed after the feature completion. FREE SPINS Free spins are won if there is a scatter win of 3, 4 or 5 scarab beetles appearing anywhere on the reels. Scatter prizes are awarded based on random multipliers which multiplied by the total bet. Scatters Max multiplier awarded in feature Min multiplier awarded in feature 3 scatters 9 3 4 scatters 40 12 5 scatters 500 50 The player will always win 10 free spins for 3 or more scarab beetles irrespective of normal game or free spins. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins during free spins except for TUTANKHAMEN's tomb bonus wins will pay out triple their normal value. As well as earning the free spins, a bonus win amount for the 3, 4 or 5 Scarab beetles will also be paid out. This win amount varies depending on the number of beetles. (If the player was in freespins already when they got these Scarab beetles then these beetle win amounts will be tripled as well). The number of free spins remaining will be displayed in the message bar at the bottom of the screen along with the total amount won on the free spins so far. All buttons are inactive during free spins mode. While in free spins mode it is possible for the player to win more free spins. If three or more scarab beetles are triggered in the free spins then free spins will retriggered. If this occurs then the number of free spins remaining is increased by 10. The player can also win entry to the Tutankhamen Tomb bonus game while in free spins mode. If this happens, then the player will play out the bonus as normal and then the free spins will continue after the bonus game is finished. The reels and graphics in free spins mode are exactly same as player was in normal mode, the only difference is that the game display all the winning lines at the end of each spin when in free spins mode and the fact wins are tripled as mentioned above. The free spins are counted down on the message bar after each spin. When the free spins are finished, the game returns to normal play and displays a summary of the total amount won during the free spins. Gamble Win Feature The Gamble Win feature is available after the player has a line win – the player has the option to gamble their winnings for this spin by pressing the "Gamble Win" button. Once the player presses "Gamble Win", the screen changes into the gamble screen. The layout of the screen will be as follows: One card is dealt face down and flashes along with the red and black and the four suit buttons. The player may bet on either whether the next card will be red or black or which specific suit it will be by clicking on the appropriate button. The card is then turned over. If the player has guessed correctly, the winnings in the win amount are doubled for red/black bets and quadrupled for suit bets. The player may then repeat the gamble on the next card (and then subsequent cards) or may collect all or half their winnings. All cards are dealt from a new pack – so the card that came up in the previous go could be the same card in the next go (so it is always an equal bet). If the player guesses incorrectly, the winnings are shown as zero and after a few seconds the screen reverts back to the main game screen. The 'UNLUCKEY' message will be displayed in the message bar. The player can continue playing until the possible winnings exceed the maximum winnings limit EUR 250,000 (irrespective of any currency). When the player selects "Collect All", the win is added to the balance and the main screen is restored. They can keep collecting half of the winnings until they get below the minimum stake level 0.02 (irrespective of currency) After that they must either bet or collect all. The player cannot gamble wins if they had got from the Tutankhamen's tomb bonus round (the gamble option is disabled). In free spins mode, the winnings will be automatically collected after each spin except for the last spin, where the player will be given the option to gamble if they had a win on that spin. In Auto spins mode, the winnings will be automatically collected after each spin except for the last spin, where the player will be given the option to gamble if they had a win on that spin. The player has the option to manually stop the auto spin and play the gamble if there is any win in that spin in the middle of the auto spins. top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Click on Back to reels button or any where on the screen the game will navigate to the Main game. Paylines: The Pay lines structures are as follows: The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.07%. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature/Gamble Feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017