Piggy Payback Multi payline Piggy Payback Slot is a 5 reel, 9 payline slot game, with a 'feature' game that has winnings which are additional to those obtainable during a normal game. The game also features substitute Pig symbols. The Pig symbols appear anywhere on reels one, three and five, and substitute for all symbols except the scattered Tank symbol. top Information The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. You can bet on one to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table located on the game rules screen. top How to play Setting 'BETS' - By default, a bet of per payline is set for the slot machine on all nine lines when you enter the game. You can choose to increase the bet per line by clicking the up arrow button on the left of 'BET', and decrease the bet by clicking the down arrow on the right. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. You can further choose to decrease the bet by clicking the down arrow on the right. Setting 'LINES' - Similarly, 9 lines are selected by default, and you can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the down arrow button on the right of 'LINES'. The number of lines can be increased again by clicking on the up arrow button on the left of 'LINES'. Selected lines are lit, whilst unselected lines remain dark. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line value' and the multiplied bet amount is displayed under the bet meter, which is placed at the top of the game screen. PAYTABLE' - The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button placed on the bottom left of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line amount. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'PAYTABLE' screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open rules screens You can choose to return to the 'PAYTABLE' screen or go back to the game by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' or 'GAME' buttons respectively. Spin - After the reels stop, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and any scatter wins, will be paid according to the 'PAYTABLE'. Your winnings are shown as Dollars/Cents under 'WIN' at the top right of the game window. Feature Game - A feature is triggered when Pigs appears anywhere on the reels one, 3 and 5. The game screen changes and the feature game screen opens up. On the completion of the feature game, the main game screen is restored. Repeat Bet/ Change Bet: Once the reels stop spinning the default bet for the next spin is the same as the previous one. You can just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change the bets use the arrow keys on the 'BET' or 'LINES' buttons. Your current Game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Result - Any wins are indicated by their paylines flashing, or in the case of a scatter win, by their symbol animating, with the total win amount being shown at the top of the screen under 'Win'. 'AUTOSPIN' - You can make use of this feature to choose all/any amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: No. of spins: Will spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal or exceeds: Will spin till the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down. Spin till any win: Will spin till the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: Will spin till the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: Spins until the Game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amount under 'CREDITS' and the amount under 'BET'. Spin till my balance falls below: Spins until the Game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amount under 'CREDITS' and the amount under 'BET'. Play faster: Will let you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the above mentioned options before selecting the 'PLAY FASTER' option. To make use of the 'AUTOSPIN' feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom right of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option/s of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu wherever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option/sthe 'BUY-IN' Window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and get back to the game screen. In case you select multiple options/conditions, the condition that is satisfied first takes precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions get disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option/s and proceed with the game. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-money mode. If your Game balance falls below the last bet placed, the system will automatically decrease the bet amount allowing you to continue playing. If your Game balance falls below the minimum allowed bet , the 'Buy-in' window pops up allowing you to buy-in credits from your account. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games played by you. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to Buy-in more credits to the Game from account. Click on 'EXIT GAMES' to leave the game and return to the game room. top Rules All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered Tank symbol which pays any. Pig symbols appear on reels one, three and five only and substitute for all other symbols except the scattered Tank symbol. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except scatters. Coinciding wins on different selected paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Payline prizes are multiplied by bet per payline. Scatter prizes are multiplied by total bet. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. top Features Feature Game Play: A bonus feature is triggered when the Pig symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game before the start of the feature game, and at the end of each stage in the feature Select straw houses for the pigs to demolish until they find the wolf. The wolf can be found in any of the straw, stick or brick houses that will appear in the feature round. If the wolf is not found in a straw house and all straw houses are demolished, the feature continues using stick houses. The wolf can be 'found' in one of the straw houses but can run away, thus allowing the feature to proceed to the next level. If the wolf is not found in a stick house and all stick houses are demolished, the feature continues using brick houses. The wolf can be 'found' in one of the stick houses but can run away, thus allowing the feature to proceed to the next level. Every time a wolf runs away and a new round is awarded, a wolf head is added to the top right of the game screen. The total number of wolf heads showing at the end of the feature game represents the total number of rounds awarded before returning to the main game screen. If not found in one of the straw or the stick houses, the wolf will be found in one of the brick houses. The feature is completed when the wolf surrenders by waving the white flag. Each pick awards a prize from 2 to 1000 times the total triggering bet, except the pick that 'finds' the wolf with white flag, where the feature game ends. If the wolf is found and surrenders, the feature is complete and the player must click on the 'COMPLETE' button that is displayed to return to the game screen. Feature win amount is added to any payline and scatter prizes. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.86% top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will complete the game. Log back in and you will be able to find out the result from your game logs by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button. If you get disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete the feature when you log back in. You can resume playing the same game or play any other game of your choice after completing the feature round. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017