Pirates Booty Pirates’ Booty is a five-reel, 50-payline Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot slot game. 3 or more scattered Ship symbols appearing anywhere on the reels award The Pirates’ Booty feature. Player will pick a ship to blow out of the water to win random number of free spins and free spin multipliers. Once the player is awarded, the ships will fire at the player ending the feature and the free spins round will launch. During the free spins, if one or more Ship symbols appears anywhere in view The Pirates’ Booty feature is retriggered where player is awarded extra free spins and if two or more Ship symbols appear, then The Pirates’ Booty feature is retriggered where player is awarded both extra free spins and extra free spins multipliers. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is a jackpot that grows progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the running Ca$h Fla$h jackpot total. The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, while betting any amount. The reset value of Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is $1,000. Information Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. Game is played with 50 lines from which you can select a desired number of lines. Both bet and lines can be changed. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scattered Ship symbol which pays anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line and get added to other payline wins. Only the highest win on each selected line will be paid. Coinciding wins on different selected lines will be added to your total. How to play Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on the desired line number at the beginning or at the end of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom Left of the game screen. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located next to the TOTAL BET meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button below the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line wins are shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. You will be informed of any jackpot wins by a pop-up message, the jackpot win amount will be credited to your Borgata Online Account immediately. The jackpot win will not be added to the game balance. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto spin options to play with this option. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the ‘BUY-IN’ window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Borgata Online Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Game Rules Play with 50 lines. LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects the maximum bet for 50 lines. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected Payline. Coinciding wins on different selected lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay from left to right except the scattered Ship symbol. The Pirates’ Booty Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scattered Ship symbol. Jackpot cannot be won during free games. Wild symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols except scattered Ship symbol and can appear only on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scattered Ship symbol which pays anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. The Pirates’ Booty Feature: When 3 or more scattered Ship symbols land anywhere in view on the reels during base game, they will award The Pirates’ Booty Feature. Player will pick a ship to blow out of the water to win random number of free spins and free spin multipliers. The Minimum and Maximum number of free spins awarded in the base game are 2 and 20 respectively. When the feature is retriggered, the extra free spins or extra free spins multiplier awarded are random. The Minimum and Maximum number of free spins awarded during re-trigger is 2 and 10 respectively. The Minimum and Maximum multiplier awarded in the game (base and during re-trigger) is 2 and 5 respectively. The cannon aims at the ship and shoots at it, the ship will then sink. Each ship which is shot will be replaced with a new ship which will sail into the same position as the ship which was shot and sank. Once the player is awarded with number of free spins and free spin multipliers, the ships will fire at the player ending the feature and the free spins round will launch. During the free spins, if one or more Ship symbol appears anywhere in view The Pirates’ Booty feature is retriggered. Player is awarded either extra free spins or extra free spins multipliers when the feature is re-triggered. All Free spins are played with the same number of lines and bet as the triggering spin. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. When The Pirates’ Booty Feature is triggered, payline win amount will be immediately credited to game balance before starting the feature round. Amounts won during the free spins of feature game will be added as and when they are won. Additional free spins and multipliers won from feature re-triggering are accumulated to the feature game. Rules Click on ‘RULES’ button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. Jackpot Rules: Paytable Click on 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to a player of this game is 94.88%. Pay Lines: Last modification date: 9/27/2022