Captains Treasure 5-Reel 9-Line Slots The objective of Captain’s Treasure™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP button showing the number of remaining spins. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. In this game, paylines pay both left to right and right to left. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost or the rightmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive. If more than one active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. In case one payline contains two winning combinations (one starting from the leftmost and the other from the rightmost reel), you are paid for both combinations. 5 of a kind wins are paid once per line. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. If a winning combination on an active payline contains at least one substituting WILD symbol, the payout for that payline is doubled. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. SCATTER SYMBOL 2 to 5 SCATTER symbols on the reels award a payout that is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. The symbols have to lie consecutively, starting from the leftmost or the rightmost reel. They do not have to follow any payline. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.06%. Last modification date: 6/9/2021