Dynamite Digger Dynamite Digger is a five reel, twenty line slot with an Exploding Reels feature. Dynamite Digger Exploding Reels Feature All symbol combinations defined in the pay table will trigger the Exploding Reels feature during game play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are displayed in the 'Won' field. All winning symbols in the combination disappear. All symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence, to fill the empty spaces. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are displayed in the 'Won' field. At the point when no winning symbol combinations are created and all wins are accumulated, winnings are credited to the user’s account balance. The Exploding Reels feature remains active until no winning symbol combinations are created. Dynamite Digger Pay Table Winnings paid out on Dynamite Digger are dependent on the symbols displayed on the line once the reels have come to a stop. The potential payouts can be seen by clicking on the Pay Table button within the game. Game Rules The following game rules apply: You can bet up to £5.00 per line creating a total maximum bet of £100 per spin. The minimum bet is £0.01 The maximum win amount for this game is £30k All wins pay from left to right. Any winning combination of matched symbols must start from reel 1 to 5 consecutively. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled line only. Exploding Reels will activate on winning lines only. In the event of a winning line the winning symbols will be removed and symbols will fall from above to fill the space. This set of symbols will then be evaluated for winning lines and so on. The Exploding Reels feature will continue until there are no longer any winning symbol combinations. Autoplay functionality is available for Dynamite Digger, where the game will play out until triggered to stop via; a spin limit, wins of a set amount or losses of a set amount We reserve the right to amend these game rules at any time. The RTP for Dynamite Digger is 95.52% (based on a game with the maximum number of lines selected). Malfunction In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/18/2020