Pantry Plunder 5-reel 20-line Slot The objective of the Pantry Plunder™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. Wins can form on any payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the payouts section of the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Clicking the round Spin button spins the reels with the current total bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the AUTO button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically, an overall loss limit and a single win limit. During the Auto Play mode, the spin button turns into a STOP button that displays the number of remaining spins. The mode ends, when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when a win or a loss limit has been reached, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the STOP button. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulated winnings. Paytable pages Clicking the i button opens the paytable describing the different game components. Navigate with the arrows between the different sections of the paytable. Clicking the Continue button exits the paytable pages and returns you to the game. Paylines All 20 paylines are permanently active, and can be viewed from their section in the paytable pages. Payouts Payouts are listed on the Payouts section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If several payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except scatter symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Cheese Wilds If a cheese symbol lands next to a mouse, the mouse will turn it into a CHEESE WILD symbol. All previously visible CHEESE WILD symbols connecting to it in a horizontal line will stay in place and turn into STICKY CHEESE for the next spin. If no additional cheese symbol lands next to existing STICKY CHEESE symbols, they will be removed and reveal the regular symbols underneath, which can result in an unexpected line win. CHEESE and CHEESE WILD symbols don't pay on their own. The mice positions on the reels are persistent and stored per bet they have been awarded with. Special bonuses During any spin with no mice on the reels, the SPECIAL BONUS feature can be randomly triggered. The player has to choose one out of 3 offered hidden SPECIAL BONUSES. The won bonus will then be applied to the ongoing spin right away. 2, 3 or 4 CHEESE WILD symbols on a horizontal line. 2 CHEESE WILD symbols and the FARMERS WIFE WILD Bonus symbol on a horizontal line - guaranteed trigger of the FARMERS WIFE WILD or better. 3 CHEESE WILD symbols and the WHACK-A-MOUSE Bonus symbol on a horizontal line - guaranteed trigger of the WHACK-A-MOUSE BONUS or better. 4 CHEESE WILD symbols and the BIG CHEESE TRAIL Bonus symbol on a horizontal line - guaranteed trigger of the BIG CHEESE TRAIL BONUS. Guaranteed 5 OF A KIND win with a random line win symbol. Guaranteed line win with one symbol, which will then turn into the RUSH symbol. Visible RUSH symbols will stay in place and non-RUSH symbols will be replaced for as long as additional RUSH symbols land. If no additional RUSH symbol lands, the final result will be evaluated and awarded. Bonus Symbois A bonus symbol can be reached by a mouse through CHEESE WILDS directly in one spin or over several spins. The mouse will always trigger the farmost right bonus symbol it can reach. Entering a bonus round resets all active CHEESE WILDS that lead to that bonus. A mouse will always stop at the last Bonus symbol to trigger that Bonus and not run any further. FARMERS WIFE WILD When a mouse reaches the FARMERS WIFE WILD bonus symbol on reel 3, the whole reel will turn into an EXPANDING WILD and complete incomplete paylines. WHACK-A-MOUSE BONUS Whack the granted amount of mice with the hammer and either get a cash prize per whack or additional whacks awarded! BIG CHEESE TRAIL BONUS Play the awarded amount of die rolls to get as far as you can on the BIG CHEESE TRAIL. The further you get, the more you will win. The highest multiplier awarded when you run out of die rolls is the one you will actually win. Additional die rolls and boosts can be awarded on the trail. If you reach the BIG CHEESE WHEEL OF FORTUNE at the end of the trail, you are guaranteed a massive win! Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. If available, you can check the game history to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a bonus round or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the bonus game after you log back into the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.87%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/14/2020