Mega Fire Blaze: Big Circus Mega Fire Blaze™: Big Circus!™ 5-reel 30-line slot The objective of the Mega Fire Blaze™: Big Circus!™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Ring Master . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, the Cannon symbol and the Target symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Game Logo . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Target Symbol and Cannon Symbol: Any combination of 6 or more Target and Cannon symbols in any position triggers the Mega Fire Blaze Respin Feature . Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 5 Free Games are awarded. During each Free Games spin, all Wild symbols participating in a line win will double the value of that win. During Free Games, 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 5 additional Free Games. During Free Games, any combination of 6 or more Target and Cannon symbols in any position triggers the Mega Fire Blaze Respin Feature . Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Mega Fire Blaze Respin Feature: Any combination of 6 or more Target and Cannon symbols in any position trigger the Mega Fire Blaze Respin Feature . At the beginning of the feature, all triggering Target and Cannon symbols are held in place, and 5 additional symbol rows are displayed, each with 2 padlocks. Any symbols landing on padlocked rows do not contribute to any prizes awarded. At the beginning of the feature, 3 respins are awarded. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new active symbols on an unlocked row, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. Active symbols include Target , Cannon , Strongman , Trapeze Woman and Clown . Any Cannon symbol that contributes to the feature trigger or that lands on an unlocked row will remove one padlock from the lowest locked row. The Cannon symbol will then transform into a held Target symbol with a prize. When both padlocks are removed from a locked row, it will unlock. Any Strongman symbol that lands on an unlocked row will increase the value of up to 10 other held symbols. The Strongman symbol will then transform into a held Target symbol with a prize. Any Trapeze Woman symbol that lands on an unlocked row will accumulate the sum of prize values from up to 10 other held symbols. The Trapeze Woman symbol will then transform into a held Target symbol with a prize equal to the accumulated sum. Any Clown symbol that lands on an unlocked row will award up to 5 additional held Target symbols. The Clown symbol will then transform into a held Target symbol with a prize. If all available symbol positions are locked or if 4 locked rows become unlocked in the course of the feature, the curtains covering the symbol position at the top of the reels will be opened. Every respin with the curtains opened will give the player a chance to win the GRAND prize (GRAND prize value = total bet x 2000). The GRAND prize can only be won once per feature. When all 3 respins have been used or when all available symbol positions, including the top symbol position, have been filled, the respins will be complete. All prizes displayed on unlocked symbol positions will be awarded and the feature will end. Any held Star icon will transform to award the MAJOR (MAJOR prize value = total bet x 500), MINOR (MINOR prize value = total bet x 100) or MINI (MINI prize value = total bet x 20) prize. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.42%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/18/2024