Age of The Gods Norse Ways of Thunder 5-Reel 3125-Way Slot TO PLAY THE GAME Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON’T SHOW AGAIN if you want to skip this screen in future. This game can be played with up to 3125 Ways to Win . The game starts with 45 Ways to Win . The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 10 (fixed multiplier value). Press – or + to choose the total bet. Press TURBO OFF to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Pressing STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coin value is total bet divided by 10. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Thor's Free Games are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up and down with the mouse wheel. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press X . ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. BONUS win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 ALL WAYS FEATURE The game is played with a variable number of Ways to Win. The game starts with 45 Ways to Win . The number of Ways to Win per spin can rise to 3125 via the Lightning feature. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols appearing in any position on each consecutive reel. BONUS symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the BONUS symbol can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the BONUS symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. BONUS SYMBOL The golden circle with a tree on it is the BONUS symbol in the game. The circle will flip when landing to reveal the word ' BONUS '. When 3 or more BONUS symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Thor's Free Games feature is triggered. BONUS symbols can trigger the feature even when they land on locked reels. LIGHTNING FEATURE The reel set has 5 unlockable levels. Every consecutive win or landing 2 SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels unlocks another level of the reelset (until level 6 is reached). A losing spin reverts the reelset 1 level down. Each reelset level has a different number of Ways to Win. 1 Level – 45 Ways to Win 2 Level – 135 Ways to Win 3 Level – 405 Ways to Win 4 Level – 675 Ways to Win 5 Level – 1125 Ways to Win 6 Level – 3125 Ways to Win The number of Ways to Win is saved per bet amount. Raising or lowering the bet amount will load the number of Ways to Win saved to that amount. THOR'S FREE GAMES When 3 or more BONUS symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Thor's Free Games feature is triggered. During Thor's Free Games , 2 BONUS symbols trigger 2 extra free games. During Thor's Free Games , the reel set rises 1 level each winning spin (until it reaches level 6) and does not revert back to previous level after a losing spin. After the feature ends, you will transition back to the main game with the reel set used during the final free game. Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot includes: Ultimate Power Jackpot and Daily Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Ultimate Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse Ultimate Power Jackpot and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot . The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time and date displayed on the ticker. Spinning the reels within the date and time shown on the Daily Jackpot ticker may trigger the Daily Jackpot . If the current Daily Jackpot is won before the date and time shown on the Daily Jackpot ticker, 1 or more jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 1.11% of each bet placed. 75.68% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 24.32% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is funded by the operator. Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): Daily Jackpot : Dynamic amount, dependent on players contribution. Ultimate Power : €100,000. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. If no Jackpot win paid for the guaranteed time period where the Daily Strike Jackpot must be won, then that Jackpot will be paid to the last player who contributed during this time period. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without the Jackpot Contribution is 94.50%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95.05%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020