Tip Top Totems 5-reel 20-line slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Don’t show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. Wins can form on any payline. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE, which will spin the reels until the TOTEMANIA FREE GAMES or JACKPOT features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. SCATTER payouts are multiplied by the total bet. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 20. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the text ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The symbol with the text ‘SCATTER’ on it is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Totemania Feature: Every consecutive winning spin increases the consecutive wins status. You must spin at least 4 consecutive winning spins to win a prize. The prize awarded on your consecutive wins status is displayed on the totem pole. The prize is awarded automatically after your next non-winning spin, or when you spin 10 consecutive wins. 4 consecutive winning spins and a consecutive non-winning spin on the 5th spin award 5 free spins with a ×2 multiplier and up to 1 random WILD symbol. 5 consecutive winning spins and a consecutive non-winning spin on the 6th spin award 10 free spins with a ×2 multiplier and up to 2 random WILD symbols. 6 consecutive winning spins and a consecutive non-winning spin on the 7th spin award the Tip Jackpot . The Tip Jackpot value = Total Bet × 40. 7 consecutive winning spins and a consecutive non-winning spin on the 8th spin award 15 free spins with a ×3 multiplier and up to 3 random WILD symbols. 8 consecutive winning spins and a consecutive non-winning spin on the 9th spin award the Top Jackpot . The Top Jackpot value = Total Bet × 100. 9 consecutive winning spins and a consecutive non-winning spin on the 10th spin award 20 free spins with a ×4 multiplier and up to 4 random WILD symbols. The Totem Jackpot is awarded after spinning the 10th consecutive winning spin. The Totem Jackpot value = Total Bet × 500. The feature ends after free spins have been played or a jackpot has been paid. The consecutive win status resets to 0 in all cases except Totem Jackpot after which the status resets to 1. Note: The consecutive wins status is saved per bet amount. Note: The larger you bet, the bigger the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.56%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020