Queen of the Pyramids: Mega Collect Em Queen of the Pyramids: Mega Collect'Em™ 5-reel, 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. Wins can form on any payline. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm. Press TURBO to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. Feature and symbol payouts are listed in the paytable. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The line bet value is the total bet divided by 30. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 30. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol: The symbol with a pair of eyes and the word 'WILD' on it is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect'Em™, Cash Prize, Diamond and Free Games symbols. Special Wild Symbol: The symbol with a gold ornament and the word 'WILD' on it is the Special Wild symbol in the game. The Special Wild symbol can only land during Free Games. The Special Wild symbol triggers the Dropping Wilds feature when it lands. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reels 1 and/or 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize, Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Mega Collect'Em™ Feature: The Mega Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on reels 1-5 during the Free Games, and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 4 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are corresponded to the players total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. The symbol with the key on it is the Key symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly, or unlocks a lock in Free Games. If more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels, every coin symbol will be collected once per each Collect'Em™ symbol on reels. Note: Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note: Free Games symbols contain values of +2, +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels 1 and/or 5, and 1 or more Free Games coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol collected once for each Collect'Em™ symbol present on the reels. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games, 5 extra locked rows are added to the reels. Each locked row has its own count of locks. Each collected Key symbol removes 1 lock. When all locks are removed, the row unlocks on the next spin. During Free Games, the Collect'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels and locks on the reels for 3 spins, whenever it lands on the main reels and first 3 extra rows. On the 4th extra row each Collect'Em™ symbol will lock for 5 spins. On the 5th extra row frozen Collect'Em™ symbol will stay in place for the rest of the Free Games. Note: Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note: New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. During Free Games, each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Prize, Diamond, Free Games and/or Key symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games, and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect'Em™ Prize. There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI. Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol is locked on the reels during Free Games. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Dropping Wilds: During Free Games, the Dropping Wilds feature can be triggered by landing a Special Wild symbol. When a Special Wild symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels along with a Collect'Em™ symbol, a stack of Wild symbols will drop on the main reels on the reel directly below the Special Wild symbol. If there is already a Wild symbol on that reel, the position with it will gain a multiplier. If there are 2 or more Collect'Em™ symbols activating a Special Wild symbol, each of them will increase stacked Wild multipliers values by +1. Multiplier values on Wild symbols are capped at ×3. Wild multipliers are additive. Cash Spreader: During Free Games, the Cash Spreader feature can be triggered. The symbol with a pharaoh staff on it is the Cash Spreader symbol in the game. When a Cash Spreader symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, the Cash Spreader symbol will spread up to 5 random coins on the extra reels. Spread coins can't land on locked reels or already occupied positions. After spreading, a Cash Spreader symbol will transform into a random coin. Sticky Cash Symbol: The symbol with a cash value and a flaming border on it is the Sticky Cash symbol in the game. The Sticky Cash symbol can appear only during the Free Games feature. When a Sticky Cash symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, it will freeze whenever it lands until it becomes a Diamond coin symbol. The Sticky Cash symbol awards a cash prize equal to its value every time it is collected by a Collect'Em™ symbol. The value of Sticky Cash symbols start at ×1 the total bet. With every spin, when 1 or more Collect'Em™ symbols are present on the reels, Sticky Cash value will double. When Sticky Cash value reaches ×16 total bet, then on the following spin the Sticky Cash symbol will transform into Diamond coin symbol. Once the Diamond coin symbol is collected and a prize is awarded, the symbol will unfreeze and will spin off the reels. Please note: The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $500.00. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.46%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/14/2025