Gem Splash Rainbows Gift 5-reel 30-line slot The objective of the Gem Splash™: Rainbows Gift™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines in the base game is permanently set at 30. During the free games, the number of paylines varies. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Pot of Gold . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Gem Splash™ Feature: The Gem Drop symbol can appear on top of any symbol position or above the reels on any spin. The Gem Drop symbol will move down one row with every spin until it drops below the reel array. Each Gem Drop symbol displays a prize. Prizes can be 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 30x, 60x or 100x total bet. When a Gem Drop symbol covers a landed Gem Splash symbol, the value on the Gem Drop symbol is awarded. Once the Gem Drop symbol has been awarded, its value will be increased on the next spin. The maximum value of a Gem Drop symbol is 100x total bet. The location and multiplier values of Gem Drop symbols on-screen depend on the current bet. If the bet is changed, the Gem Drop symbols will change as well. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 8 free games are awarded. Any Gem Drop symbols present during the spin that triggered the free games will be removed for the duration of the free games. New Gem Drop symbols may appear during the free games. These may include big Gem Drop symbols that cover more than one symbol position. Sizes for Gem Drop symbols may be 1x1 or 2x2, measured in symbol positions covered. The prize shown on a big Gem Drop will be awarded once for every Gem Splash symbol that lands under it. Prizes that appear on big Gem Drop symbols can be 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 30x, 60x or 100x. The maximum value of a Gem Drop prize in the free games is 100x total bet. Once the Gem Drop symbol has been awarded, its value will be increased on the next spin. The play grid begins as 4x5. Every 2 spins an extra row is added to the bottom of the play grid. The maximum number of rows is 7. Depending on the play grid size, the number of lines will change: 4x5 = 30 lines 5x5 = 35 lines 6x5 = 40 lines 7x5 = 50 lines During the free games, 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 3 additional free games. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Gem Splash™ Jackpot The Gem Splash™ Jackpot includes: Grand Jackpot , Major Jackpot and Minor Jackpot . The Grand Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Grand Jackpot. The Grand Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Gem Splash™ Grand Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. The Major Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Major Jackpot . The Major Jackpot will be awarded before the Major Jackpot ticker reaches the “PAYS BY” amount shown. The Minor Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Minor Jackpot . The Minor Jackpot will be awarded before the Minor Jackpot ticker reaches the “PAYS BY” amount shown. All Gem Splash™ Jackpots are awarded in the Jackpot Feature. Any spin of any amount can trigger the Jackpot Feature. During the Jackpot Feature, a large gem will appear. The large gem may stop and reveal a prize. The prize will either be a cash prize or the Minor, Major or Grand Jackpot. The Jackpot Feature can be triggered during the main game only. The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. If the prize awarded in the Jackpot Feature is a cash prize, it will be 10x, 15x, 20x, 30x, 50x or 100x total bet. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 3.99% of each bet placed. 40.23% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 59.77% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Gem Splash™ games, which are available through multiple casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating casinos. The Grand Jackpot , Major Jackpot and Minor Jackpot are funded by the operator. The seed pot funds the Grand Jackpot seed, Major Jackpot seed, the Minor Jackpot seed. (The seed is the amount of money a jackpot begins with.) Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 96.46%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020