Giant Grizzly 5-reel 432-ways slot The objective of the Giant Grizzly slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: This game is played with 432 Ways to Win. 3 or more matching symbols on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, trigger a win. The total bet is fixed at 10 × coin value. Wins are multiplied by your coin value. Click the + and - buttons to select your coin value. Clicking the ⚡ button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Clicking the round Spin button spins the reels with the current total bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the AUTO button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode, the spin button turns into a STOP button that displays the number of remaining spins. The mode ends when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the STOP button. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until an interactive feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given Way to Win, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different Ways to Win are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulated winnings. Paytable pages Clicking the i button opens the paytable describing the different game components. Ways to Win This game is played with 432 Ways to Win. The amount of Ways to Win is fixed. Any combination of 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on adjacent reels starting from the left will form a win. Payouts Payouts are listed in the Payouts section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin value must be multiplied by the payout. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. On a given Way to Win, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different Ways to Win are accumulated. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol, except Scatter symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. Highlights appear randomly on reels 2,3 and 4 exclusively. When a Wild symbol lands behind a highlight, that highlight will be applied and disappear for the ongoing spin or cascade. Scatter The Scatter symbol in the game is the Free Games symbol. Scatter symbols trigger in any position. Action Grizzly Wilds Collects any cash prize displayed in a highlighted area it lands behind. Substitutes for all symbols except Free Games symbols. Expanding Grizzly Wilds Expanding Grizzly Wilds expand when landing behind highlighted areas. When landing behind highlighed areas on adjacent reels, Expanding Grizzly Wilds can expand to 1x3, 2x2, 2x3 and 3x3. Substitutes for all symbols except Free Games symbols. Grizzly Free Games Grizzly Free Games are triggered by 3 or more Scatter symbols landing anywhere on the reels. During Free Games, only Rampage Wild symbols appear, which substitute for both Expandind Grizzly Wild and Action Grizzly Wild symbols. Rampage Wild symbols simultaneously expand and collect cash prizes when landing behind highlighted areas. Grizzly Free Games are played with cascading reels . Winning symbols will burst and be replaced by new symbols dropping in from the top. The cascade ends, when no new wins form. Additional Grizzly Free Games can be won by landing 3 or more Free Games symbols during Free Games. Grizzly Free Games can be retriggered up to 3 times per feature. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. If available, you can check the game history to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a bonus round or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the bonus game after you log back into the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.19%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020