Aces and Faces Multi Hand Aces and Faces™ Multi-Hand The objective of Aces and Faces™ Multi-Hand is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a winning combination. Each hand uses its own deck of cards. The better your hand, the bigger the payout. You choose which cards to replace, and you may replace your cards only once. After each round, used cards are returned to the decks and the decks are shuffled. TO PLAY THE GAME Select the number of hands you wish to play with in the BET OPTION panel under the cards. Click '–' or '+' adjacent to the BET PER HAND text at the bottom left of the screen to select the size of the bet per hand. Click '–' or '+' adjacent to the HANDS text to select the number of hands you want to play. It is possible to select 1, 4, 10 or 25 hands. Please note that you can change the number of hands only at the beginning of the game round. The bet size you choose is per hand. Your total bet in a game round is equal to your bet per hand multiplied by your chosen number of hands. The limits displayed on the left of the screen apply per game round. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. Click the HOLD button beneath a card, or on the card itself, to keep it. The game has an auto-hold feature where cards that make up a winning hand in the original deal are automatically held. To replace the cards that you did not choose to hold, click the DRAW button again. After the cards have been replaced, your cards are checked for any winning combinations. If you are playing with 4 or more hands, clicking on a single hand opens an enlarged view of the hand (provided that all cards in the hand are face up). If you end the game round with a winning hand, you can accept the win by clicking the DEAL button to start the new game round, or try to double the win by clicking GAMBLE to play the Gamble feature. Please note: The Gamble button is disabled while the main game until a win occurs. ABOUT PAYOUTS All winning combinations and their payouts are described in the paytable that is accessible via Menu and in the main game on the left . To learn the win amount for a hand, multiply its payout value by your bet. The lowest winning combination is Jacks or Better. If you have winning combinations on multiple hands, your winnings are added together. BUTTONS DEAL / DRAW - deal a new hand or replace the cards you did not hold. BET PER HAND (+ / - ) – change the value of the bet per hand. HANDS (+ / - ) – select the number of hands to play with. HOLD / HELD – click to keep a card, click again to release the card. GAMBLE – start the Gamble feature. COLLECT – collect the win. RED – bet that the next card revealed in the Gamble feature is red. BLACK - bet that the next card revealed in the Gamble feature is black. GAMBLE If you end up with at least one winning hand, you can click GAMBLE to try and double all or half of your win amount received from the game round. In the Gamble feature you will see 5 cards face down. Click the RED button or the BLACK button above the DOUBLE TO field to stake your entire win for a chance to double it. Click the RED button or the BLACK button above the DOUBLE HALF TO field to stake half of your win for a chance to double it, and deposit the other half into BANK. If your current win cannot be evenly divided by two, it is split into two as evenly as possible. The smaller half can be used for a DOUBLE HALF TO bet while the larger half is placed in BANK. The number in the DOUBLE HALF TO field shows the amount you could win combined with the amount you placed in BANK. Clicking RED or BLACK will reveal the first card. If the color of the revealed card matches the button you clicked, you will win double your stake. You can then click COLLECT to collect your win or click RED or BLACK to double again. If the revealed card does not match the button you last clicked, the amount in BANK is lost and you will return to the main game. The amount you would win by doubling up is shown in the DOUBLE TO and the DOUBLE HALF TO fields, respectively. The BANK field shows the amount that you have banked (and can collect). The Gamble feature is a separate game round and can be viewed in the Game History. You can keep trying to double up until you lose or reach the Gamble feature win limit. After the fifth win in the round (when all 5 cards have been turned face up), if the Gamble feature win limit has not been reached then all the cards will shift left and a new face-down card will appear to the right (to be used for the next DOUBLE TO or DOUBLE HALF TO bet). PAYTABLE ROYAL FLUSH – This hand contains 10, J, Q, K and ACE, all in the same suit. Multiplier 800 Example : FOUR ACES – Four Aces. Multiplier 80 Example : STRAIGHT FLUSH – This hand contains 5 cards of sequential rank, all of them in the same suit. Multiplier 50 Example : FOUR JACKS, QUEENS OR KINGS – Four Jacks, four Queens or four Kings. Multiplier 40 Example : FOUR 2’S THROUGH 10’S - A combination of four cards with identical values in the range 2–10. For example, 2-2-2-2 or 10-10-10-10. The suit is irrelevant. Multiplier 25 FULL HOUSE – This hand contains 3 cards of the same rank and 2 cards in another rank. Multiplier 8 Example : FLUSH – This hand contains 5 cards of the same suit but not in a sequence. Multiplier 5 Example : STRAIGHT – This hand contains 5 cards of sequential rank including at least 2 cards in different suits. Multiplier 4 Example : THREE OF A KIND – This hand contains 3 cards of one rank plus 2 cards of two different ranks. Multiplier 3 Example : TWO PAIRS – This hand contains 2 cards of one rank and 2 cards of another rank. Multiplier 2 Example : JACKS OR BETTER – Two Jacks (Queens, Kings or Aces) and three other cards. Multiplier 1 Example : DYNAMIC PAYTABLE Winning card combinations are displayed in the dynamic paytable on the left side of the screen. If you have selected more than one hand to play with, a badge with the number of winning hands will appear next to the relevant combination in the dynamic paytable. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 99 . 26 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 9/25/2019