Wild Gambler 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Wild Gambler™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. Normal symbols can be turned into WILD symbols. Clicking on a symbol selects it and turns it into a WILD symbol. Clicking on a WILD symbol de-selects it and removes the WILD symbol. The line bet can be selected on the LINE STAKE panel. Click the arrow buttons beside the LINE STAKE to choose the line bet. You can switch on or off the Auto Lock feature. When turned on, all new WILD symbols that appear on the reels are automatically locked and kept during the subsequent spins. If the Auto Lock feature is disabled, only the WILD symbols selected by the player will be carried forward in the Lock & Spin mode. Auto Lock is enabled by default. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Clicking the LOCK & SPIN button locks the WILD symbols currently on the reels in place and spins the reels so that only the other symbols move. This increases the chance of getting wins. The total bet will be shown on the LOCK & SPIN button and will vary depending on where the WILD symbols are on the reels. Note: the total bet in Lock & Spin mode is always higher than the total bet in the normal spin mode. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During the Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAYS button changes into STOP . Click the STOP button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed beside the STOP button. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. The paytable can be accessed via the PAYTABLE button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 5 WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. The player has the option to change any symbol into a WILD symbol. This is done by clicking on the symbol, which 'locks' a WILD symbol in place. Locking the WILD symbols means that it will be held from 1 spin to the next, and only the other symbols will move when the reels are spun in Lock & Spin mode. A small padlock in the upper right-hand corner of the WILD symbol indicates that it is locked. When new WILD symbols land they lock automatically (if Auto Lock mode is enabled) or can be locked by clicking on them (if Auto Lock mode is disabled). When Auto Lock mode is enabled, the padlocks on the WILD symbols are black. When Auto Lock mode is disabled, the padlocks on the WILD symbols are red. Auto Lock mode is enabled by default. Locked WILD symbols can be unlocked by clicking on them or by switching to normal spin mode. Switching to the normal spin mode will unlock all WILD symbols. FREE SPINS During the main game, meerkats appear occasionally at the bottom of the game window holding up letters. When 5 meerkats holding up 'B', 'O', 'N', 'U' and 'S' letters appear after a spin, the Free Spins feature is triggered. Click CLICK TO START to enter the bonus round. A message appears at the beginning of the feature saying that you have won 8 Free Spins. To start the feature, click OK . During Free Spins, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that won the feature. All WILD symbols from the feature triggering spin will be locked and any new WILD symbols that land during the feature will be automatically locked for the remaining free spins. Note: new WILD symbols lock regardless of whether the Auto Lock feature is enabled or disabled. After each free spin, the Total Win field below the reels shows the winnings from the current spin. The upper left Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free spins played so far. After all free spins have been completed a screen appears showing the accumulated winnings from all free spins. The overall amount you have won during the free spins will also be displayed in the Total Win field in the main game. Casino Toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Paylines Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Only active paylines can register wins. Buttons Paytable - Open the Paytable of the game. The Paytable is scrollable. Clicking X exits the Paytable and returns to the game. Auto-Lock on/off - enable/disable the Auto Lock mode. Line Stake arrow buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Lock & Spin - Spin the reels in the Lock & Spin mode. Autoplay / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reel spin mode. Spin - Spin the reels. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 91.89% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020