Age of the Gods Rulers Of Olympus 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Age of the Gods™: Rulers of Olympus is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Click '−' or '+' under TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into the STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Battle for Power Free Games , Olympus Free Games , Thunderbolt Bonus or Age of the Gods™ Jackpot feature is triggered. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click the CONTINUE button on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu or by clicking on the INFO button. Line bet = total bet divided by the number of active paylines. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS There are 3 Wild symbols in the game: Regular WILD , Zeus WILD and Hera WILD . The WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except the SCATTER symbols to make the highest possible winning combination. Zeus WILD and Hera WILD symbols can land anywhere on the reels during any main game. When Zeus WILD and Hera WILD symbols land on the same row during the main game (with the Zeus WILD symbol to the left of the Hera WILD symbol), Battle for Power Free Games is triggered. SCATTER SYMBOLS There are 2 SCATTER symbols in the game: Olympus Free Games SCATTER and Thunderbolt Bonus SCATTER . When the Olympus Free Games SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, 7 Olympus Free Games are triggered. When the Thunderbolt Bonus SCATTER lands on reel #5, the Thunderbolt Bonus feature is triggered. SHIFTING WILD SYMBOLS The Zeus WILD and Hera WILD symbols are shifting WILD symbols. After shifting WILD symbols land they remain on the reels and shift across 1 position during the next spin. After landing, during each subsequent spin the Zeus WILD symbol shifts 1 position right. After landing, during each subsequent spin the Hera WILD symbol shifts one position left. When a Zeus WILD symbol is on reel #5 it will shift off the reels during the next spin. When a Hera WILD symbol is on reel #1 it will shift off the reels during the next spin. BATTLE FOR POWER FREE GAMES When a Zeus WILD symbol and a Hera WILD symbol both land on the same row during the main game (with the Zeus WILD symbol to the left of the Hera WILD symbol) Battle for Power Free Games is triggered. Click the CLICK TO START button to begin the free games and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up message. Free Games are played with 2 shifting WILD symbols. When a Zeus WILD symbol lands on the same row as a Hera WILD symbol (and the Zeus WILD symbol to the left of the Hera WILD symbol) the pair will fight on the reels. The symbol that loses the fight will shift off the reels and leave extra Regular WILD symbols in their path. Free Games end when a Zeus WILD symbol is defeated. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field below the reels. The number of Free Games played is shown in the Free Games field below the reels. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. OLYMPUS FREE GAMES If an Olympus Free Games SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, 7 Olympus Free Games are triggered. Click the CLICK TO START button to begin free games and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up message. Olympus Free Games are played on a special set of reels that contains 50 paylines. At the start of the feature up to 10 Zeus or Hera WILD symbols can appear on the reels. Zeus and Hera WILD symbols will remain locked in position for all the free games. Additional Zeus and Hera WILD symbols cannot land on the reels during the free games (but the feature can be retriggered indefinitely). During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field above the reels. The number of Free Games left to play is shown in the Free Games Left field above the reels. If the Olympus Free Games SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5 then 7 additional free games are triggered. The current locked Zeus and Hera WILD symbols will disappear from the reels and a number of new Zeus or Hera WILD symbols will appear on the reels and lock in position. The additional free games will be added to the number of free games left to play. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. THUNDERBOLT BONUS When the Thunderbolt Bonus SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, the Thunderbolt Bonus feature is triggered. During this feature up to 7 Regular WILD symbols will be added to random positions in the spin result. Any wins on the reels are then calculated as standard. Note : the Thunderbolt Bonus feature cannot be triggered when there are 1 or more WILD symbols on the reels. The Thunderbolt Bonus SCATTER symbol is also a WILD symbol during the Thunderbolt Bonus feature. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Power: €50 Extra Power: €500 Super Power: €5,000 Ultimate Power: €100,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols for a jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The the jackpot game is triggered randomly and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Tapping on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If the player fails to find 3 matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win pop-up message together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the paytable of the game. Click the X button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking INFO opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Payouts , Features , Paylines , and Jackpot screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking the X button exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 06 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95 . 05 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020