Age of the Gods Ruler of the Dead 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Age of the Gods™: Ruler of the Dead™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press Do not show again to skip entry screen next time you play. In this game only active paylines can register line wins. Press - or + next to TOTAL BET button to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO MODE ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Pressing STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put the cursor over the AUTO PLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Coin Bonus Game or the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the STOP button under AUTO SPINS. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Symbol payouts are listed in the HIGH WIN and LOW WIN sections. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The Coin Game Bonus payouts are listed in the Coin Game Bonus Payouts section. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with active 25 paylines. Total bet per game round is the line bet × 25. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbols: There are 2 WILD symbols that appear in this game. WILD symbols substitute for all other symbols except for other WILD symbols. WILD symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Both WILD symbols appear stacked. The stacked symbol depicting Charon on a boat is the CHARON WILD symbol. The stacked symbol depicting the 3-headed dog Cerberus is the CERBERUS WILD symbol. If at least 1 CHARON WILD symbol lands fully stacked, the Coin Bonus Game is triggered. If the CERBERUS WILD symbol lands fully stacked on the reels and forms part of a win, it multiplies the win by 1×, 2×, 3× or 5×. Coin Bonus Game The Coin Bonus Game is triggered when a CHARON WILD lands fully stacked on reels 2, 3 or 4. If 2 WILDS land fully stacked on reels 2, 3 or 4, and at least 1 is a CHARON WILD , the Coin Bonus Game is triggered with a win multiplier of ×3. If 3 WILDS land fully stacked on reels 2, 3 and 4, and at least 1 is a CHARON WILD , the Coin Bonus Game is triggered with a win multiplier of ×5. The Coin Bonus Game starts automatically when triggered, or you can press the CLICK TO START button. When the feature begins, all the triggering WILD symbols expand and fill reel 3 while the grid expands to 5×5. Reel 3 becomes inactive during this feature. In the Coin Bonus Game , copper, silver and gold coin symbols, as well as win multiplier symbols, can land and lock anywhere on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. If 1 or more coin symbol of the same colour appears on both sides of reel 3, all instances of that colour coin are collected, a payout is awarded, and the reels will respin for free. Each gold coin collected pays 0,8 × the total bet. Each silver coin collected pays 0,4 × the total bet. Each copper coin collected pays 0,2 × the total bet. If a win multiplier symbol is present anywhere on the reels when a win is formed, the total payout for the feature is multiplied by the highest multiplier value shown. The reels will keep respinning for free until no new wins are formed, at which point the feature will end. Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: €50. Extra Power: €500. Super Power: €5,000. Ultimate Power: €100,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note : The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the casino), you will be notified of it by the casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.53% that includes Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/26/2020