Legend of the Jaguar 5-reel, 243-Ways To Win slot The objective of the Legend of the Jaguar slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: This game is played with 243 Ways to Win. 3 or more matching symbols on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, trigger a win. For information on Ways To Win, select i and go to the Ways To Win section. The total bet is fixed at 25 × coin value. Wins are multiplied by your coin value. Click the + and - buttons to select your coin value. Clicking the round Spin button spins the reels with the current total bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the AUTO button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode,the spin button turns into a STOP button that displays the number of remaining spins. The mode ends, when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the STOP button. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a interactive feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given Way to Win, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different Ways to Win are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulated winnings. Paytable pages Clicking the i button opens the paytable describing the different game components. Ways to Win This game is played with 243 Ways to Win. The amount of Ways to Win is fixed. Any combination of 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on adjacent reels starting from the left will form a win. Payouts Payouts are listed on the Payouts section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin value must be multiplied by the payout. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. On a given Way to Win, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different Ways to Win are accumulated. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except scatter symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Scatter symbols trigger in any position. Win cascades and multipliers This is a game with cascading reels. Winning symbols will disappear, non winning symbols on top of them will drop into the empty spaces. Additional symbols can drop into the game area from the top, potentially creating new winning combinations. One single spin can trigger a cascade of winnings. When a win triggers a cascade, the win multiplier is increased by one level. That increased multiplier is applied to the next cascade win. A cascade ends when there are no more way wins present. The win multiplier is reset to lowest available value for the next spin. JAGUAR RESPINS When a Jaguar symbol lands on the middle reel and there is no ways or FREE GAMES win present, free JAGUAR RESPINS are awarded. During JAGUAR RESPINS, the Jaguar symbol will turn the middle reel into an expanded locked Wild and respin all other reels. JAGUAR RESPINS end when a ways win or FREE GAMES are awarded. FREE GAMES FREE GAMES Symbol on reels 1, 3 and 5 award FREE GAMES. Select from 3 different types of FREE GAMES, each having the same average return to player, but different win distribution and volatility. A casting mold will be smashed to determine the amount of FREE GAMES won. The more smashes it takes to break the mould, the more FREE GAMES will be awarded. 3 FREE GAMES Scatter symbols during any type of FREE GAMES award more FREE GAMES of the same type. DOUBLE MULTIPLIERS FREE GAMES The win multipliers for cascade winnings are doubled up to x2, x4, x6 and x10. 10-15 FREE GAMES with high volatility STACKED WILD FREE GAMES One reel full of stacked Wilds at every Free Game round. 6-10 FREE GAMES with medium volatility WINNING FREE GAMES Only FREE GAMES with a ways win or a FREE GAMES win descrease the amount of FREE GAMES remaining. 8-12 FREE GAMES with low volatility Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. If available, you can check the game history to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a bonus round or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the bonus game after you log back into the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020