Rocky 5x5 reel grid, 40-line slot The objective of the Rocky™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 40. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel column as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reel columns, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel column. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol does not appear in the base game. Scatter Symbols: There are 6 types of Scatter symbol - Rocky I , Rocky II , Rocky III , Rocky IV , Rocky V and Rocky RB . Scatter symbols can only appear in the 4 corner positions of the reel array during the main game. If the same Scatter symbol lands in all 4 corner positions, a feature will be triggered. 4 Rocky I Scatter symbols triggers the Apollo Creed Free Games . 4 Rocky II Scatter symbols triggers the Heavyweight Feature . 4 Rocky III Scatter symbols triggers the Clubber Lang Free Games . 4 Rocky IV Scatter symbols triggers the Ivan Drago Hold & Respins . 4 Rocky V Scatter symbols triggers the Multi-Wheel Feature . 4 Rocky RB Scatter symbols triggers the Rocky Balboa Training Feature . Rocky I: Apollo Creed Free Games: When 4 Rocky I Scatter symbols land simultaneously in the 4 corners of the reel array, the Apollo Creed Free Games are triggered. 8 Free Games are awarded. During Free Games, sticky Wild symbols may appear on top of the spinning reels. These Wild symbols will remain in place until the end of the feature. The sticky Wild symbols will be evaluated in determining line wins. Any symbol covered by a sticky Wild symbol will not be evaluated. The Apollo Creed Free Games are not retriggerable. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Rocky II: Heavyweight Feature: When 4 Rocky II Scatter symbols land simultaneously in the 4 corners of the reel array, the Heavyweight Feature is triggered. At the beginning of the feature 3 picks are awarded. There are 9 Gloves to pick from. When a Glove is picked, it will reveal a Cash Prize. It may also reveal a Gold Coin. Gold Coins award 3 extra picks. When all picks have been used, the sum of all revealed cash prizes will be paid and the feature will end. Rocky III: Clubber Lang Free Games: When 4 Rocky III Scatter symbols land simultaneously in the 4 corners of the reel array, the Clubber Lang Free Games are triggered. 6 Free Games are awarded. During each Free Game, a rectangular symbol area is guaranteed to reveal all Clubber Lang symbols or all Rocky symbols. This special rectangular symbol area will be at least 2 symbols wide and 2 symbols high. The Clubber Lang Free Games are not retriggerable. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Rocky IV: Ivan Drago Hold & Respins: When 4 Rocky IV Scatter symbols land simultaneously in the 4 corners of the reel array, the Ivan Drago Hold & Respins are triggered. At the beginning of the feature 3 respins are awarded. During each respin, if one or more Glove lands, the number of rounds will be reset to 3. Gloves that land will display cash prizes. USA gloves will have higher cash prizes, on average, than USSR Gloves. All cash prizes displayed on Gloves will be added to the tally meter when all respins are used or when all 25 reel positions are filled with Gloves. If all 25 reel positions are filled with Gloves, all cash prizes displayed on Gloves will be added to the tally meter between 2 and 4 times in total. Once all prizes are tallied, the tally meter will be paid and the feature will end. Rocky V: Multi-Wheel Feature: When 4 Rocky V Scatter symbols land simultaneously in the 4 corners of the reel array, the Multi-Wheel Feature is triggered. 1 turn is awarded. There are 3 wheels to spin per turn. The smallest wheel awards a multiplier that is applied to the cash value awarded by the middle wheel. The largest wheel may award nothing or may award a respin or a special prize marked V . At the end of a turn, the player is awarded the middle wheel cash prize multiplied by the small wheel multiplier. If the largest wheel landed the V prize, the player will also win 100x total bet. If the largest wheel awards a respin, another turn is awarded. There is no limit to the number of turns that can be awarded. Rocky RB: Rocky Balboa Training Feature: When 4 Rocky RB Scatter symbols land simultaneously in the 4 corners of the reel array, the Rocky Balboa Training Feature is triggered. On the right side of the reel area, a stack of prize multipliers is displayed ranging from 1x to 1000x. A red box indicates that 1x is currently active. Press the START button to begin. The red box will climb the stack, highlighting prize multipliers with higher awards. The red box will then stop at a prize and a PUSH HARDER button will appear. Press the PUSH HARDER button for a chance to increase the prize multiplier by one step on the stack. If the PUSH HARDER chance fails to award a higher prize, the active prize multiplier (x total bet) will be awarded. The feature ends when the active prize multiplier (x total bet) is awarded. Return to Player: The RTP value is the theoretical return to player, calculated by dividing the total winnings by total amount bet from 1000000000 simulated game rounds. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.85%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/13/2024