Superman II 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Superman II is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet x 25. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Daily Planet Headline Bonus or the DC Super Heroes Jackpot is triggered. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into a smaller STOP button. Click this smaller STOP button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. . To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or by clicking the paytable option in the Casino toolbar. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the INFO button or the paytable option in the Casino toolbar. The win amount is calculated by multiplying the line bet by the symbol payout according to the Paytable . If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 or more winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the highest winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The BONUS symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the BONUS symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is the Superman logo. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except BONUS symbols) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more Wild symbols on a payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the Wild is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the Wild standing in). BONUS SYMBOL The BONUS symbol in the game is the DAILY PLANET symbol. When BONUS symbols appear simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5, the Daily Planet Headline Bonus feature is triggered. Note: BONUS symbols have no payout of their own. GAME FEATURES Superman Wild Feature On any main game spin Superman can fly over the reels and replaces 2, 3 or 4 random symbols with WILD symbols. These random symbols may include WILD symbols already on the reels. A BONUS symbol covered by a WILD symbol can still help trigger the Daily Planet Headline Bonus . Superman can fly in 4 possible directions: left to right, right to left, top to bottom, and bottom to top. The WILD symbols he adds land in his wake. The Superman Wild Feature only triggers during the main game. Daily Planet Headline Bonus When BONUS symbols land simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5 the Daily Planet Headline Bonus feature is triggered. In the Daily Planet Headline Bonus 1 of 5 features is awarded at random. Newspapers pile up on the desk automatically during the feature. Click the STOP button to stop the pile-up at a random newspaper. The final newspaper on top of the pile reveals the awarded feature. Daily Planet Headline Bonus can only be triggered during the main game. Lois & Clark Bonus This feature is triggered at random during the Daily Planet Headline Bonus. A video clip will appear on the screen before the feature begins. Click on the video clip to skip the video. Pick from 30 “S” shields to reveal symbols. Revealing red, blue, yellow, or violet symbol will add that symbol to the collection area for the corresponding cash prize (visible at the right of the screen). Collect 5 matching symbols to win a cash prize. Revealing a WILD symbol behind a shield will increase the total symbols in each collection area by 1. Revealing a Boost symbol doubles all the cash prizes that can be won. The feature ends when 1 or more cash prizes are won. It is possible to win all 4 cash prizes in the same round. A video clip will appear on the screen after the feature ends. Click on the video clip to skip the video. When the feature ends a win summary will appear that lists the total of all cash prizes won during the feature. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game. Battle for Metropolis Bonus This feature is triggered at random during the Daily Planet Headline Bonus . A video clip will appear on the screen before the feature begins. Click on the video clip to skip the video. Pick from 6 “S” symbols to reveal a cash prize, a Crystal, an X-ray Vision symbol, or Collect. There are 10 stages. The first 9 stages each have 6 “S” symbols to pick from and the final stage has 2 “S” symbols to choose from. A video clip appears every time you choose an “S” symbol. You can skip the video by clicking on it to return to the game. Revealing a cash prize advances you to the next stage, or ends the feature if you are on the final stage. Revealing Collect ends the feature, unless you have a stored Crystal. Revealing a Crystal will cause it to be stored at the bottom of the screen. If a Collect symbol is revealed in a subsequent stage, a stored Crystal will be used automatically to prevent the feature from ending and you will be awarded another pick. A Crystal can only be used once. Up to 3 Crystals can be stored at any one time: if you reveal a Crystal while you have 3 stored Crystals then the revealed Crystal will not be stored. Revealing an X-ray Vision symbol will display what is behind all the remaining “S” symbols, award you the largest cash prize available in the stage and then advance you to the next stage if you are not on the final stage of the game. Revealing a cash prize during the final stage ends the feature. When the feature ends a win summary will appear that lists the total of all cash prizes revealed during the feature. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game. Phantom Zone Free Games This feature is triggered at random during the Daily Planet Headline Bonus . A video clip will appear on the screen before the feature begins. Click on the video clip to skip the video. This feature contains a special horizontal reel that sits beneath the main reels. This reel has empty spaces and 4 types of symbol: a X2 multiplier, a X3 multiplier, an “S” symbol and a bomb. An unlimited number of free games are awarded. During the feature the reels spin automatically. Free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. When a X2 or X3 multiplier lands on the horizontal reel it applies to any wins from the current spin result on the reels. When a bomb symbol lands on the horizontal reel the feature ends, unless there is an “S” symbol in the collection area to the left of the horizontal reel. When an “S” symbol lands on the horizontal reel it leaves the horizontal reel strip and is placed in the collection area to the left of the horizontal reel. A collected “S” symbol is automatically used later to prevent the feature from ending when a bomb symbol lands on the horizontal reel. An “S” symbol can only be used once. A maximum of 3 “S” symbols may be held in the collection area at any one time. As the reels spin, the Phantom Zone Wild occupies a different 2x2 sized area on the reels and functions as a WILD symbol. On each spin, the Phantom Zone Wild flies to another random 2x2 sized area on the main reels. The total win from all free games is displayed in the FREE GAMES WIN field at the top right of the reels. When the feature ends a win summary will appear that lists the total win from the feature. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game. Skyline Fight Free Games This feature is triggered at random during the Daily Planet Headline Bonus . A video clip will appear on the screen before the feature begins. Click on the video clip to skip the video. 10 free games are awarded. During the feature the reels spin automatically. Free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the feature, 2 special symbols can land on reel #3: the Superman Free Games symbol and the Zod Free Games symbol. When the Superman Free Games symbol lands on reel #3, the SPINS LEFT counter freezes. Free games are unlimited while the SPINS LEFT counter is frozen. Each Superman Free Games symbol that lands while the SPINS LEFT counter is frozen will cause the win multiplier to increase by 1 (displayed at the top left of the reels), up to a maximum of X5. When the Zod Free Games symbol lands, the SPINS LEFT counter thaws out and the win multiplier resets to X1. The total win from all free games is displayed in the FREE GAMES WIN field at the top right of the reels. The win multiplier is applied to each spin result separately. The feature ends when all 10 free games awarded at the start of the feature have been played (excluding any extra free games played when the SPINS LEFT counter was frozen). When the feature ends a win summary will appear that lists the total win from the feature. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game. X-ray Vision Free Games This feature is triggered at random during the Daily Planet Headline Bonus . A video clip will appear on the screen before the feature begins. Click on the video clip to skip the video. 15 free games are awarded. The X-ray Vision symbol can land on reel #3 during free games. When the X-ray Vision symbol lands on reel #3 it transforms into a WILD symbol. 2 extra WILD symbols are then added to the spin result: one to a random position on reel #2 and one to a random position on reel #4. Extra WILD symbols can be placed on top of WILD symbols already on reels #2 and #4. The total win from all free games is displayed in the FREE GAMES WIN field at the top right of the reels. When the feature ends a win summary will appear that lists the total win from the feature. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level mystery progressive jackpot that is linked to the DC Super Heroes series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the DC Super Heroes games is added to the progressive jackpot. The percentage of all bets placed is split between four jackpot levels, which are displayed in the upper part of the game screen, above the reels. Any level of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game, which can be triggered randomly after any main game spin in any of the DC Super Heroes series of games. It is not triggered by any symbol combination, and even a main game spin that does not result in a win can trigger the jackpot game. Triggering the jackpot game is possible at any bet size, but the chances increase or decrease proportionally with the size of the bet. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots: Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Grand Jackpot. The four different jackpot levels represent different prize amounts, with the Mini Jackpot awarding the smallest prize and the Grand Jackpot awarding the largest. The jackpot game screen features a selection grid with 20 hexagonal cells. Picking a cell reveals one of the four energy colours, each one corresponding to one of the four progressive jackpots: Green for Mini Jackpot, Blue for Minor Jackpot, Yellow for Major Jackpot and Red for Grand Jackpot. When a colour is revealed, it fills one of the energy balls under the relevant jackpot field. Each one of the jackpots requires a different number of energy balls filled in order to be won: 2 balls for Mini Jackpot, 3 balls for Minor Jackpot, 4 balls for Major Jackpot and 5 balls for Grand Jackpot. The player picks cells from the grid until the required number of balls in the same colour have been selected to win one of the jackpots. Once all matching balls have been collected, the corresponding jackpot level will be awarded. Clicking Continue ends the jackpot game and returns the player to the main game. The jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings from the triggering spin (if any) and are displayed in the Win field, together with any other winnings. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If a matching set of balls is not collected by the player before the set amount of time elapses, cells will be selected automatically and the corresponding jackpot will be awarded. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Bonus symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Bonus symbol can be found above. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.03%, which includes the Jackpot contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020