Funky Monkey Jackpot 3-Reel Standard Slot The objective of FUNKY MONKEY JACKPOT™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with 1 active payline. Your bet per game round is displayed in the TOTAL BET field. Choose your total bet by clicking on the BET button to cycle through the different options. Click SPIN , the arm of the slot machine or press the Spacebar key to spin the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun automatically using the Auto Play function. Click on the AUTO PLAY button to cycle through the different options and choose the number of auto spins to play. Select UNTIL JACKPOT to spin until the jackpot is triggered. Click the START button to start the Auto Play session with the currently selected total bet and number of auto spins. You can end the Auto Play session by clicking the STOP button. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the AUTO PLAY button. The paytable and the jackpot ticker can be found above the reels. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be found above the reels. Total win = bet per game round × corresponding multiplier value according to the paytable. The values in the paytable are multipliers, by which the bet per game round is multiplied to calculate the win amount. The win amount for each spin is displayed in the WIN field. FUNKY MONKEY PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT Playing with the jackpot bet and maximum jackpot bet allows the Funky Monkey progressive jackpot to be won. The monkey symbol with the text “JACKPOT” on it is the jackpot symbol in the game. 3 monkey symbols appearing simultaneously on the payline award the Funky Monkey progressive jackpot when playing with the jackpot bet or maximum jackpot bet. When not playing with jackpot bet or maximum jackpot bet, the jackpot ticker is dimmed and the payout for 3 monkey symbols changes to 5,000 x total bet. You can play with the jackpot bet and the maximum jackpot bet . The jackpot obtained from the jackpot bet for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): 5,000x total bet + an amount dependent on accumulated contribution. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpot): 0.5% (30% to the seed pot and 70% to the progressive pot) Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): 3 monkey symbols on the payline while playing with the jackpot bet. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play the FUNKY MONKEY JACKPOT™ game with the jackpot bet. The jackpot obtained from the maximum jackpot bet for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): an amount dependent on accumulated contribution. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpot): 0.5% (30% to the seed pot and 70% to the progressive pot) Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): 3 monkey symbols on the payline while playing with the maximum jackpot bet. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play the FUNKY MONKEY JACKPOT™ game with the maximum jackpot bet. Please note: If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. The seed and jackpot values are in CNY in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same progressive jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two jackpot wins. The mechanics of the progressive jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound On/Off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Buttons Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking on the “Bet” button. There are 4 available bets and the highest 2 qualify for jackpot wins. Auto Play / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reel spin mode and exit the Auto Play menu. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels with the currently selected total bet. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 95 %, which includes the jackpot contribution of 0 . 5 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020