Drinks on the Beach 5-reel 20-line Slot The objective of the Drinks on the Beach slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. Wins can form on any payline. For information on paylines, select Info and go to the Paylines page. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable (on the Payouts screen) are multiplied by the line bet. Choose your bet by clicking + and – below the Line Bet field. Clicking Spin spins the reels with the current bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the Auto Play button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode, the Auto Play button displays the number of the remaining spins. The mode ends when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the Stop Auto Play button, located in the lower right-hand corner of the game window. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Clicking the Turbo Mode button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulating winnings. Info pages: Clicking Info opens the reference pages describing the different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons enables you to navigate between the pages. Clicking the X icon exits the Info pages and returns you to the game. Paylines: All 20 paylines are permanently active, and can be viewed from their page in the Info screen. About payouts: Payouts are listed on the Payouts screen. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If 2 payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the main game. Wild symbols can participate in winning combinations even when only partially visible on the reels. The multiplier for a Wild symbol applies to any wins the Wild symbol participates in. If a win contains 2 or more Wild symbols only 1 multiplier value is applied. Giant Wild Spins A giant 2x3 Wild symbol can land on reels 4 and 5 during a regular spin or a respin. Giant symbols have the same payout rules as regular size symbols. Respins A winning spin triggers a respin and causes the Wild multiplier to increase to 2X. A winning respin triggers another respin. The Wild multiplier value increases with each consecutive respin up to a maximum of 10X: During the first respin the Wild symbol has a 2X multiplier. During the second consecutive respin the Wild symbol has a 3X multiplier. During the third consecutive respin the Wild symbol has a 5X multiplier. From the fourth consecutive respin onwards the Wild symbol has a 10X multiplier. The drink at the side of the reels illustrates the current Wild multiplier value. A losing respin causes the Wild multiplier to reset to 1X. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, you will be automatically directed back to the game after you log back into the Casino and the latest spin will be replayed. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. You can click the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a bonus round or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the bonus game after you log back into the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.85%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020