Kingdoms Rise Captains Treasure 6-reel 50-line slot . To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON'T SHOW AGAIN to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + beside TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up and down with the mouse wheel. Payouts are listed on the INFO screen. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the info pages and return to the game, press ”BACK” ARROW . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines during the main game. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbols: There are 2 types of WILD symbols in this game: the regular WILD symbol and the special WILD symbol. The special WILD symbol is a golden compass. The regular WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols. The special WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols and triggers the Captain’s Treasure Respins feature. Captain’s Treasure Respins Captain’s Treasure Respins featute is triggered by the special Wild symbol. Whenever a special WILD symbol appears anywhere on the reels the Captain’s Treasure Respins feature is triggered. With each spin, the compass moves, leaving a trail of WILDS The Captain’s Treasure Respins end when the compass reaches the initial position. The compass can only move left, right, up and down: the compass cannot move diagonally. Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Pending Game Tokens are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop after reaching the release limit. Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance and the release limit are shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are subject to expiration. Unless stated differently by the Casino operator, all Tokens will expire after 6 months of inactivity from the last time you played Kingdoms Rise™ games. Please note, Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are not won from stakes using bonus money, except in cases where the Casino permits it. Please refer to any bonus rules hosted by the Casino for further information. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relate to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. The Golden Wild Respins The Golden Wild Respins feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. The feature starts when the special WILD fly to random position on the reels. The number of special WILDS that are added to the reels depends on the token costs: 500 tokens guarantee 1 Special WILD 1,000 tokens guarantee 2 Special WILDS 1,500 tokens guarantee 3 Special WILDS With each spin, the special WILD moves, leaving a trail of WILDS The Golden Wild Respins ends when the compass reaches the initial position. The special WILD can only move left, right, up and down: the compass cannot move diagonally. Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without using Game Tokens is 92.06%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 3.00%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 95.61%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020