Safari Heat 5-Reel 15-Line Slot The objective of SAFARI HEAT™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME The SAFARI HEAT™ game can be played in both landscape and portrait mode. Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the African Lion symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. Payouts for wins in which the WILD symbol participates by standing for another symbol are doubled. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols appearing on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD standing in). Payouts for wins that involve only WILD symbols are not doubled. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Sunset Tree symbol. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline to form a win and can appear both during the main game and during Free Games. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the same main game spin, 15 Free Games with a multiplier of x3 are triggered. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on the same Free Games spin, an additional 15 Free Games are awarded. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. There is also a separate payout when 2 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels. The payout is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during the same main game spin triggers 15 Free Games with a multiplier of x3 applied to all Free Games wins. To start the Free Games, click the PLAY button. During Free Games the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Free Games feature. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously during Free Games, you are awarded an additional 15 Free Games with the same x3 multiplier. Free Games can be retriggered in this way indefinitely. After all free games have been completed a result board summarizing the winnings will appear. GAME WIN shows the winnings that were received from the spin that triggered the Free Games feature. FEATURE WIN shows the winnings that were received during the free games. TOTAL WIN shows the sum of the Game Win and the Feature Win. Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 16 %. Last modification date: 12/29/2021