Midnight Wilds 243-ways slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The game is played with 243 Ways to Win. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin bet. The coin value is the total bet divided by 25. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Symbol payouts are listed on the SYMBOLS PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with 243 Ways to Win. The total bet per game round is the coin value × 25. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Wild Symbol: The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Up to 5 WILD symbols can randomly land on reels during the main game. Scatter Symbol: The blue symbol with the moon and star in the middle of it is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol only appears on reels 1,3 and 5. Midnight Free Games Landing 3 SCATTER symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously triggers the Midnight Free Games feature. If 2 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land on the reels during Midnight Free Games, 2 extra free games are awarded. Up to 5 WILD symbols can randomly land on reels during Midnight Free Games . If 3 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land on reels 1+3+5 during Midnight Free Games , 8 extra free games are awarded. Midnight Free Games also include a Gamble Feature with 10 optional spins of the wheel of luck where you can win up to 40 Free Games. The GAMBLE may result in 0 Free Games Midnight Free Games Bar Midnight Free Games can be triggered when the Midnight Free Games bar is filled. The bar is filled every time 2 SCATTER symbols land on the reels. The Midnight Free Games bar is located above the reels. To see the info, refer to the paytable. The Midnight Free Games feature can be re-triggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.00%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020