Fire Blaze Golden: Buccaneer Bells 5-reel 40-line slot The objective of the Fire Blaze Golden™: Buccaneer Bells™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 40. The total bet is equal to 20x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Pirate . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol and the Bell symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Ship . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Fire Blaze Golden Respin Feature: When 6 or more Bell symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Golden Respin Feature is triggered. 3 respins are awarded. Any Bell symbols that triggered the Feature transform into Coin symbols, each displaying a cash prize or a MINI, MINOR or MAJOR prize label. The Coin symbols are held in position during the feature. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. The MAJOR (MAJOR prize value = total bet x 100), MINOR (MINOR prize value = total bet x 20) and MINI (MINI prize value = total bet x 12) prizes can be won multiple times in each Fire Blaze Golden Respin Feature session. After each respin, if one or more Bell symbol lands, the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3 and all displayed Coin symbol prizes will be awarded. The Bell symbols that have just landed will then transform into Coin symbols displaying prizes. The GRAND (GRAND prize value = total bet x 1000) prize is awarded when all symbol positions are filled with Coin symbols. After the GRAND prize is awarded, all Coin symbol prizes will be awarded. The feature ends after the GRAND prize is won, or when all 3 respins have been used. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 8 Free Games are awarded. During the Free Games, 2 Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 4 additional Free Games. During the Free Games, 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels, will award 8 additional Free Games. During the Free Games, when 6 or more Bell Symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Golden Respin Feature is triggered. The Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.48%. The maximum win from a single game is 274.350. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/2/2024