Stallion Strike 6-reel 15 625 Ways slot. To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. Press - or + next to TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to activate TURBO MODE, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the TURBO MODE session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. 2 or more Horse symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, can also form a win. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is the total bet divided by 40. The BONUS symbol is an exception of these rules. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START AUTOPLAY starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the I button. To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Ways: This game is played with a fixed number of 15,625 ways to win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 2 or more matching symbols on consecutive reels. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The diamond symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2-6 in the main game and during free games. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. Bonus Symbol: The horseshoe with the word BONUS over it is the BONUS symbol in the game. The BONUS symbol appears on all reels during the main game and free games. 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Games + Mega Spin feature. Power Zones™: On any main game or free games spin, any symbol, except WILD or BONUS symbols, can appear as charged symbols. Charged symbols appear visually distinct with a blue circle appearing around them. Charged symbols lock Power Zones™ on the symbol position they land on. Power Zones™ connect with each other horizontally and vertically. Landing a charged symbol horizontally or vertically next to a Power Zone™ will expand the Power Zone™. When a charged symbol lands in a Power Zone™, all symbols in that zone transform into the same symbol type as the charged symbol. Power Zones™ are removed after the symbols have transformed. The positions of all Power Zones™ on the reels are saved per bet amount. Changing the total bet will revert any positions with Power Zones™ on them to the state saved at that total bet. Free Games + Mega Spin Feature 3 or more BONUS symbols trigger the Free Games + Mega Spin feature. 3 BONUS symbols trigger 12 free games 4 BONUS symbols trigger 18 free games 5 BONUS symbols trigger 25 free games 6 BONUS symbols trigger 50 free games When Free Games begin, triggering BONUS symbols create Power Zone™ on their symbol positions. Power Zones™ are not removed during Free Games. When the number of free games left reaches 0, the Mega Spin is triggered. During the Mega Spin, symbols in all Power Zones™ transform into the same mystery symbol. Landing 2 or more BONUS symbols during Free Games retriggers the feature and awards an extra number of free games as shown in the paytable. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.27%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020