Pirate's Charm About the game Pirate's Charm is a 3x5 reel, 243 bet ways video slot. Pirate's Charm features the Mystery Charm symbol, Respins and Free Spins. Theoretical payout is 96,49%. How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet way wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet way is paid. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Mystery Charm Respins Mystery Charm symbols appearing on reel 1, 2 and 3 in base game trigger the Mystery Charm Respins feature. All Mystery Charm symbols lock in place and a respin is awarded. If one or more Mystery Charm symbol lands during a respin they lock in place and an additional respin is awarded. No Bonus Scatter symbols are present during the respins feature. Mystery Spin On any base game spin there is a chance that a Mystery Spin is triggered. During the Mystery Spin there are more Mystery Charm symbols on the reels increasing the chance of triggering the respin feature. Storming Free Spins Three Bonus Scatter symbols in the same spin initiate 10 free spins. During Free Spins, any Mystery Charms symbols landing lock in place for the duration of the Free Spins. Two extra free spins are awarded for every full reel covered with Mystery Charm symbols. A maximum of 10 extra free spins can be awarded. The Free Spins feature will play until no free spins remain and cannot be retriggered. Special symbols Mystery Charm Symbol After each spin, all visible Mystery Charm symbols transform into the same symbol. The Mystery Charm symbol transforms into any symbol except the Bonus Scatter symbol. Bonus Scatter Symbol Three Bonus Scatter symbols in the same spin initiate Free Spins. Bonus Scatter symbols are present on reel 2, 3 and 4 in base game only. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020