Everybody's Jackpot 9-Reel 8-Line Progressive Slot The objective of Everybody′s Jackpot™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 or more winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the highest winning combination. Win combinations for lines 1 to 5 pay left to right only and for lines 6 to 8 pay top to bottom only, except SCATTER which pays any winning combinations on lines 4 or 5 are multiplied by 3 payline wins are multiplied by the line bet. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol appears only during Free Games and may occupy only the central reel. It can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to appear on any particular payline or be aligned in any particular order on a payline in order to win. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels during main game or during Free Games, 12 Free Games with a WILD symbol are triggered. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position on the reels simultaneously during main game trigger 12 Free Games with a WILD symbol. The WILD symbol may appear only in the middle position of the central reel and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER . 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position on the reels simultaneously during Free Games win 12 more Free Games with the same rules. More Free Games can be retriggered in this way infinitely. Free Game wins are added to the payline and SCATTER wins. Everybody′s Jackpot™ The game is played with a Mystery Progressive Jackpot. A player qualifies to win or share the Jackpot by having bet in the game at least 50€ in the last 24 hours. There is a qualifying meter at the side of the reels with 6 levels of progress that show whether the player has qualified or how far the qualification is depending on their total bet. The Jackpot is triggered randomly during main game by any spin, whether a winning spin or a non-winning spin. The player who triggered the spin wins 70% of the Jackpot prize. The remaining 30% is distributed in the following way: 15% is shared equally among all qualified players and the remaining 15% is distributed amongst the players proportionally to their bets during the last 24 hours - the more the player bets, the greater their share. A player that has quit the game can still share another player′s win of the Jackpot if they qualify for it. The Jackpot cannot be triggered during Free Games. However, it is possible for a qualified player to share another player′s Jackpot during Free Games. The Progressive Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): EUR 20,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 3.00% (the average seed pot contribution is 0.3% and the average progressive jackpot contribution is 2.7%) Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): A player qualifies to win or share the Jackpot by having bet in the game at least 50€ in the last 24 hours. The Jackpot is triggered randomly during main game by any spin, whether a winning spin or a non-winning spin. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play Everybody′s Jackpot™ game. Please note: If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same Progressive Jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two Jackpot wins. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage is 91.01% and the maximum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage that includes the Jackpot contribution is 94.01%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020