Azteca: Collect Em Azteca: Collect Em™ 5-reel 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press TURBO to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet / 30. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word 'WILD' on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Cash , Free Games , Collect'Em™ and Bonus Wheel symbols. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with the words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reel 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 will collect all coin symbols – Cash Prize , Free Games and Bonus Wheel - which landed on the reels on that spin. Bonus Wheel Symbol: The symbol with the words 'BONUS WHEEL' on it is the Bonus Wheel symbol in the game. Landing a Bonus Wheel symbol anywhere on the reels and a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 triggers the Bonus Wheel feature. Collect'Em™ Feature: The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 during the main game, and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with the cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes depend on the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, a +2 symbol. The symbol with the words 'BONUS WHEEL' on it is the Bonus Wheel symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you a cash prize, a number of free games, or a spin of the Bonus Wheel accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reel 5 and 1 or more Free Games coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won equals the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During the Free Games feature, the Collect'Em™ symbol can land on any reel. Note : Each Collect'Em™ symbol stays frozen for 3 spins. During Free Games , each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Prize , Free Games and/or Bonus Wheel symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Bonus Wheel Feature: The Bonus Wheel feature is triggered when Collect'Em™ and Bonus Wheel symbols land on the reels. There are 3 wheels above the reels: blue, green and red. Each wheel contains multiple prizes: Cash Prize coin awards cash prizes shown on the wheel. During the Bonus Wheel feature, Cash Prize symbols contain values of x5, x10, x15, x30, x40 and x80 multiplied by the total bet. Free Games coin awards the number of free games shown on the wheel. Advance feature upgrades the wheel boosting your chances of winning higher prizes. Wild Respin Feature trigger. Aztec Respin Feature trigger. Wild Respin Feature: The Wild Respin feature grants a spin with stacked WILD symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. During the Wild Respin feature 2 WILD symbols appear stacked if triggered via the Blue Wheel, 3 WILD symbols via the Green Wheel and 4 via the Red Wheel. Aztec Respin Feature: During the Aztec Respin feature, 3 spins are granted and all coins, except for the Aztec Respin coin, lock on the reels. If there are any Free Games coins on the reels on the triggering spin, they remain locked in view during the feature. If no coins land on the reels on a spin, the number of respins remaining decreases by 1. If a new coin lands on the reels during the Aztec Respin feature, the number of respins remaining stays the same. When no more spins are left, the feature ends and all the coins are collected. Note: If the 1st, 2nd and 3rd spin result with no coins landing on the reels, one random empty position will award a consolation cash prize. The amount of the consolation cash prize is chosen randomly. Collect'Em™ Prizes feature awards one of the available fixed prizes. Note: If the Aztec Respin is won from the wheel during the Free Games , and there is more than one Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels, all the Collect'Em™ symbols will lock in position. In this case, the respin will be played once. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Collect'Em™ Prizes can be won from one of the wheels in the Bonus Wheel and the Aztec Respin features. There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize grants a fixed amount based on the bet value and can be won multiple times. Note : А singular prize can be collected up to 3 times. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Extra Bet Mode: In the main game, you can activate the Extra Bet mode and unlock two positions on reel 5. When the Extra Bet mode is enabled, it increases your chances of landing Collect'Em™ symbols on reel 5. Press Extra Bet to toggle the mode on and off. Playing in the Extra Bet mode increases your total bet by 50%. Enabling Extra Bet does not change the line bet. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the STANDARD BET mode is 95.43%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the Extra Bet mode is 95.43%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/31/2024