Adventure Trail 5-reel 30-line slot The objective of the Fire Blaze™: Adventure Trail™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Map . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol and the Monkey symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Plane . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any positions trigger the Free Games Feature . Monkey symbol: The Monkey is the Bonus symbol in the game. 6 or more Monkey symbols in any position trigger the Fire Blaze Respin Feature . Fire Blaze Respin Feature: When 6 or more Monkey symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. 3 respins are awarded. Any Monkey symbols that triggered the feature are held in position during the feature. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new Monkey symbols, they will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. After each respin, groups of adjacent held symbol positions will combine to form larger Monkey symbols in the order listed in the Monkey Combinations Table in the paytable. Where more than one block of held symbol positions of different sizes can be formed, the largest block will be formed first. When there is a possibility to form either a 3x2 block or a 2x3 block, the taller block will be formed. Where more than one block of the same size can be formed, the leftmost block will be formed first. When all respins are used or when all symbol positions are filled, the held symbols will reveal prizes according to their group size, as listed in the Monkey Combinations Table in the paytable. The GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI Jackpots may be awarded during the Fire Blaze Respin Feature. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 6 free games are awarded. The reel strips used during the free games do not contain "A", "K", "Q", "J" or "10" symbols. During the free games, when 6 or more Monkey symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the free games, any 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 6 additional free games. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.64%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 7/2/2024