Lockdown Loot 5-Reel, 15-line slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DO NOT SHOW AGAIN to skip the entry screen next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Press - or + beside TOTAL BET to choose the total bet, and press Confirm . Press the lightning bolt button to activate Turbo Mode , making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press SPIN to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. About Payouts: This game is played with a fixed number of 15 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet ided by 15. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Wild Symbol The fist with the word 'WILD' on it is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. In the main game, WILD symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 with 1x, 2x or 3x multiplier values. In Free games , the WILD symbols appear on reel 5 and can be created on reels 1-4 during the feature. Please note: If more than 1 multiplier WILD symbol forms part of a win, the highest value is used. Scatter Symbol The camera symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. SCATTER symbols can appear on all reels during the main game only. 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere simultaneously on the reels trigger the Free Games feature. Jail Break Feature The symbol position on reel 5, row 4 can randomly appear with a frame around it on any base game spin. If any of the high-win symbols (1 of 5 prisoner symbols) land on that symbol position, jail bars slide over it and a counter is created. The counter counts up, eventually stopping on a number from 6 to 12. The symbol that has landed behind the bars is cloned and the new instances of it appear on the symbol positions elsewhere on the reels. Please note: The amount of cloned symbols is equal to the number on which the counter stopped. Any cloned symbol that is placed over a WILD symbol, will immediately turn back to a WILD symbol. Cloned symbols are added to the reels and any wins are calculated. Free Games Whenever 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 7 free games. 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 12 free games. 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 20 free games. Press the ► button and then press CONTINUE on the pop-up to begin the feature. On reel 5, row 4, the border remains in view throughout the Free Games feature. During the feature, if a prisoner symbol lands on the position with a border, 2 extra free games are awarded, and all instances of that symbol on the reels transform into a sticky WILD symbol for the rest of the feature. Please note: The maximum amount of Free Games that can be triggered and retriggered is 35. Please note: Prisoner symbols on reel 5 do not transform into WILD symbols. If a WILD symbol is created on a reel with an existing sticky WILD symbol on it, a multiplier value of 2x is applied to any newly added WILD on that reel. If a WILD symbol is created on a reel with an existing sticky 2x WILD symbol on it, a multiplier value of 3x is applied for any newly added WILD on that reel. Note: Multiplier values cap at 3x. If more than 1 multiplier WILD symbol forms part of a win, the highest value is used. If a prisoner symbol appearing behind bars also appears under a sticky WILD symbol, that symbol position is not affected. After all free games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows the free games win. Press CONTINUE on the pop-up to return to the main game. BUY FEATURE Buy Feature is an optional way to manually trigger the Free Games . The BUY FEATURE button is located to the left of the reels. Press the BUY FEATURE button to open the pop-up message where you can choose how many Scatter symbols you wish to purchase for your next spin. Note: Scatter symbols bought via BUY FEATURE trigger the same number of Free Games as the Scatter symbols do during the main game. Each fixed option offers a different number of Scatter symbols and costs a different amount that depends on the total bet. The feature price is displayed in the Buy Feature menu. Note: The BUY button may be disabled if buying the feature will exceed any bet limits, or you have insufficient funds. After you have chosen the Free Games amount, press the BUY button and then press ✓ to buy the feature at the cost displayed. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 3/5/2025