Batman and the Riddler Riches 5-Reel 243-Way Slot The objective of Batman™ & The Riddler™ Riches is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win. Your total bet per game round is the coin value × 25. Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Batman vs the Riddler Bonus Wheel or DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY . Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the coin value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable . The accumulating winnings and all way wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL-WAYS FEATURE There is a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win on every spin. 3 or more matching symbols appearing in any positions on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbols can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The Bat WILD symbol is the WILD symbol in the main game, Mystery Spins and Multiplier Free Games. The game also features green, yellow and red Sticky WILD symbols, which only appear in Sticky WILD Free Games. The Bat WILD symbol and Sticky WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol except the SCATTER symbol. The Bat WILD symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Sticky WILD symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Bat WILD symbol does not appear in Sticky WILD Free Games. There are no separate payouts for the Bat WILD or Sticky WILD symbols. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the BONUS symbol. BONUS symbols only appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 and can only land during a reel spin (not during any reel collapses). When 3 BONUS symbols land anywhere on reels 1, 2 and 3 on the same main game spin the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel feature is triggered. BONUS symbols only appear during the main game and cannot land during Mystery Spins. If less than 3 BONUS symbols land on the reels with a line win, a second wave will be triggered but the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel feature will not be triggered. When the winning combinations explode, the BONUS symbols will also explode. Additional BONUS symbols cannot appear on the reels on wave 2 or higher, but waves will continue until all winning combinations are resolved. If 3 BONUS symbols land on the reels with a line win, a second wave will be triggered. The winning combinations will explode, but the BONUS symbols will not. Additional waves will be triggered until all winning combinations are resolved, but the BONUS symbols will not explode. After all winning combinations have been resolved, the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel feature will be played. STACKED SYMBOLS Batman, the Riddler and Robin symbols can appear as single symbols, 2-symbol high stacks and 3-symbol high stacks on all reels during the main game, Mystery Spins, Multiplier Free Games and Sticky WILD Free Games. COLLAPSING REELS When the reels spin a new Wave of symbols lands on the reels. The symbols in any winning combinations will explode after the winnings are awarded. The remaining symbols on the reels will then fall down, filling in the gaps left by the removed symbols, and new symbols will fall down from the top of the reels. This is referred to as a collapse, and it creates a new Wave of symbols. A Wave may potentially create new winning combinations, causing another collapse that leads to another Wave. Sticky WILD symbols are an exception. Green and yellow Sticky WILD symbols never explode, even after participating in wins. Red Sticky WILD symbols explode after the reels collapse, even when not participating in any wins. When a collapse results in no new wins, no more collapses will be triggered. MYSTERY SPINS Mystery symbols can appear at the start of any main game spin. These mystery symbols transform into the same random symbol type once all the other symbols have landed on the reels. Mystery spins can only occur during the main game. BONUS symbols cannot land on the reels during Mystery Spins. BATMAN VS THE RIDDLER BONUS WHEEL 3 SCATTER symbols landing anywhere on reels 1, 2 and 3 simultaneously will trigger the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel, which awards 1 of 3 features: Multiplier Free Games, Sticky WILD Free Games or The Riddler Box Bonus. A video clip is displayed before the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel appears. Click the SKIP button to skip the video clip. Click the Spin button beside the Bonus Wheel to spin the arrow on the wheel. The arrow will stop on the feature that has been won and that feature will commence. MULTIPLIER FREE GAMES When the arrow in the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel lands on Multiplier Free Games, 10 Multiplier free games are triggered. Click OK to begin the feature. During Multiplier Free Games the reels are spun automatically using the same coin value as placed on the spin that triggered the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel feature. The number of free games remaining is displayed in the FREE GAMES LEFT field under the reels. The total win amount accumulated during the Multiplier Free Games feature is displayed in the TOTAL WIN field under the reels. Multiplier Free Games features a win multiplier with successive reel collapses following each spin:: Wins created from the 1st Wave are multiplied by x1. Wins created from the 2nd Wave are multiplied by x2. Wins created from the 3rd Wave are multiplied by x3. Wins created from the 4th Wave and any successive Waves are multiplied by x5. The current size of the multiplier is highlighted on the multiplier meter found to the left of the reels. When a collapse does not create any wins, the multiplier returns to x1 and the next free games spin begins. Click OK on the win summary to return to the main game once all free games have finished. STICKY WILD FREE GAMES When the arrow in the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel lands on Sticky WILD FREE GAMES, 10 Sticky WILD free games are triggered. Click OK to begin the feature. During Sticky Wild Free Games the reels are spun automatically using the same coin value as placed on the spin that triggered the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel feature. The number of free games remaining is displayed in the FREE GAMES LEFT field under the reels. The total win amount accumulated during the Sticky Wild Free Games feature is displayed in the TOTAL WIN field under the reels. Sticky Wild Free Games features Sticky WILD symbols, which do not explode after participating in wins. However, Sticky WILD symbols can only remain on the reels for up to 2 sequential reel collapses before exploding, regardless of whether they participate in any wins. Sticky WILD symbols are green after a reel spin, yellow after the reels have collapsed once and red after the reels have collapsed twice. All Sticky WILD symbols on the reels will explode after the second successive reel collapse. No new Sticky WILD symbols will land during any successive collapses after the second. If a collapse does not create any new wins then the next free spin will occur and any Sticky WILD symbols on the reels spin off with the other symbols. Click OK on the winning summary to return to the main game once all free games have finished. THE RIDDLER BOX BONUS When the arrow in the Batman vs The Riddler Bonus Wheel lands on RIDDLER BOX BONUS, The Riddler Box Bonus feature is triggered. Click OK to begin the feature. A screen will appear displaying 12 boxes. Click on a box to reveal a cash value. Continue clicking on boxes until you reveal 3 matching cash values. A new selection screen will then appear displaying 12 boxes. Click on a box to reveal a multiplier value. Continue clicking on boxes until you reveal 3 matching multiplier values. Your total win amount is the single cash value that you revealed 3 times multiplied by the single multiplier value that you revealed 3 times. Click OK on the win summary to return to the main game. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level mystery progressive jackpot that is linked to the DC Super Heroes series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the DC Super Heroes games is added to the progressive jackpot. The percentage of all bets placed is split between four jackpot levels, which are displayed in the upper part of the game screen, above the reels. Any level of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game, which can be triggered randomly after any main game spin in any of the DC Super Heroes series of games. It is not triggered by any symbol combination, and even a main game spin that does not result in a win can trigger the jackpot game. Triggering the jackpot game is possible at any bet size, but the chances increase or decrease proportionally with the size of the bet. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots: Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Grand Jackpot. The four different jackpot levels represent different prize amounts, with the Mini Jackpot awarding the smallest prize and the Grand Jackpot awarding the largest. The jackpot game screen features a selection grid with 20 hexagonal cells. Picking a cell reveals one of the four energy colours, each one corresponding to one of the four progressive jackpots: Green for Mini Jackpot, Blue for Minor Jackpot, Yellow for Major Jackpot and Red for Grand Jackpot. When a colour is revealed, it fills one of the energy balls under the relevant jackpot field. Each one of the jackpots requires a different number of energy balls filled in order to be won: 2 balls for Mini Jackpot, 3 balls for Minor Jackpot, 4 balls for Major Jackpot and 5 balls for Grand Jackpot. The player picks cells from the grid until the required number of balls in the same colour have been selected to win one of the jackpots. Once all matching balls have been collected, the corresponding jackpot level will be awarded. Clicking Continue ends the jackpot game and returns the player to the main game. The jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings from the triggering spin (if any) and are displayed in the Win field, together with any other winnings. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If a matching set of balls is not collected by the player before the set amount of time elapses, cells will be selected automatically and the corresponding jackpot will be awarded. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in Euros in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . Golden Chip Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have the Golden Chip bonus available. Clicking this icon opens the Golden Chip menu . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines : The paylines screen can be accessed via INFO page. There are 243 ways to win. 3 or more symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, from the leftmost reel to the right, triggers a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). 243 Ways – There are 243 ways to win. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin - Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off the Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) with the DC Super Heroes Progressive Jackpot is 96.09 %. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) without the DC Super Heroes Progressive Jackpot is 95.10 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020