Esmeralda 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Esmeralda™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Clicking the JACKPOT INFO button on the screen displays the Jackpot information. Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol appears anywhere on reels. During the main game, it can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. During the Free Games, WILD symbol also substitutes for SCATTER symbol. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as shown in the Paytable. 5 WILD symbols on an active payline trigger the progressive Jackpot if the player qualifies for the jackpot, or pay the max win according to the Paytable if the player does not qualify for the Jackpot. More information about the progressive Jackpot can be found below. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. 5, 6 or 7 SCATTER symbols anywhere on reels pay winnings multiplied by 2x total bet. 8 to 15 SCATTER symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger 15, 17, 19, 20, 22, 25, 35 or 70 Free Games respectively and pay separately; the winnings are multiplied by the total bet as described in the Paytable. JACKPOT One of the possible wins in this game is the progressive Jackpot, built up by all the Casinos that offer the game. A small percentage of each bet, by every person that qualifies for the Jackpot and plays this game in each of many online Casinos, is added to a common pot. To win the progressive Jackpot, you must obtain 5 WILD symbols on an active payline. After a Jackpot has been won, a new pot is started, with a guaranteed minimum amount of money (called a seed). This ensures that even if you get a Jackpot result in a game right after someone else has won the Jackpot, you will still get a large win. In this game, a player is qualified to win the progressive Jackpot if playing with maximum number of active paylines (25) and betting with any of the 4 highest possible line bet options. There are 4 different progressive pots and 4 seed pots, one for each line bet respectively. The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Players only contribute to the pots they are qualified to win. You can see more information by clicking the JACKPOT INFO button on the screen. Progressive Jackpot can also be won during Free Games. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): 25,000 x line bet Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 1.7% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): 5 WILD symbols on an active payline. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play Esmeralda™ slot game with maximum number of active paylines and one of the 4 highest possible line bet options. Please note: If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same Progressive Jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. FREE GAMES 15, 17, 19, 20, 22, 25, 35 or 70 Free Games are triggered by the appearance of 8 to 15 SCATTER symbols respectively during the main game. To start the Free Games, click CONTINUE . 3 to 5 WILD symbols anywhere on reels during the Free Games pay according to the Paytable. 5 WILD symbols on an active payline trigger the progressive Jackpot if qualified or pay the max win according to the Paytable if the player does not qualify for the Jackpot. 5 to 7 SCATTER symbols, including WILD symbols substituting for SCATTER symbols anywhere on reels during the Free Games, pay according to the Paytable. 8 or more SCATTER symbols, including WILD symbols substituting for SCATTER symbols, add more Free Games as described above. More Free Games can be won this way indefinitely. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bets per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After each spin, the win is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings and states the number of Free Games played. Feature win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Free Game wins are added to the payline and SCATTER wins. If the Free Games have been triggered during the Autoplay mode, the Free Games round begins after the player clicks CONTINUE . When all Free Games have been played, the screen displays the full prize. When returning to the main game, clicking CONTINUE on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 91.73% + 1.7% when qualified for the Progressive Jackpot and 91.83% for the game without Jackpot. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020