Oink Oink Oink: Pharaohs 5-reel, 243-way game The objective of the Oink Oink Oink: Pharaohs™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The game is played with 243 ways to win in the main game and 243 or 1024 ways during Free Games. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. To close bet settings and return to the game, press anywhere on the screen. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules. Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i. To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X. Ways: Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. Wild Symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, the Red Coin symbol, the Green Coin symbol, and the Blue Coin symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Hammer. 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position will cause one of the Piggy Banks to break, triggering the corresponding feature. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. Coin Symbols: The Coin symbols are the Red Coin, the Green Coin, and the Blue Coin. When a Coin symbol lands in the main game, it is deposited in the Piggy Bank with the matching colour. If one or more Coin symbols is deposited in a Piggy Bank, there is a chance that the Piggy Bank will break and a feature will be awarded. During Free Games, the Red and Blue Coins do not appear. The Green Coin awards 1 additional Free Game. Red Coin Feature: The Red Coin Feature can be randomly triggered if selected by the Hammer when 3 or more Hammer symbols land in the main game. The Red Coin Feature can also be randomly triggered after one or more Red Coins is deposited in the Red Piggy Bank. The Red Coin Feature can also be triggered in the Blue Coin Feature, if the Wheel lands on the Red Pig prize. During the Red Coin Feature, the player must choose from the Gold Pigs available. Each Gold Pig selected will reveal one of these labels: MINI (20x total bet), MINOR (50x total bet), MAJOR (200x total bet), GRAND (2000x total bet). The player must continue to select Gold Pigs until 3 matching labels are revealed. The corresponding cash prize will then be awarded, and the feature will end. Green Coin Feature: The Green Coin Feature can be randomly triggered if selected by the Hammer when 3 or more Hammer symbols land in the main game. The Green Coin Feature can also be randomly triggered after one or more Green Coins is deposited in the Green Piggy Bank. The Green Coin Feature can also be triggered in the Blue Coin Feature, if the Wheel lands on the Green Pig prize. At the beginning of the Green Coin Feature: 5 Free Games with 243 ways to win or 5 Free Games with 1024 ways to win will be awarded at random. One picture symbol will be randomly selected to be the only picture symbol for duration of the Free Games. Royals (10, J, Q, K, A) and the selected picture symbol will appear during the Free Games. The other picture symbols do not appear. The Scatter symbol, the Red Coin symbol and the Blue Coin symbol do not appear during Free Games. The Green Coin symbol appears with a +1 mark. One or more Green Coin symbols landing anywhere will award 1 extra Free Game for each Green Coin symbol landed. One or more Green Coin symbols cannot retrigger the Green Coin Feature during the feature. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Blue Coin Feature: The Blue Coin Feature can be randomly triggered if selected by the Hammer when 3 or more Hammer symbols land in the main game. The Blue Coin Feature can also be randomly triggered after one or more Blue Coins is deposited in the Blue Piggy Bank. At the beginning of the Blue Coin Feature, the player is awarded 1 spin of the Prize Reel. Available prizes are: Green Coin Feature Red Coin Feature 5x total bet 8x total bet 10x total bet 15x total bet 25x total bet 40x total bet 80x total bet 120x total bet If the Green Coin Feature or Red Coin Feature is awarded, this will be played immediately after the Blue Coin Feature. If neither is triggered, the cash prize will be paid. Additionally, the Prize Reel can land on the RESPIN icon. In this case, the Prize Reel will spin again; otherwise, the feature will end. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.46%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/20/2026