Wonder woman 5-reel 30-line Slot The objective of Wonder Woman™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. Wins can form on any payline. For information on paylines, select Info and go to the Lines page. Choose your total bet by clicking + and – below the Total Bet field. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable (on the Payouts screen) are multiplied by the line bet. Clicking Spin spins the reels with the current bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the Auto Play button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode, the Auto Play button displays the number of the remaining spins. The mode ends when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the Stop Auto Play button, located in the lower right-hand corner of the game window. Clicking the Turbo Mode button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulating winnings. Info pages: Clicking Info opens the reference pages describing the different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons enables you to navigate between the pages. Clicking the X icon exits the Info pages and returns you to the game. Paylines: All 30 paylines are permanently active, and can be viewed from their page in the Info screen. About payouts: Payouts are listed on the Payouts screen. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If 2 payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild The regular Wild symbol is the Wonder Woman™ logo. The Fire Wild symbol is the flaming Wonder Woman™ logo. Fire Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Fire Wild Free Games. The Wild symbols can stand for any other symbol, except Scatter, to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more Wild symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from Wilds is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by Wild standing in). Scatter The Scatter symbol depicts Wonder Woman™ and The Cheetah™. Scatter symbols will only appear on reels 1 and 5 in the main game. Scatter symbols landing on reels 1 and 5 in the main game will trigger the feature selection screen. Fire Wild Feature Fire Wild symbols only appear on reel 3 during the main game, The Cheetah™ Free Games and Wonder Woman™ Free Games. Fire Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Fire Wild Free Games. When a Fire Wild symbol lands on the reels the Fire Wild feature is triggered. The Fire Wild symbol will display a high win symbol and turn all instances of that symbol on the reels Wild for that spin. Only 1 Fire Wild symbol can land per spin. The Cheetah™ Feature When Barbara Ann symbols simultaneously land in full on reels 1 and 5, the The Cheetah™ Feature is triggered. All high win symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 will turn into The Cheetah™ symbols for that spin. If the Fire Wild feature is triggered on the same spin, any symbol turned Wild by the Fire Wild feature will turn into a The Cheetah™ Wild, which pays the same as the The Cheetah™ symbol. Payouts are calculated after the The Cheetah™ symbol activates. Wonder Woman™ Respins When a Wonder Woman™ symbol simultaneously lands fully on reels 1 and 5, the Wonder Woman™ Respins feature is triggered. All Wonder Woman™ symbols on the reels lock in position and the reels will respin. Only Wonder Woman™ symbols and empty spaces can land during respins. When a new Wonder Woman™ symbol lands on the reels, it locks in place, and the reels respin again. The feature will end when no new Wonder Woman™ symbols land on the reels. Wonder Woman™ Respins can only be triggered during the main game and Wonder Woman™ Free Games. Feature Selection Screen The feature selection screen is triggered when 2 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels simultaneously in the main game. Select SPIN to reveal the Free Games feature won. The Cheetah™ Free Games The Cheetah™ Free Games are awarded from the Feature Selection screen. Select Start to start the free games. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. The Free Games Left field shows the number of remaining free games. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. During The Cheetah™ Free Games, when a win forms with a high win symbol, that symbol will turn into a The Cheetah™ symbol for all remaining free games. If the final free game includes a high symbol win without a The Cheetah™ win, an extra free game is awarded. The feature selection screen cannot be triggered from within free games. Scatters landing during free games can trigger additional free games for the feature: 1 Scatter symbol awards 3 more free games. 2 Scatter symbols award 12 more free games. A message will appear that informs you of your total winnings and you will be returned to the main game. Wonder Woman™ Free Games Wonder Woman™ Free Games are awarded from the Feature Selection screen. Select Start to start the free games. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. The Free Games Left field shows the number of remaining free games. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. Before Free Games start, one of the following symbols will be chosen to appear stacked on every reel for each spin: 10, Q, A, Steve, Diana and Ares. Scatters landing during free games can trigger additional free games for the feature: 1 Scatter symbol awards 3 more free games. 2 Scatter symbols award 12 more free games. A message will appear that informs you of your total winnings and you will be returned to the main game. Fire Wild Free Games Fire Wild Free Games are awarded from the Feature Selection screen. Select Start to start the free games. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. The Free Games Left field shows the number of remaining free games. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. Fire Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Fire Wild Free Games. When a Fire Wild symbol lands, it will display a high win symbol and turn all instances of that symbol on the reels Wild for that spin. If 2 Fire Wild Symbols land on the reels, 2 high win symbols will transform into Fire Wilds. If 3 Fire Wild Symbols land on the reels, 3 high win symbols will transform into Fire Wilds. Scatters landing during free games can trigger additional free games for the feature: 1 Scatter symbol awards 3 more free games. 2 Scatter symbols award 12 more free games. A message will appear that informs you of your total winnings and you will be returned to the main game. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the progressive jackpots start with) -- Mini: € 100; Minor: € 1,000; Major: € 10,000; Grand: € 200,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into each of the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): the jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature. The trigger that starts the jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the win pop-up together with any other winnings. The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If the jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.34%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, you will be automatically directed back to the game after you log back into the Casino and the latest spin will be replayed. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. You can select the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000