Top Gun 5-Reel with All-Ways Feature The objective of Top Gun is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is always played with 243 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Bet × 25 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your coin value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of auto spins. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the Coin Value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable. The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times allowing for 243 Ways to Win on every spin. 3 or more adjacent symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols in any position on each consecutive reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbol can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Top Gun Logo symbol. The WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol except for the SCATTER symbols to form the best possible winning combination. More information on WILD symbol can be found at the Paytable. There is also a separate payout for 5 WILD symbols landing on consecutive reels. This payout can be seen in the Paytable. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Fighter Jet symbol. The SCATTER symbol triggers Danger Zone Free Games when appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously. If SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the Danger Zone Free Games round, 8 more Free Games are won. Additional Free Games can be won indefinitely in this way. More information on Danger Zone Free Games can be found below. DOGFIGHT WILDS The Dogfight Wilds Feature is a Mystery feature in this game that can be triggered randomly on any main game spin. When the feature is triggered, between 1 and 15 randomly selected symbol spaces on the reels will be changed into WILD symbols while reels are still spinning. Note: Dogfight Wilds Feature and Danger Zone Free Games can trigger in the same spin. The payout for the spin that triggered both features will be awarded first, with the Dogfight Wilds, then Danger Zone Free Games will begin. SCATTER symbols covered by the Dogfight Wilds feature will still count towards triggering Danger Zone Free Games. DANGER ZONE FREE GAMES 8 Danger Zone Free Games are triggered by SCATTER symbols landing on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously. Tap the PLAY button to begin the Danger Zone Free Games when they are triggered. During Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same Total Bet as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After each spin, the win is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games. During Danger Zone Free Games the Dogfight Wilds feature will be enhanced. The enhanced Dogfight Wilds feature is a mystery feature that can be triggered on any Free Games spin. When the enhanced Dogfight Wilds feature is triggered, even more WILD symbols will be placed on the reels than in the standard feature. After all Free Games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free games) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Tapping CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.93%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020