Nero's Fortune About the game Nero's Fortune is a 5X5, 20 base bet cluster-pay video slot featuring Tumble Mechanics and a Burning Arrows feature. There is a Flames Of Nero bonus game with Free Spins and a Flames Of Nero feature. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.24%. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the initial symbols are tumbling in you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in the desktop version or by tapping anywhere in the mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Cluster-pay wins pay for clusters of touching symbols. Only the highest win per symbol cluster is paid. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Tumble Mechanics Tumble Mechanics are available in both the base game and the Flames Of Nero bonus game. Any symbols that are part of a winning cluster are removed. The empty positions will be filled with symbols falling from above. Any new wins will be added to the existing win. Tumbling ends when there are no new winning clusters. Burning Arrows Feature Only in base game. After a winning cluster is removed from the reels, there is a chance that a multiplier will be created in the empty symbol positions. The multiplier remains under the symbols until it is revealed by a win in a later tumble sequence. If a winning symbol cluster is removed and reveals one or more of the multipliers from a previous win, then the revealed multipliers are accumulated until the end of the spin. Any win in the current spin will be multiplied by the accumulated multiplier value. The accumulated multiplier value resets between every spin. Flames Of Nero 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in a single spin will start the Flames Of Nero bonus game. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in a single spin will award 10 Free Spins. 4 Bonus Scatter symbols in a single spin will award 12 Free Spins. 5 Bonus Scatter symbols in a single spin will award 14 Free Spins. During The Flames Of Nero bonus game: Multipliers are placed under randomly selected symbols every free spin. Multipliers revealed under a winning cluster accumulate throughout the bonus game. The winnings of the symbol clusters are multiplied by the accumulated multiplier value. The accumulated multiplier value resets at the end of the bonus game. Special symbols Bonus Scatter symbol 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols trigger the Flames Of Nero bonus game. There are no Bonus Scatter symbols on the reels during the Flames Of Nero bonus game. Wild Symbol Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbols. Wild symbol is evaluated separately in each involved symbol cluster. Wild symbol does not pay by itself. Wild symbol is removed before tumbling if it is involved in one or more symbol cluster wins. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020