Leprechaun's Luck Collect'em 5-reel 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. Wins can form on any payline. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm. Press TURBO to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session.Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. Feature and symbol payouts are listed in the paytable. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line value must be multiplied by the payout. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 30. Paylines are represented by frames that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol: The green clover with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect'Em™, Cash Prize, Diamond and Free Games symbols. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reel #5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel #5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize, Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Collect'Em™ Feature The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel #5 during the main game, or on reels #1-#5 during the Free Games, and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are depended to the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, +2 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize, number of free games or a cash prize accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Note: Cash Prize symbols contain values of x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note: Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reel 5 and 1 or more Free Games coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that land awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won equals the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games, the Collect'Em™ symbol locks on the reels and shifts 1 position to the left for each spin until it exits the reels. Note: More than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol can be on the reels at a time. Note: New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. During free games, each Collect'Em™ symbols collect all Cash Prize, Diamond and/or Free Games symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel #5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games, and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect'Em™ Prize. There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI. The GRAND prize value = total bet x 500 The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 200 The MINOR prize value = total bet x 50 The MINI prize value = total bet x 20 Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ is locked on the reels during Free Games. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 92.42%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/23/2024