Anaconda Wild 6-Reel 50-Line Slot The objective of Anaconda Wild™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click the circle next to DON’T SHOW THIS NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 50. Choose your total bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. The feature starts and ends automatically. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed by the clicking the INFO button or via the Menu. Line bet = total bet / 50. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 or more winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the highest winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS There are 2 types of WILD symbols in this game: the regular WILD symbol and the special WILD symbol. The special WILD symbol is bigger than the regular WILD symbol. The regular WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols. The special WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols and triggers the ANACONDA WILD RESPINS feature. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols of the same type on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the matching WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD symbols standing in). ANACONDA WILD RESPINS FEATURE Whenever a special WILD symbol appears anywhere on the reels the ANACONDA WILD RESPINS feature is triggered. On each spin, the snake moves to an adjacent symbol and leaves a regular WILD symbol on its path. This will repeat until the snake returns to its starting position (the special WILD symbol). The final respin occurs after the final snake on the reels has returned to its starting position. Snakes can only move left, right, up and down: snakes cannot move diagonally. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Buttons: INFO - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Clicking BACK exits the INFO screen and returns to the game. Total Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the total bet. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.48%. Last modification date: 3/30/2021