Superman 6-reel 4096-ways slot. The objective of Superman™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Do not show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. This game is always played with 4096 Ways to Win. The total bet per game round is the coin value × 40. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO MODE ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. All way wins pay according to the values in the paytable multiplied by the coin bet. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press X . ALL-WAYS There are 4096 possible winning combinations in this All Ways game. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 3 or more matching symbols on consecutive reels. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. 2 Superman™ symbols starting from the leftmost reel can also form a win. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The Superman™ logo is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Daily Planet symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels triggers Free Games . POWER SYMBOLS : During the main game any symbol, except WILD or SCATTER symbols, may appear as power symbols. Power symbols expand to all 4 symbol positions vertically and horizontally if they will create or improve a win by doing so. The power symbol may change for each spin. Power symbols are surrounded by yellow fire. Power symbols cannot expand over WILD or SCATTER symbols. FREE GAMES : Free Games are played automatically with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere trigger Free Games : 6 SCATTER symbols trigger 100 free games 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 15 free games 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games Additional free games can be triggered when 2 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the feature: 2 SCATTER symbols award 5 additional free games 3 or more SCATTER symbols award the same number of additional free games as above During Free Games , only Superman™ symbols can appear as power symbols. DC SUPER HEROES™ JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot. The DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot feature. Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): the jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot. Entering the jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. The trigger that starts the jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the win pop-up together with any other winnings. Seed (how much money the progressive jackpots start with) -- Mini: € 100; Minor: € 1,000; Major: € 10,000; Grand: € 200,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into each of the jackpots): 0.99% The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If the jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.18% without the jackpot, and 96.17% with the jackpot. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020