Panther Pays 5-reel 50-line slot Join in the Hunt with this 50-line slot. Win up to 250x your total bet with stacked Panther symbols on every reel. During the free games, at the beginning of each spin, one additional Wild symbol will be added to each reel strip for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The objective of the Panther Pays™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Panther Pays™ is a 5-reel, 4-row slot game with a free games feature. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 50. The total bet is equal to 50x coin value. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Line wins will equal your coin value multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Scatter wins will equal your total bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is how much you want to spend on each line in the game. Line win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable multiplied by the coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. Free games: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously on any reels, free games are triggered. 10 free games are awarded. During free games the reels spin automatically. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the free games, any 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously on any reels, will award an additional 5 free games. During the free games, at the beginning of each spin, one additional Wild symbol will be added to each reel strip for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. A maximum of 10 additional Wild symbols can be added to each reel strip. After the last free game has finished a message will appear informing you of your total winnings. Press Continue button to return to the main game. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.25%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020