Age of the Gods: Norse Book of Dwarves 5-reel 50-line slot The objective of Age of the Gods™ Norse: Book of Dwarves™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also tick DO NOT SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put the cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Book of Dwarves Free Games or Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. Payouts are listed in the Paytable section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the letter 'W' is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The book is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels triggers the Book of Dwarves Free Games feature. Book of Dwarves Free Games When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on reels, the Book of Dwarves Free Games feature is triggered. During Free Games , the reels are spun automatically. Before the Book of Dwarves Free Games start, the Book chooses a special symbol. The chosen symbol will expand to a big 3x3 sized symbol for a greater chance to win. There are 4 levels in the Book of Dwarves Free Games . You can progress through the levels by collecting SCATTER symbols and filling up the bar next to the reels. Once you have reached the next level, you will be awarded with an additional free games and additional special expanding symbol. In level 1, you will receive 10 free games and 1 random low paying expanding symbol. In level 2, you will receive 5 more free games and 1 additional random low or high paying expanding symbol. In level 3, you will receive 4 more free games and 1 additional random high paying expanding symbol. In level 4, you will receive 3 more free games and the WILD symbol as an expanding symbol. Note : Once a symbol is revealed as a special symbol, it can appear as a special symbol on any Free Games spin. Note: During levels 2, 3 and 4, when more than 1 kind of special symbol lands on the same spin, the symbol with the lower payout will transform into the symbol with the higher payout and then expand. Note: If a special symbol lands on the reels during level 1, all winning combinations on-screen, including any winning combinations formed with the special symbol (before expanding), are calculated first. The special symbol then expands to a big 3x3 sized symbol and new wins formed with the expanded special symbol are calculated. Note: If more than 1 special symbol lands on the reels during level 2, 3 or 4, all winning combinations on-screen, including any winning combinations formed with the special symbols (before expanding), are calculated first. All special symbols transform into the highest-paying special symbol that appeared on-screen that spin and expand to a big 3x3 sized symbol. Any new wins formed with expanded special symbols are then calculated. Note: Once you have collected enough SCATTER symbols for the next level, you must first finish the current level. Then you will play the next level with an additional spins and an extra random expanding symbol. 3 or more SCATTER symbols on the reels during free games award additional free games: In level 1 you will get 10 additional free games; In level 2 you will get 5 additional free games; In level 3 you will get 4 additional free games; In level 4 you will get 3 additional free games. The Book of Dwarves Free Games can be triggered indefinitely. Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot includes: Ultimate Power Jackpot and Daily Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Ultimate Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse Ultimate Power Jackpot and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot . Spinning the reels within the date and time shown on the Daily Jackpot ticker may trigger the Daily Jackpot . This jackpot is guaranteed to be won at least once during the time shown. In the rare event that the jackpot is not triggered whilst bets contribute to it, the first bet/contribution in the following timed period is guaranteed to win the jackpot. If the current Daily Jackpot is won before the date and time shown of the Daily Jackpot ticker, 1 or more jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker . Active Jackpot except the Ultimate Jackpot can become Hot - the ticker will change to inform you that the jackpot is likely to be won soon. Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 1.11% of each bet placed. 75.68% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 24.32% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Age of the Gods™ Norse games. Note : The Ultimate Power Jackpot is linked to several Age of the Gods™ Norse and Age of the Gods™ games, which are available through multiple casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating casinos. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is funded by the operator. Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): Daily Jackpot : Dynamic amount, dependent on players contribution. Ultimate Power : €100,000. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the casino. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the casino), you will be notified of it by the casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without the Jackpot Contribution is 94.11%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 94.66%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €182 Last modification date: 12/2/2020