Justice League Comic 5-reel 25-line slot . The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25 during the main game. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Do not show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + next to TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games or Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. Line bet = Total Bet / 25. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press X . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines during the main game. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 25. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The 'WILD' symbol is the explosion with the text WILD on it. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except the SCATTER and BONUS symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Justice League™ logo is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Landing 3 SCATTER symbols simultaneously on reels 3, 4 and 5 trigger Free Games . BONUS FEATURE : Land 3 BONUS symbols on any paylines on reels 1, 2, 3 during the base game or Free Games to trigger 1 of 3 Bonus Features . Choose 1 of the 3 BONUS symbols to reveal your prize. The chosen symbol will then reveal either a ? for the Mystery Symbol Feature, a ← for the Moving Wild Feature, or 2 revolving arrows for the Coin Respin Feature. Each bonus feature is awarded with a fixed probability. Press on 1 of the BONUS symbols to start the Bonus Feature : Mystery Symbol Bonus Feature If the BONUS symbol reveals a ?, the mystery symbols appear in all positions on the reels where the triggering BONUS symbols landed. The mystery symbols then all turn into the same symbol, guaranteeing at least one 3-of-a-kind win on all bet lines each time. The mystery symbol can turn into the WILD symbol and any of the high and low-win symbols. Moving Wild Bonus Feature If the BONUS symbol reveals a ←, the triggering BONUS symbols become shifting WILD symbols. Multiplier values are displayed above the reels and starts at 1x. The win multiplier values can be: 1x, 2x, 3x and 5x. After the win from the initial triggering spin is paid out, all shifting WILD symbols move 1 reel to the left and the win multiplier increases to 2x. The reels spin again for free, the shifting multiplier WILD symbols remain in their new positions and any wins are paid out. After any wins are paid, the shifting multiplier WILD symbols shift 1 reel to the left and the multiplier increases to 3x. If there are any shifting multiplier WILDS left on screen, the flow repeats. The feature ends on the spin after the last shifting multiplier WILD has shifted off screen to the left. Coin Respin Bonus Feature If the BONUS symbol reveals 2 revolving arrows, the triggering BONUS values stacked on the reels 1, 2, 3. A special reel set containing blank, coin and 2x symbols is used. Coin symbols display a cash value on each symbol. If any new coin or 2x symbols land on the reels, it locks and the reels respin again. If any of the 2x symbols land, it doubles all the present values on the screen. The feature will end when no new symbols land in the empty positions or all 15 positions are filled up. The value of all coin symbols accumulates and is paid to the player. FREE GAMES : 3 SCATTER symbols on reels 3, 4, 5 trigger Free Games . Free Games can be triggered with either 10, 15 or 20 free games and either a 1x or 2x win multiplier. During Free Games , the reels expand to a 5x4 grid with 40 paylines. If 2 SCATTER symbols land during Free Games , you will receive either 1, 2, 3 or 5 extra spins, or extra BONUS symbols added to reels 1, 2 and 3. If 3 SCATTER symbols land during Free Games , you will receive 10 extra spins and +1x to the win multiplier. The Mystery Symbol Bonus Feature, Moving Wild Bonus Feature and Coin Respin Bonus Feature can all be triggered during Free Games by landing 3 BONUS symbols on reels 1, 2 and 3. If any of the Bonus Features are triggered during Free Games , the Bonus Feature is played out before the next Free Games spin. The number of Free Games remaining does not decrease during a Bonus Feature. DC SUPER HEROES™ JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot . The DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot feature. Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): the jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot. Entering the jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. The trigger that starts the jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the win pop-up together with any other winnings. Seed (how much money the progressive jackpots start with) -- Mini: € 100; Minor: € 1,000; Major: € 10,000; Grand: € 200,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into each of the jackpots): 0.99% The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If the jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.28% without the jackpot, and 96.27% with the jackpot. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020