Arowanas Luck 3-reel, 1-line slot The objective of the Arowanas Luck™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Arowanas Luck™ is a 3-reel, 1-row slot game with a Respin Feature. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 1. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on 1 win line only. The win line is highlighted with a gold frame around it. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the spin winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i. To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X. Paylines: There is 1 active payline only, represented by a gold frame that appears over the symbol positions. Line wins can only form on this 1 active payline. Winning line combinations must appear on all reels, according to the paytable. Mixed Symbol Pay: Any combination of symbols that forms a whole fish on the win line will pay. If the symbol colours do not match each other, the combination will award the Mixed pay, according to the paytable. Respin Feature: Any win combination that includes 1 or more Rainbow Fish segments will award the Respin Feature. During the Respin Feature, one respin will be awarded. During this respin, all fish parts will be the same colour - either Blue, Green, Red, Gold or Rainbow. Any line win resulting from the respin will pay as normal, according to the paytable. The Respin Feature cannot be retriggered from the respin. The respin is played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered the feature. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.98%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/14/2024