Magical Stacks 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Magical Stacks™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '−' or '+'. Choose your Bet/Line by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to select the number of auto spins or UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Super Magical Free Games round is triggered.. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP button. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the AUTO PLAY button during an Autoplay session, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The manga style girl is the WILD symbol in this game. The WILD symbol appears both during the main game and the Super Magical Free Games and can stand for any other symbol (except for the SCATTER and MULTIPLIER symbols) to make the best possible winning combination on a winning payline. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The cute pet is the SCATTER symbol in this game. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline and appear during both the main game and the Super Magical Free Games round. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger 10 Super Magical Free Games. 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on reels during Super Magical Free Games award 10 additional Free Games. More information on the Super Magical Free Games can be found below. MYSTERY SYMBOL The cube with question marks is the MYSTERY symbol in this game. MYSTERY symbols appear in stacks during the main game and in even longer stacks during the Super Magical Free Games. Whenever a MYSTERY symbol appears on the reels, it will turn into any of the other symbols in the game (except for the SCATTER and MULTIPLIER symbols), before any wins are calculated. All MYSTERY symbols resulting from a single spin will transform into the same symbol. SUPER MAGICAL FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Super Magical Free Games with a random initial win multiplier between x2 and x5. To start the Free Games, tap the PLAY button. 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere in the Free Games spin results retrigger the Super Magical Free Games, awarding 10 additional Free Games. More Free Games can be won this way indefinitely. Super Magical Free Games start with a random initial multiplier of either x2, x3, x4, or x5. This multiplier will apply to the first Free Games spin and can be modified on subsequent spins by the MULTIPLIER symbol. Whenever the MULTIPLIER symbol appears anywhere on the 5th reel, it increases the current multiplier by one. If there is no MULTIPLIER symbol on the 5th reel after a spin, the multiplier goes down by one. The updated multiplier will apply to the next spin result. The Free Games multiplier minimum value is x2 and its maximum value is x5. If your current Free Games multiplier is x2 but no MULTIPLIER symbol appears on the 5th reel during a spin, the multiplier will remain the same. If your current multiplier is x5 and a MULTIPLIER symbol appears on the 5th reel, the multiplier will remain the same. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games. Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Total Win shows the accumulated winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Tapping CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.03%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020