Kingdoms Rise Chasm of Fear 5-reel, 1024-ways slot. The objective of Kingdoms Rise™: Chasm of Fear is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Don’t show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. This game is played with 1024 Ways-to-Win in the base game. Click the '+' and '-' buttons to select the total bet. Clicking the Turbo Mode button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE, which will spin the reels until the Respin , Free Games or Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the HIGH WIN SYMBOLS and LOW WIN SYMBOLS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. Ways: This game is played with 1024 Ways-to-Win in the base game. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 3 or more matching symbols on consecutive reels. 2 or more of the same Sea Serpent or Mermaid symbol on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The WILD symbol is the treasure chest symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best winning combination. WILD symbols can appear as a 2X or 3X multiplier WILD . The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter Symbol: The Giant symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol can only appear on reel 5. When a SCATTER symbol lands on the second row of reel 5, the Respin feature is triggered. When a SCATTER symbol lands on the third or fourth row of reel 5, the Free Games feature is triggered. Respin: During the feature, the reels expand to a 4-6-6-6-4 reel set with 3456 ways-to-win. The reels will respin once for free. This feature cannot be retriggered. Free Games During the feature, the reels expand to a 4-6-6-6-4 reel set with 3456 ways-to-win. When the feaure is triggered, you will win 6 free games. If a SCATTER symbol lands on the third row of reel 5 during Free Games , 3 extra free games are awarded. If a SCATTER symbol lands on the fourth row of reel 5 during Free Games , 6 extra free games are awarded. Wild Respin The Wild Respin feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . For 300 Game Tokens, you can buy 1 respin with a WILD symbol above reel 2. For 300 Game Tokens, you can buy 1 respin with a WILD symbol above reel 3. For 500 Game Tokens, you can buy 1 respin with 2 WILD symbols: one above reel 2 and one above reel 3. For 750 Game Tokens, you can buy 1 respin with 2 WILD symbols: one above reel 2 and one above reel 4. For 1000 Game Tokens, you can buy 1 respin with 3 WILD symbols: one above reel 2, one above reel 3 and one above reel 4. During the feature, the reels expand to a 4-6-6-6-4 reel set with 3456 ways-to-win. This feature cannot be retriggered. Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Once you have won Pending Game Tokens, they are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance is shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are subject to expiration. Unless stated differently by the casino operator, all Tokens will expire after 6 months of inactivity from the last time you played Kingdoms Rise™ games. Please note, Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are not won from stakes using bonus money except in cases where the casino permits it. Please refer to any bonus rules hosted by the casino for further information. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Each feature is unique to a specific game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relates to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating casinos. Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without using Game Tokens is 93.07%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 3.00%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 96.62%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020