Batman and The Batgirl Bonanza 5-Column 60-Line Slot The objective of Batman™ & the Batgirl™ Bonanza is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 60 active paylines. Your line bet per game round is your total bet / 60. Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. Click ‘−’ or ‘+’ below TOTAL BET to change your total bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch on or off the Turbo Mode. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until Batman™ Team-up Free Games, Batgirl™ Locked Respins or the DC Super Heroes Jackpot is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY . Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO page. All payouts are the Line Bet multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable . The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Bat WILD symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol except the BONUS symbol. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD symbol standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the BONUS symbol. The BONUS symbol only appears during the main game and only appears on columns 3, 4 and 5. When BONUS symbols land on these columns on the same main game spin, the Batman Team-Up Free Games feature is triggered. STACKED SYMBOLS Batman™, Batgirl™ and Robin™ symbols appear as single symbols on all reels during the main game and Batman Team-Up Free Games. Batman, Batgirl and Robin symbols also appear in 2-symbol high and 3-symbol high stacks on columns 3, 4 and 5 during the main game and Batman Team-Up Free Games. CO-OP SYMBOLS CO-OP symbols in the game are Batman/Robin, Batman/Batgirl, Batgirl/Robin. A CO-OP symbol can stand for either, or both, of the two symbols it displays to participate in as many winning combinations as possible. BATGIRL LOCKED RESPINS Land 4 matching symbols on the first 2 columns to win 5 Batgirl Locked Respins. CO-OP symbols and WILD symbols can count as matching symbols. During respins only the 3 large reels on the right spin: the smaller reels on the left are locked in place. BATMAN Team-Up FREE GAMES The Batman Team-Up Free Games feature is triggered whenever 3 BONUS symbols land on columns 3, 4 and 5 simultaneously during the main game. A video clip will appear on the screen before the feature begins. Click the SKIP button to skip the video. When the feature begins, click PICK ME cards from the selection screen to reveal characters. Each selected PICK ME card will contribute to a collection area for a character at the top of the screen: Robin, Batgirl or Batman. Keep clicking PICK ME cards until a character’s collection area is filled to reveal the number of free games won: 12, 17 or 25. After revealing the number of free games won, click the START button. During Batman Team-Up Free Games columns 1 and 2 are merged to form a single reel filled with large 2x2 symbols. Winning combinations can form as standard across all reels during free games. Batman Team-Up Free Games cannot be re-triggered. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot . The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand . The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot feature contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking on a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . Golden Chip Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have the Golden Chip bonus available. Clicking this icon opens the Golden Chip menu . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. With REELS button you can return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Total Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the total bet. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.00% that includes Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020