Chests of Plenty 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Chests of Plenty™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The Girl Pirate symbol is always WILD and can substitute for any other symbol except for TREASURE CHEST SCATTER or BONUS SCATTER symbols. The Boy Pirate symbol is a normal symbol unless it lands immediately to the horizontal left or right of a Girl Pirate symbol. In this case the Boy Pirate symbol becomes a WILD symbol (and acts the same as the Girl Pirate symbol). A Girl Pirate symbol could be between two Boy Pirate symbols and then they would both be turned to WILD symbols. BONUS SCATTER SYMBOL AND TREASURE ISLAND Landing 3, 4 or 5 of the BONUS SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels will start the Treasure Island bonus . Click CONTINUE to begin the bonus. There are 3 different maps with increasingly higher prize amounts in them. If you landed 3 BONUS SCATTER symbols then you start on the first map (Booty Island), if you landed 4 BONUS SCATTER symbols then you start on the 2nd map (Isle of Plenty) and if you landed 5 BONUS SCATTER symbols then you start on the 3rd and most rewarding map (Jackpot Island). It is possible to go from one map up to a higher value map by collecting 3 of the Map symbols. You cannot drop back down to the previous map. Each map consists of a trail around an island and on that trail are different prizes as well as blank spaces, map pieces (to get to the next map) and mystery awards that could contain money or a map piece. There is a wheel with numbers from 1 to 7 and a 'Skull and cross bones' space. Spinning the wheel awards either a number of spaces you will move forward or the 'Skull and cross bones' which will end the bonus and award all accumulated winnings. Clicking CONTINUE will return you to the main game. All wins from each map are added together and collected at the end (they cannot be lost at all and are kept when you go from one map to another). TREASURE CHEST SCATTER SYMBOL, TREASURE CHEST AND JACKPOT Treasure chest is a TREASURE CHEST SCATTER symbol. The Treasure Chest Bonus game is triggered by landing Chest symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. Click the PLAY button to begin the bonus. There is no win attached to the Chest symbols – only entry to the Treasure Chest Bonus game, which itself guarantees a win. The 3 chests will move to the middle of the screen and then open up to reveal 3 gems in each chest. If 3 identical gems appear from a chest a prize will be awarded (exact amount depends on the type of gem and the total stake). If the 3 gems in a chest are not the same then that chest will close and will not open any more. When all 3 chests close the bonus will end. Clicking CONTINUE will return you to the main game. After all 3 chests have opened and shown gems then the chests that had a win will open and reveal 3 gems again. This will continue for each chest until it does not award a win. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT If all 9 of the gems shown at any one point are diamonds, then the player wins the progressive Jackpot. Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the bonus round. It will continue and you will still get the normal wins for the bonus as well. The winnings will all be added on when you finish the bonus round. In the event of a communication error after a progressive win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. In the event of the jackpot being won, other players playing the game simultaneously will be informed. The new jackpot value will be displayed on the top of the screen. Whilst the game is live the jackpot can only be terminated if the value of the jackpot is zero. If the game is removed the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another one. One of the possible wins in this game is the Progressive Jackpot, built up by all the Casinos that offer the game. A small percentage of each bet, by every person playing this game in each of many online Casinos, is added to a common pot. When a player gets the right result, that player wins the entire Jackpot (in some games you can also win part of it). After a Jackpot has been won, a new pot is started, with the Casinos contributing a base amount of money (called a seed). This ensures that even if you get a Jackpot result in a game right after someone else has won the Jackpot, you will still get a large win. Please note: In some games you have to make a specific bet to be eligible for the Jackpot. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Due to communication delays two players may nevertheless appear to win the Jackpot simultaneously. In this case the first payout will be for the full jackpot value, whilst the second player will receive the reseed value. When the Jackpot is won, it is reset to the balance stored in the reseed fund. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): EUR 20,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) Average contribution rate (what average percentage of each bet goes into the Progressive Jackpot): 1.69% (1.62% to progressive pot and 0.07% to seed pot) Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): If all 9 of the gems shown at any one point are diamonds, then the player wins the progressive Jackpot. Win requirements (what you need to do to qualify for the Progressive Jackpot): Play the Chests of Plenty™ game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 88 . 31 and the maximum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage that includes the jackpot contribution is 90 . 00 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020