Blue Wizard: Collect'Em and Link 5-reel, 30-line game The objective of the Blue Wizard: Collect'Em & Link™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press ▶ to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. To close bet settings and return to the game, press anywhere on the screen. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and Collect'Em™ winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wild Symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Collect'Em™ symbol and the Coin Prize symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. During the main game, the Wild symbols on reel 3 may appear with a multiplier value. In free games, all Wild symbols on reel 3 always appear with a multiplier attached. Any line win that includes a Wild with a multiplier, will pay the normal win multiplied by the multiplier. Possible multiplier values are 2, 3, 5 or 8. The Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with the words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reels 1 and 5 only in the main game and all reels in the Free Games and Collect & Link features. Landing a Collect'Em™ symbol will collect all Cash Prize , Diamond and/or Free Games symbols which landed on the reels on that spin, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Landing a Collect'Em™ symbol and Link or Mega Link coins will trigger the Collect & Link feature. Coin Prize Symbols: There are 5 Coin Prize symbols in the game: The symbol with a cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. The symbol with the '+(number)' on it is the Free Games symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. The symbol with the word 'Link' on it is the Link symbol. The symbol with the word 'Mega' on it is the Mega Link symbol. The Cash Prize and Free Games symbols on reel 3 may be upgraded to higher values in the main game and are always upgraded in free games. Collect'Em™ Feature: The Collect'Em™ feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 1 and/or 5 in the main game and on any reel in the Free Games with at least one Coin Prize symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. Each instance of a Coin Prize symbol awards you with the cash prize/diamond, the displayed number of Free Games or the Collect & Link feature. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Note: Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note: Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Collect'Em™ Diamond Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 1 and/or 5 in the main game and on any reel in the Free Games with a Diamond symbol anywhere on the reels triggers a Collect'Em™ diamond prize. There are 4 types of diamond prizes that can be won: GRAND prize = total bet x 500; MAJOR prize = total bet x 200; MINOR prize = total bet x 50; MINI prize = total bet x 20. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Free Games Feature: Land 1 or more Free Games symbols anywhere on the reels with a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 1 and/or 5 in the main game to trigger the Free Games feature. Each Free Games symbol that lands awards the number of Free Games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games symbols land on the reels, the total number of Free Games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games symbol. During each free game, all Wild symbols that appear on reel 3 have a multiplier attached. During free games, the Collect'Em™ feature can be triggered as normal. Collect'Em™ symbols landing during the free games will remain frozen for 3 spins. Every spin during the free games, reel 3 will upgrade the Collect'Em™ symbol freeze or the Cash Prize or Free Games symbols. The freeze can be upgraded for up to 10 spins only once for each new Collect'Em™ symbol that landed on reel 3. The Cash Prize or Free Games symbols are upgraded by increasing their displayed values. The Cash Prize symbols may also be turned into the Diamond symbols. The Diamond symbols are not upgraded. During free games, additional free games can be awarded by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol and a Free Games symbol anywhere on the reels. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Collect & Link Feature: Land a Link symbol or a Mega Link symbol anywhere on the reels with a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 1 and/or 5 in the main game or on any reel in free games to trigger the Collect & Link feature. 3 respins are awarded. Once the feature starts, the Link symbol becomes a Cash Prize symbol with a random value of 2x, 3x or 5x the total bet, the Mega Link symbol turns into a Cash Prize symbol with 1 of the following values: 5x, 10x or 15x the total bet. All Coin Prize and Collect'Em™ symbols lock in position for the entirety of the feature. During the feature, any new symbol that lands will reset the respins counter back to 3. When the feature is triggered with a Mega Link symbol, reels 2, 3 and 4 will always upgrade any Cash Prize or Free Games symbol that lands by increasing its displayed value. The Cash Prize symbols may also be turned into the Diamond symbols. The Diamond symbols are not upgraded. The Link and Mega Link symbols do not appear during the feature. Filling all symbol positions with held symbols will award the GRAND prize. The feature ends when the number of respins reaches 0 or the reels are filled with symbols. All prizes in view are collected after the feature ends, each prize being awarded once for each Collect'Em™ symbol present on the reels. If there are any Free Games symbols, these will also be collected, and the Free Games feature will be played. Nudge Feature: During the main game on non-triggering spins, reels 1 or 5 may nudge in the Collect'Em™ symbol and trigger the feature. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.48%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/28/2025