Azteca Bonus Lines 5-reel 10-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Azteca: Bonus Lines™ can be played in both landscape and portrait mode. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet / 10. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 10 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet / 10. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Cash , Free Games Coin and Prize symbols. Bonus Lines Collect The Bonus Lines Collect is triggered by landing a Cash , Free Games Coin or Prize symbol on reel 5. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with the cash value on it is the Cash symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games Coin symbol. For example, a +5 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Prize symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Cash , Free Games Coin and Prize symbols are multiplied by the number of winning lines. Note : Cash symbols contain values of x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10. Note : Free Games Coin symbols contain values of +1, +2, +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Bonus Lines™ Feature When Cash , Free Games Coin , or Prize symbols land on reel 5 with any winning lines, the Bonus Lines™ feature is triggered and your wins are boosted. Note : Cash , Free Games Coin and Prize symbols are multiplied by the number of line wins for that spin. Each winning line awards the prize that was won - a cash prize or a number of free games: If a Cash symbol lands on reel 5 with any winning lines, on top of the line wins, you are awarded the amount of cash shown on the coin, multiplied by the number of winning lines on the reels. If a Free Games Coin symbol lands on reel 5 with any winning lines, on top of the line wins, you are awarded the number of free games shown on the coin, multiplied by the number of winning lines on the reels. Bonus Lines™ Free Games Feature If a Free Games Coin symbol lands on reel 5 with any winning lines, the Bonus Lines™ Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games Coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. Press ► to start the Bonus Lines™ Free Games feature. During the Bonus Lines™ Free Games feature, the WILD symbol is locked on reel 3. During free games, each Free Games Coin symbol that lands on reel 5 grants additional free spins, multiplied by the number of winning lines on the reels. If a Cash symbol lands on reel 5 during the Bonus Lines™ Free Games feature, your winnings equal the sum written on the coin multiplied by the number of line wins of that spin. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Prize Boost When a Prize symbol lands on reel 5, Prize Boost is triggered. There are 3 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR and MINOR . Each prize is multiplied by the number of winning lines for that spin. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize grants a fixed amount based on the bet value and can be won multiple times. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.93%. The RTP value is the theoretical return to player, calculated by dividing the total winnings by total amount bet from 1000000000 simulated game rounds. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/10/2024