Great Blue Jackpot 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Great Blue Jackpot™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click Don’t show next time if you want to skip this screen in future. This game is played with a non-fixed number of 25 active paylines. Total bet per game round = line bet × number of active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+' below 'LINE BET'. Choose the number of active paylines by clicking '–' or '+' below 'LINES'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to see the Autoplay options. The number of auto spins left is displayed instead of the AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Pearl Bonus or Great Blue Jackpot is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into the AUTO SPINS LEFT panel and the small STOP button. Click the small STOP button to stop Autoplay mode. To entered the triggered feature, click on the CLICK TO START button. After the feature ends, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen returns you to the main game or resumes Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO button. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The whale is the WILD symbol in the game. It substitutes for all symbols except for the SCATTER symbol. A WILD symbol doubles the win for each winning combination in which it participates. The win for a combination that contains multiple WILD symbols is doubled (despite the presence of more than 1 WILD symbol). WILD symbols can land in stacks on all reels. SCATTER SYMBOL The seashell and pearl symbol is the SCATTER symbol. There is a separate payout for 2 or more SCATTER symbols. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Pearl Bonus feature. PEARL BONUS FEATURE 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Pearl Bonus feature. Click CLICK TO START to enter the Bonus game. You will automatically be awarded 8 free games and a 2X win multiplier. Pick 2 seashells out of 5 to win extra free games and/or extra win multiplier(s). Any extra multipliers you reveal are added to the 2X win multiplier. You can win up to 33 free games and a 15X multiplier (this includes the 8 free games and 2X multiplier awarded at the start). When you have selected 2 seashells, click CONTINUE on the pop-up to begin the Free Games feature. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line and the number of lines as on the spin that triggered the feature. Your wins in the Free Games feature are multiplied by the win multiplier, displayed in the top left corner of the screen. Land 3 or more SCATTER symbols during a Free Games spin to trigger 15 extra free games. Extra free games can be triggered indefinitely. The number of free games is added to the existing but the multiplier is the same as in the Pearl Bonus feature. When all free games have been played, click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game reels. GREAT BLUE JACKPOT The Great Blue Jackpot is a mystery multi-level progressive jackpot game. The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all the Casinos that offer the Great Blue Jackpot™ game. A small percentage of every bet (called the ‘contribution rate’) that is placed by every person eligible to win the Great Blue Jackpot in various online Casinos is added to the progressive jackpot pool. There are 4 different jackpots that can be won: Dark Blue (Whale), Light Blue (Shark), Green (Turtle) and Yellow (Fish). The different jackpot levels hold different prize amounts. The trigger that starts the jackpot game can randomly occur on any main game spin including losing spins. A bet of any size can trigger the jackpot game, but the higher your bet, the bigger your chance to enter the jackpot game. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. Click CLICK TO START to enter the Great Blue Jackpot. At the end of the jackpot game, a win screen displays your winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. The Great Blue Jackpot works like this: Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Dark Blue (Whale): €40,000 Light Blue (Shark): €2,000 Green (Turtle): €200 Yellow (Fish): €20 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Great Blue Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result required to win a jackpot): Entering the Great Blue Jackpot guarantees a win. Collect 3 symbols of the same color to win the corresponding jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play Great Blue Jackpot™ game. The jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Clicking on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Great Blue Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 second). If the player fails to find three matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Great Blue Jackpot prohibits simultaneous jackpot wins. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch it. Featured - is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Click the X button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking INFO opens the reference screen describing different game components. Click the arrow buttons beside the screen to switch between the different Info screens. The Symbol Payouts , Pearl Bonus , Great Blue Jackpot and Paylines screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking the X button exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons INFO - Open the paytable of the game. Lines - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines by clicking the + or − buttons. Line Bet - Increase or decrease the line bet by clicking the + or − buttons. Spin - Spin the reels. Stop - Stop the reel spin. Autoplay / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the gameplay by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 02 % that includes jackpot contribution of 0 . 99 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020