Hainan Ice 5-reel 25-line slot The objective of the Hainan Ice™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Hainan Ice™ is a 5 reel, 3 row slot game with 5 collection features and Winning Cascades that can award win multipliers. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. The total bet is equal to 25x coin value. On the entry screen, press the Start button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Ways wins are only available when the Starfruit Feature is active. Only the highest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line or ways winnings. Wins are displayed in the paytable according to a currently selected total bet. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to Starfruit Feature . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for another symbol to form a Mega Block. Lychee Wild symbol: The Lychee Wild can only appear when the Lychee Wild Feature is active. The Lychee Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The Lychee Wild symbol cannot substitute for another symbol to form a Mega Block. Winning Cascades After each symbol evaluation, any symbols that are involved in a line win, ways win or Mega Block, will disappear. Symbols above any symbols that have disappeared will drop down to occupy the vacant symbol positions. Vacant symbol positions will be filled by new symbols dropping down. This process of removing winning symbols and replacing them is a cascade . Once all vacant symbol positions are filled, the symbols will be evaluated again. After the evaluation, if there is another win, a new cascade will take place. For each win evaluation after the first cascade, a multiplier will be applied to all line and ways wins as follows: After the 1st Cascade: all wins x2 After the 2nd Cascade: all wins x3 After the 3rd Cascade: all wins x5 After the 4th Cascade: all wins x7 After cascade number 5: all wins x10 Each spin has a maximum of 7 cascades. Mega Blocks When 4 or 9 identical Wild , Orange , Starfruit , Grape or Lychee symbols appear on grid of 2x2 symbols or 3x3, a Mega Block will be formed. A symbol may not be part of more than one Mega Block . When 2 or more Mega Blocks can be formed from the available symbols, the first Mega Block found, starting from the top left corner and moving right, then down, will form first. Substituting Wild symbols do not contribute to forming a Mega Block , but a Mega Block may be made entirely of Wild symbols or Lychee Wild symbols. Provided at least one part of the symbols in the block is part of a winning line or way, the whole Mega Block will disappear and collected into the collection tally meter. Mega Block will disassemble when it is no longer a grid of 2x2 because of the cascading action. When at least 3 of a kind fruits have been collected, the corresponding feature will be activated for the following spins until no more fruit available in the corresponding collection tally meter. Each spin consumes one of the collected fruit. If a fruit is collected when its feature is already active, it will be added to the collection tally. More than one Fruit Feature may be active at the same time. The Fruit collection tally and active collection features are linked to the total bet amount. Any change in bet can change which collection features are active and how many fruits of each type have been collected in the tally. Peach Wild Feature When at least 3 Wild fruits are collected, the Peach Wild Feature will be activated. During each active spin, a reel with Wild symbols only will be randomly picked in place of normal reel. Each spin consumes 1 collected Wild fruit. Orange Feature When at least 3 Orange fruits are collected, the Orange Feature will be activated. When the feature is activated, the multipliers for the Winning Cascades will be doubled for the duration of the feature. Each spin consumes 1 collected Orange fruit. Starfruit Feature When at least 3 Starfruit fruits are collected, the Starfruit Feature will be activated. When the feature is activated, symbols will be evaluated as Ways . Each spin consumes 1 collected Starfruit fruit. Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Grape Feature When at least 3 Grape fruits are collected, the Grape Feature will be activated. When the feature is activated, all 'A', 'K', 'Q', 'J' and '10' symbols will be removed from the reels. Each spin consumes 1 collected Grape fruit. Lychee Wild Feature When at least 3 Lychee fruits are collected, the Lychee Feature will be activated. When the feature is activated, all Lychee symbols on the reels will be replaced with Lychee Wild symbols. Each spin consumes 1 collected Lychee fruit. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.82%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020