Heart of the Frontier 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Heart of the Frontier is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click Play on the entry screen to access the main game reels. This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your line bet is your total bet divided by 20. Choose your total bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to see Autoplay options. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the AUTOPLAY button during an Autoplay session, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Showdown Free Games feature is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into the STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto Play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu icon at the top left of the screen. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the Paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 or more winning combinations occur on the same line you will be paid the value of the highest winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The game’s logo is a WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SHERIFF WILD symbols and BANDIT WILD symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD symbols standing in). EXPANDING WILD SYMBOLS Expanding SHERIFF WILD symbols and BANDIT WILD symbols substitute for all other symbols to make the best possible winning combination. They pay out as normal WILD symbols. SHERIFF WILD symbols and BANDIT WILD symbols expand to fill the entire reel when they land. SHERIFF WILD symbols lock when they expand and move 1 reel to the right at the start of every spin. When a SHERIFF WILD symbol is on the rightmost reel it shifts off the reels on the following spin. BANDIT WILD symbols lock when they expand and move 1 reel to the left at the start of every spin. When a BANDIT WILD symbol is on the leftmost reel it shifts off the reels on the following spin. Changing your total bet removes any BANDIT WILD or SHERIFF WILD symbols currently locked on the reels. When a BANDIT WILD symbol and a SHERIFF WILD symbol are on the reels at the same time, the Showdown Free Games feature is triggered. SHOWDOWN FREE GAMES 5 Showdown Free Games are awarded when a BANDIT WILD symbol and a SHERIFF WILD symbol are on the reels at the same time. Click the CLICK TO START button and then the OK button on the introductory screen to begin Showdown Free Games . The Showdown Free Games feature always awards 5 free games. When Showdown Free Games are triggered, all BANDIT WILD symbols and SHERIFF WILD symbols on the reels lock in place for all free games. SHERIFF WILD and BANDIT WILD symbols that land during Showdown Free Games also expand and lock in place for all remaining free games. During Showdown Free Games the reels are spun automatically. After each spin, the win for that spin is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games Total field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. The number of free games left is shown in the Free Games Remaining field. Once all Free Games spins are completed, a screen shows the accumulated winnings. Click OK on the summary screen to launch the Showdown feature. The SHERIFF WILD symbols and BANDIT WILD symbols on the reels will start a shootout. Only 1 SHERIFF WILD symbol or BANDIT WILD will survive the shootout and will remain on the reels when you return to the main game. After the showdown is completed you are returned to the main game. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Payouts screen shows all winning combinations. The Expanding Wild Symbols screen explains which features can be triggered and played in the game. The Showdown Free Games screen explains which feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates how ways work and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info – Opens the reference screen describing different game components. Lines – screen illustrates the number of active paylines in the game. Total Bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) converges to 96.09% when playing at a consistent bet level. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of any single spin is 56.25%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020