Dragon Spark 5-Reel, 3125-way Slot The objective of Dragon Spark™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also tick DON'T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. This game is played with 3125-ways-to-win . The total bet per game round is the coin bet × 20 (fixed multiplier value). Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put the cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. Symbol payouts are listed on the SYMBOLS PAYOUTS screens. Way win = coin bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The coin bet value is the total bet divided by 20. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The dragon symbol with the word 'WILD' is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the BONUS and the BOMB symbols, to form the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5 and triggers the Wild Fire on-reel feature whenever it lands. Bonus Symbol: The dragon egg symbol is the BONUS symbol in the game. Each spin, 3 eggs appear above reels 1, 3 and 5. If the symbol positions on reels 1, 3 and/or 5 collapse, the egg above any collapsing reel will fall, and the next symbol to land on these reels will be a BONUS symbol. Only 1 BONUS symbol can land per reel. If a BONUS symbol reaches the bottom row via the reels collapsing, it is saved in the collection area below its reel until the reels stop collapsing. When all 3 collection areas are simultaneously filled with BONUS symbols, the Free Games feature is triggered. If the reels stop collapsing and all 3 collections areas are not filled, the eggs reset, and reappear above reels 1, 3 and 5. Bomb Symbol: The green bomb symbol is the BOMB symbol in the game. Whenever a BOMB symbol lands on the reels, the Fire Blast feature is triggered after the reels stop collapsing. Collapsing Reels: Any win triggers the Collapsing Reels feature. Winning symbols disappear after they pay out, causing non-winning symbols above them to drop and new symbols to fall from above. Each collapse causes the win multiplier to increase by +1. The reels will continue to collapse until no new winning combinations are formed. The reels can collapse up to 50 times in a single spin. Win Multiplier: All payouts are multiplied by the win multiplier. The win multiplier starts at ×1. The win multiplier increases by 1 every time the Collapsing Reels feature is triggered. The win multiplier reverts to ×1 when no new wins are formed in the main game. The win multiplier caps at ×50. Fire Blast Feature Whenever a BOMB symbol lands on the reels, the Fire Blast feature is triggered after the reels stop collapsing. During the Fire Blast feature, the BOMB symbol explodes and removes all adjacent symbols, except any BONUS and WILD symbols, around it. When triggered, the Fire Blast feature increases the win multiplier by +1. Symbols that disappear due to the Fire Blast feature do not pay out. Wild Fire Feature Whenever 1 or more WILD symbol lands on the reels, a border of fire appears around the row the WILD symbols land on. When the reels stop collapsing, and any BOMB symbols have exploded, the Wild Fire feature is triggered. If more than 1 WILD symbol lands on the reels, the rows between the topmost and bottommost WILD symbols also receive a fire border. All symbols within the fire border disappear, causing the reels to collapse. If a stacked Dragon Queen symbol partially lands within the fire border, the symbol is separated into individual symbols, and only those within the fire border will disappear. When triggered, the Wild Fire feature increases the win multiplier by +1. Symbols that disappear due to the Wild Fire feature do not pay out. Free Games Feature Whenever 3 BONUS symbols reach the bottom of the reels during the main game, 10 Free Games are triggered. During the Free Games feature the reelset expands into a 7×5 reelset to create 16807 ways to win. The Free Games feature starts with a ×1 win multiplier which will increase by +1 each time the reels collapse. The win multiplier can only increase during Free Games ; non-winning spins do not reset the win multiplier. During Free Games , if a BONUS symbol collapses to the bottom row on reels 1, 3 and 5, you will win 3 extra free games. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. All Ways There are 3125 ways-to-win in the main game and 16807 ways-to-win during the Free Games feature. Any winning combinations of symbols on adjacent reels from left to right must start from the leftmost reel, and will pay regardless of the symbol position on the reel. 3 or more symbols on a consecutive reels trigger a win. The Dragon Queen symbols are an exception to this rule: 2 or more Dragon Queen symbols on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.31%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/19/2020