Football Rules 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Football Rules!™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER and BONUS symbols are an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER and BONUS symbols can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER and BONUS symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on a particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. BONUS SYMBOL Whenever BONUS symbol appear anywhere on reel 1 and 5 simultaneously during the main game or Free Games round, the Bonus feature is triggered. BONUS FEATURE BONUS symbols landing in any positions on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously during the main game trigger the Bonus feature. To start the round tap PLAY . Choose a football to reveal the number of free games won. Choose a shot to reveal the win multiplier for the free games. 3 to 20 free games can be won with a win multiplier from x2 to x10. Tap CONTINUE to see a message announcing the free games and win multiplier won. Tap CONTINUE again to begin the Free Games round. If BONUS symbols land in any positions on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously during the Free Games round, 3 - 20 extra free games will be added to the free games remaining. These extra free games will be played with the existing win multiplier. FREE GAMES During the Free Games round the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games. After each spin the win is displayed in the Win field. The box above the reels shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games round, the number of the Spins left, and the current multiplier. After all Free Games have been completed, you return to the main game automatically. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.06%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020