Beach Life 5-reel 20-line progressive slots with a fixed line bet The objective of Beach Life™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. This game is played with a fixed line bet. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. BONUS SYMBOL When there are 3 or more consecutive BONUS symbols on an active payline, starting from the leftmost reel, the Sunken Treasure bonus round is triggered. SUNKEN TREASURE BONUS In the Sunken Treasure Bonus round, pick 3 to 5 treasure chests by clicking them. The number of treasure chests to be picked is equal to the number of BONUS symbols that triggered the Bonus round. Each chest contains a cash prize. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT A certain percentage of every bet (called 'contribution rate') by every person playing this game in each of many online Casinos is added to the Progressive Jackpot pool. You can see the current Jackpot amount at the top of the game screen. To win the Progressive Jackpot, you must obtain 5 WILD symbols along the 20th payline, which must be active at the time. If you get 5 WILD symbols along any other active payline, you win 100,000 × line bet. After a Jackpot has been won, a new pot is started, with the participating Casinos contributing a base amount of money (called 'seed'). This ensures that even if you get a Jackpot result in a game right after someone else has won the Jackpot, you will still get a large win. In case you win the Jackpot while one or more other players are spinning for it, the player who triggered the feature first will win the full Jackpot amount (seed plus progressive) whereas the other player(s) will be awarded the Jackpot seed only. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): 100,000 × line bet Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): Max 3% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): 5 WILD symbols on the 20th payline (it must be active). Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play for maximum bet. Please note: If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 90 . 25 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 93 . 25 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020