Shields of Rome 5-reel 40-line slot . To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON'T SHOW AGAIN to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + next to TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTO . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the I button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons or page indicators. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press CLOSE . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines during the main game. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 40. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Fire Spin: The WILD symbol is the golden eagle. The SPECIAL symbol is the red shield. SPECIAL symbols have no payouts. A Wild Fire Spin occurs on every 10th spin. If a SPECIAL symbol lands during a main game spin, that symbol’s position will be marked with fire. During the Wild Fire Spin , all positions marked with fire from the previous 9 spins become WILD symbols. After the Wild Fire Spin ends, all positions marked with fire will no longer be marked. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols, except BONUS and SPECIAL symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol appears only on Wild Fire Spins . Bonus Symbol: The BONUS symbol cannot land during Wild Fire Spin. GREAT WAR FREE GAMES The BONUS symbol is the catapult. When 3 BONUS symbols land on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the main game, the Great War Free Games feature is triggered, and you can choose 1 of 4 F ree Games modes that award: 15 Free Games and 5 Random WILD symbols 10 Free Games and 7 Random WILD symbols 5 Free Games and 10 Random WILD symbols MYSTERY : Pick 1 shield to reveal 5, 10 or 15 free games. Pick a second shield to reveal if 5, 7 or 10 random WILD symbols will appear each spin. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.20%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 6/20/2023