Raiders of the Hidden Realm 5-reel 40-line slot Deepen into the fantasy slot - Raiders of the Hidden Realm™ - and obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press SKIP on the entry screen to skip the animation and enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 40. Press + and - from the left and right side of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press the spin button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the autoplay button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when the reels have spun the number of times specified, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the stop button. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: There are 40 fixed lines. Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. 3 or more Wild symbols have a separate payout. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The RR letters logo is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol changes to the relevant multiplier during the Sparks’ Free Games round. Stacked symbol: Morgana, Strider and Sparks symbols can land stacked on the reels. They can appear in 4 sizes: 1, 2, 3 or 4 symbols high. Raiders Shuffle Feature: When a fully stacked character symbol (Morgana, Strider or Sparks) appears on reel #1, and a partially stacked matching character symbol appears simultaneously on reel #5, the character symbols on reels #1 and #5 will turn into separate Wild symbols. All symbols on the reels will then shuffle, potentially creating new wins. Morgana’s Free games: When 4-symbol high stacked Morgana symbols land fully on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously, the Morgana’s Free Games feature is triggered. 8 free games are awarded. During Morgana’s Free Games, more Morgana symbols are added to the reels on every spin. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Free games cannot be retriggered. Strider’s Free Games: When 4-symbol high stacked Strider symbols land fully on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously, the Strider’s Free Games feature is triggered. 7 free games are awarded. During Strider’s Free Games, all Wild symbols that land on the reels will freeze in place for all remaining free games. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Free games cannot be retriggered. Sparks’ Free Games: When 4-symbol high stacked Sparks symbols land fully on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously, the Sparks’ Free Games feature is triggered. 6 free games are awarded. During Sparks’ Free Games, any Sparks symbol that lands on the reels will turn into a Wild symbol with a random win multiplier. When a stacked Sparks symbol lands, the stack will break into single Wild symbols, each with a different win multiplier. Wild win multipliers are only applied to winning combinations in which the Wild symbol participates. If more than 1 Wild symbol appears in the same winning combination, the total multiplier value will be multiplied together. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Free games cannot be retriggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.28%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020