Wild Cauldron About the game Wild Cauldron is a 6-reel, 4096 expanding ways game, featuring Locking Symbol Tumble spins, win multipliers and Free Spins. Theoretical payout is 96.09%. Special symbols Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter and increments the multiplier by x1 for each Wild symbol. Bonus Scatter 4 or more Bonus Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins, the number of Free Spins depends on the number of Bonus Scatter symbols that land. Locking Symbol Tumble Any winning line will trigger the Locking Symbol Tumble feature. During the feature, any winning combination is locked and accumulates at the bottom of the reels, all non-winning symbols are removed and new symbols tumble in. Every win will also increase the number of ways for a maximum of 262,144 ways. Expanding Ways Each tumble with a winning combination of symbols will increase the number of ways in the tumble sequence by adding 1 additional row of symbols for a maximum total of 8 rows. At maximum expansion the game becomes an 8 x 6-reel grid. The reels reset at the end of the tumble sequence. The tumble sequence ends when no new winning combinations are present. Free Spins 4 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in a single tumble sequence will trigger the Free Spins feature. The number of Free Spins depends on the number of Bonus Scatter symbols in the trigger. The maximum number of Bonus Scatter symbols is 6. 4 Bonus Scatter Symbols = 8 Free Spins 5 Bonus Scatter Symbols = 10 Free Spins 6 Bonus Scatter Symbols = 12 Free Spins In Free Spins 2 additional Bonus Scatter symbols in a spin awards +2 Free Spins. During Free Spins, both the Expanded Ways and Win Multipliers are persistent between spins for the duration of the Free Spins. Win Multiplier Any wild landing during a tumble sequence will increase the win multiplier by 1 for a maximum of 7 in a single spin. The win multiplier will reset at the end of the tumble sequence. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Way wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per way is paid. The separate way wins will be displayed on the way wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020