Jane Jones in Book of Kings 2 To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 10. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Day Book Symbol: The Day Book symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Night Book symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. 3 or more Day Book symbols in any position trigger the Day Free Games Feature with 10 Free Games. The Day Book symbol only appears when the game is in Day Mode . Night Book Symbol: The Night Book symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Day Book symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. 2 Night Book symbols in any position trigger the Night Free Games Feature with 5 Free Games. 3 or more Night Book symbols in any position trigger the Night Free Games Feature with 10 Free Games. The Night Book symbol only appears when the game is in Night Mode . Day Free Games: When 3 or more Day Book symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Day Free Games Feature is triggered. At the beginning of the feature a symbol will be chosen randomly to be the special expanding symbol for duration of the Free Games. The Day Book symbol cannot be chosen as the special expanding symbol . 10 Free Games are awarded. Throughout the Free Games, gameplay will be in Day Mode . During the Free Games, after the payout of regular symbols, each special expanding symbol may expand to cover all 3 positions on its reel. For each win line, any special expanding symbols will then be re-evaluated as if they appeared in sequence, starting from the leftmost reel. The special expanding symbol will expand only when additional wins can be awarded. The Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the Free Games, any 3 or more Day Book symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 10 additional Day Mode Free Games. The Night Book symbol does not appear in the Day Free Games Feature . Day and Night Mode: By default, games are played in Day Mode . On any main game spin, Night Mode may be triggered randomly. During Night Mode , all spins are free. Once triggered, Night Mode will remain for at least 3 spins, unless the Night Free Games Feature is triggered. During Night Mode spins, the total bet cannot be changed. During Night Mode , 2 or more scattered Night Book symbols will trigger the Night Free Games Feature . Night Free Games: When 2 or more Night Book symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Night Free Games Feature is triggered. 2 triggering Night Book symbols award 5 Free Games. 3 or more triggering Night Book symbols award 10 Free Games. At the beginning of the feature a symbol will be chosen randomly to be the special expanding symbol for duration of the Free Games. The Night Book symbol cannot be chosen as the special expanding symbol . Throughout the Free Games, gameplay will be in Night Mode . During the Free Games, after the payout of regular symbols, each special expanding symbol may expand to cover all 3 positions on its reel. For each win line, any special expanding symbols will then be re-evaluated as if they appeared in sequence, starting from the leftmost reel. The special expanding symbol will expand only when additional wins can be awarded. The Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the Free Games, any 2 Night Book symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 3 additional Night Mode Free Games. During the Free Games, any 3 or more Night Book symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 10 additional Night Mode Free Games. The Day Book symbol does not appear in the Night Free Games Feature . When the Night Free Games are completed, the main game will return to Day Mode . Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.50%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/12/2023