Extreme Fruits Ultimate 5-reel 20-line slot To play the game: On the entry screen, press CONTINUE to start the game. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press SPIN to spin the reels with the current bet. If you want to stop the reels early, press STOP . In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press I . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Wins can only form on active paylines. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Expanding Wild symbol : Extreme Fruits Ultimate has an expanding wild barrel symbol which substitutes for all symbols except the scatter symbol. The Wild barrel can only appear on reels 2, 3 & 4. Once in view on the reels the Wild barrel will explode, expanding to fill the reel, turning existing symbols into Wilds. Scatter Symbol: If 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in view on reels 1 to 5 (One scatter symbol per reel) then you are awarded a prize. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.00%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020