Gold Rally 9-Reel 8-Line Slots The objective of Gold Rally™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP button. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game or resumes the Autoplay mode. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. Paylines in this game pay either left to right, diagonally, or from top to bottom. Paylines 1 through 3 pay left to right. Payline 4 pays from the top left corner to the bottom right corner. Payline 5 pays from the bottom left corner to the top right corner. Paylines 6 through 8 pay from the top of the reels to the bottom. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. SCATTER SYMBOL The Weighing Scale is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 5 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. BONUS ROUND Dynamite symbols simultaneously appearing in all 4 corners of the reels trigger the Bonus Round feature. Click CLICK TO START button to begin the feature. The Bonus Round feature is played in the mine tunnel. Click on stacks of dynamite to reveal cash prizes. The number of picks that can be made per round is randomly 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. There are 6 stacks of dynamite to pick, and each hides a cash prize. After the bonus round has been completed, there is a result board which displays the winnings. The Total Win field shows the Feature Win only. Clicking Continue on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game or resumes the Autoplay mode. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT A certain percentage of every bet you make goes to the progressive jackpot pool. You win the jackpot if you get 9 Scatter symbols on the screen, while playing for the maximum bet. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): 37 500 × coin size Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 2.28% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Nine scale symbols. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play for max bet. Jackpot Fund The progressive jackpot fund is composed of two parts - the seed and the progressive pot. The jackpot fund begins at the seed value, which is the guaranteed minimum amount of prize money contributed by the Casinos. This ensures that even if you get a jackpot result in the game right after someone else has won the jackpot, you will still get a large win. The rest of the jackpot amount comes from a progressive share, which is accumulated over time based on the bets that are made within the game. A small amount of money is added into the progressive pot for each bet that is made in the game by the players, in each of the Casinos offering it, equal to a percentage of that bet (called the contribution rate). Please note: The mechanics of the game prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. If two players win the jackpot in close succession, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive pot, and the second player will win the seed together with any possible progressive share that has accumulated between the two wins. In some games you have to make a specific bet to be eligible for the Jackpot. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. If you wish to check the results of old games, or find additional details about recent games, you can do so via the desktop version of the Casino. Use your regular username and password to log in to the desktop version. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.71% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.70%. Both include Jackpot Contribution of 2.28%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020