Blazing Bells 6-Reel, 46, 656-Ways Slot To Play The Game: Press PLAY on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DO NOT SHOW THIS NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. This game is played with 46, 656 Ways to Win . The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Press – or + to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coin value is the total bet divided by 40. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put the cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the I button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons or page indicators. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press BACK . About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the menu. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 All Ways Feature: There are 46, 656 possible winning combinations in this All Ways game. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols appearing in any position on each consecutive reel. BONUS symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the BONUS symbol can be found in the relevant section below. Wild Symbol: The diamond is the WILD symbol in this game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the BONUS symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. BONUS SYMBOL The golden star is the BONUS symbol in the game. When 3 or more BONUS symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Collapsing Reels: Any win triggers the collapsing reels feature. Winning symbols disappear after they pay out, causing non-winning symbols above them to drop and new symbols to fall from above. Each collapse causes the win multiplier to increase by 1. The reels will continue to collapse until no new winning combinations are formed. If the win multiplier in the main game is higher than ×1 when triggering Free Games, the multiplier value starts at this value in Free Games . Win Multiplier:> All payouts are multiplied by the win multiplier. The win multiplier starts at ×1. The win multiplier increases by 1 every time the Collapsing Reels feature is triggered. The win multiplier can increase indefinitely. The win multiplier reverts to x1 when no new wins are formed in the main game. Ways Plus™: Special symbols expand vertically and horizontally to 4 adjacent positions if they can create or improve a win. Special symbols are highlighted by a yellow splash with a moving circle. Any symbol except WILD and BONUS can appear as a special symbol. Only 1 symbol type per spin can appear as a special symbol. Free Games: 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere during the main game trigger Free Games . During Free Games , the win multiplier does not reset. 3 BONUS symbols award 6 free games 4 BONUS symbols award 8 free games 5 BONUS symbols award 12 free games 6 or more BONUS symbols award 20 free games Free Games cannot be retriggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.37%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 6/16/2020