Time for a Deal 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Time for a Deal™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click PLAY on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Big Deal Bonus , Free Games feature or Reel or Deal feature is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The game’s logo is the WILD symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the BONUS SCATTER symbol and FREE GAMES SCATTER symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. WILD symbols can also form a win themselves if there are 3 or more of them next to each other on a win line (starting from the left). If a WILD symbol forms more than one win on a single win line, then it will only be counted for the win that pays the most. If the wins are the same value, then it will count as a WILD symbol win. SCATTER SYMBOLS There are 2 types of SCATTER symbols in Time for a Deal™. The BONUS SCATTER symbol only appears on reels #1, #3, and #5. When it appears simultaneously on these reels during the main game, the Big Deal Bonus is triggered. More information on the Big Deal Bonus can be found below. The FREE GAMES SCATTER symbol only appears on reels #2, #4, and #5. When it appears simultaneously on these reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. REEL OR DEAL BONUS The host, Roger, can randomly offer you a Reel or Deal bonus during any regular spin. 2 random reels will be hidden before they stop. There will always be a win on the reels when this occurs. Roger will offer you a choice of a cash prize or the win on the reels. Make your choice using the buttons below the reels. When you have made your decision, Roger may either increase his offer or reveal one of the hidden reels. If he does so, you will be allowed to choose again. Roger may also accept your decision right away. When Roger has accepted your decision, all of the hidden reels will be revealed. You will be awarded either Roger's cash prize or the win on the reels depending on your final choice. FREE GAMES The Free Games feature is triggered by 3 FREE GAMES SCATTER symbols landing on reels #2, #4 and #5 simultaneously. Free games are played at the same line bet and total bet that started the free spins. On entering free games, you will be prompted to pick the number of free games you will play from 5 hidden symbols on the reels. After you have picked this, you will then also pick a win multiplier and a WILD symbol. All wins during free games will be multiplied by your win multiplier. The WILD symbol you picked will change all symbols of that type to act like a normal WILD symbol. See above for more information. Once all free games have finished, you may be offered a deal. There are 2 types of deals that could occur after free games: You may be offered to collect your win amount by clicking the COLLECT button or click REPLAY to replay free games only once with the same modifiers selected. You may be offered to collect your win amount by clciking the COLLECT button or choose a MYSTERY PRIZE and win a mystery amount of money that will be awarded by Roger. Once the Free Games feature has ended, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. THE BIG DEAL BONUS The Big Deal bonus is triggered by getting BONUS SCATTER symbols on reels #1, #3 and #5. Roger will present you with 3 doors to choose from. Behind 1 door is a gold coin. Behind the other 2 doors are silver coins. When the doors close, these coins are randomly shuffled. When you have picked a door, Roger will reveal 1 of the silver coins behind a door you have not picked, this door will then be removed. You will then have the opportunity to either pick the same door as previously selected, or to pick the other remaining door. When you have made your final selection, your coin will be revealed and you will be taken to the Big Deal Slot Machine. If you found the gold coin, you will play on 5 reels of the Big Deal Slot Machine. If you found a silver coin, you will play on 3 reels of the Big Deal Slot Machine. To spin the reels on the Big Deal Slot Machine, click the blinking lever on the right side of the Big Deal Slot Machine. The reels on the Big Deal Slot Machine contain multiplier values. You will be awarded a cash prize for each reel, which will be your total bet multiplied by the multiplier value that lands. Roger may offer you an additional reel multiplier on one of the reels. He may also grant you a respin on one of the reels to increase your winnings. Some multiplier values on the reels have a gold coin behind them. If 3 gold coins land, you will win the progressive jackpot in addition to your bonus winnings. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT Line up 3 Multiplier Symbols with a golden star behind them on the Big Bonus Slot payline to win the progressive jackpot. The higher the stake when entering the bonus round, the higher the chance of winning the progressive jackpot. A percentage of all bets placed is put towards the jackpot balance and into a reseed fund. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): €10,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 1.09% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): 3 multiplier symbols with a golden star on the Big Deal Bonus slot payline. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play the Big Deal Bonus. When the Jackpot is won, it is reset to the balance stored in the reseed fund. Bets placed when the Jackpot has been won and a reduced balance is available will be voided. Due to communication delays two players may nevertheless appear to win the Jackpot simultaneously. In this case the first payout will be for the full jackpot value, whilst the second player will receive the reseed value. In the event of a communication error after a progressive win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. In the event of the jackpot being won, other players playing the game simultaneously will be informed of the new jackpot value and offered the option to void the present bet. This is only relevant if the jackpot display on the other players’ games has not been updated to the new value yet. Whilst the game is live the jackpot can only be terminated if the value of the jackpot is zero. If the game is removed the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot or retained by the operator. Please note: If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 83.72% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.00% that includes Jackpot Contribution of 1.09%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020