Mega Fire Blaze Legacy of the Tiger 5-reel 50-line slot To play the game: The entry screen displays the game’s features. Press the START button to start the game. Press - or + next to TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the fast-forward button to activate TURBO MODE , making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the TURBO MODE session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Clicking ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet divided by 50. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the button with 2 revolving arrows and use the slider to select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until either the Mega Fire Blaze Feature or Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the I button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet except scatter which pays in total bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The tiger symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except SCATTER and Moon (cash) symbols. Scatter Symbol: The female symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol appears on all reels during the main game. During the Free Games feature the SCATTER symbols appear on all reels, except reel 3. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger the Free Games . Free Games: 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 8 Free Games . During the Free Games , 3 or more SCATTER symbols landing on the reels will award 8 additional free spins. The third reel marked with a special frame during the Free Games feature. It contains Wild and Moon symbols only, for a bigger chance to win and to trigger the Mega Fire Blaze Jackpot . Fire Blaze Respin Feature: When 6 or more Moon symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. Each Moon symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize or a Jackpot Star icon. Any Moon symbol that triggered the feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, lock in position during the feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is 1 or more new Moon symbol, it will lock in place, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. Every additional row is unlocked by collecting 2 Moon symbols with a key. The values of any locked Moon symbols on the 7th row are multiplied by x2, except Jackpot Star icons. The values of any locked Moon symbols on the 8th row are multiplied by x5, except Jackpot Star icons. All locked Moon symbols on the 9th row are transformed to Jackpot Star icons. All prizes are awarded once after all respins have been completed. Jackpot: There are 4 types of jackpots that can be won: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI. Any held Jackpot Star icon will transform to award the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR or MINI prize. These prizes can be won multiple times in each Fire Blaze Respin Feature session. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.59%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/10/2020