Nostradamus 5-Reel with All-Ways Feature The objective of Nostradamus is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen so that you can be directed to the main game reels. This game is always played with 243 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 25 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons below TOTAL BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Click the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the Coin Value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable . The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times allowing for 243 Ways to Win on every spin. 3 or more adjacent symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols in any position on each consecutive reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on SCATTER symbols can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except for the SCATTER symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 5 WILD symbols on adjacent reels, as seen in the Paytable. SCATTER SYMBOL There are 2 SCATTER symbols in the game: the BONUS symbol and the FREE SPINS symbol. The BONUS symbols trigger the Planets Bonus when appearing on reels #1, #3 and #5 simultaneously. More information on the Planets Bonus can be found below. 3, 4 or 5 FREE SPINS symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on the reels trigger the FREE SPINS bonus. More information on the FREE SPINS bonus round can be found below. Note : SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. NOSTRADAMUS PREDICTIONS Nostradamus Predictions are mystery in-reel features that can be triggered on any main game spin. Whilst the reels are spinning, a scroll will unroll. The scroll will reveal 1 of 3 Nostradamus Predictions , which will effect the spin: A random multiplier that will be applied to any winnings from the spin. The spin will result in a Big Win. 1 of 3 Reel Modifiers will effect the spin: Earthquake: The Earthquake Reel Modifier symbol will appear in the centre position of reel #3. The Earthquake Reel Modifier symbol substitutes for all other symbols except for any SCATTER symbols. When the reels stop spinning, random symbols will fall away from the reels replaced by enhanced symbols. Lightning: The Lightning Reel Modifier symbol will appear in the centre position of reel #3. The Lightning Reel Modifier symbol substitutes for all other symbols except for any SCATTER symbols. When the reels stop spinning, lightning will strike up to 4 symbols turning them into WILD symbols. Tsunami: The Tsunami Reel Modifier symbol will appear in the centre position of reel #3. The Tsunami Reel Modifier symbol substitutes for all other symbols except for any SCATTER symbols. After the reels stop spinning, #1 to #3 reels will be filled with stacked WILD symbols. Note: Nostradamus Predictions do not occur in free spins. FREE SPINS BONUS The FREE SPINS bonus is triggered by getting 3, 4 or 5 FREE SPINS symbols anywhere on the reels. To begin the FREE SPINS round, click the Play button. When the game enters the bonus round, you will see 3 Reel Modifier symbols. Depending on how many FREE SPINS symbols were displayed on the reels to get to the bonus game, you may select 1, 2 or all 3 (selected by default) Reel Modifier symbols. To select 1 Reel Modifier symbol, simply click on any Reel Modifier symbol in the window. You may only select each Reel Modifier symbol once. After you select it, the bonus game will start automatically. To select 2 Reel Modifier symbols, simply click on any Reel Modifier symbol in the window. You can click on currently selected Reel Modifier symbol to cancel selection of this symbol. The bonus game will start after 2 Reel Modifier symbols are selected. The more FREE SPINS symbols that have triggered the bonus round, the higher the number of free spins and Reel Modifier symbols that you win. The total numbers of free spins are the following: Number of FREE SPINS symbols that have triggered the bonus round Number of free spins and Reel Modifier symbols 3 5 Free Spins with 1 Reel Modifier symbol 4 10 Free Spins with 2 Reel Modifier symbols 5 15 Free Spins with all 3 Reel Modifier symbols During the Free Spins, the reels are spun automatically. Winnings are based on the same Total Bet as on the spin that won the Free Spins round. The number of free spins that you have won is displayed above the reels. The Free Spins Total field to the upper right of the game window displays winnings. After all Free Spins have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Spins), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free spins) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Notes: In the case of a Game win being absent, a winnings summary screen will show only Total win . If the Free Spins feature is triggered during the Autoplay mode, the Autoplay mode will resume after the feature has been completed unless the UNTIL FEATURE option was selected. PLANETS BONUS The BONUS symbol triggers the Planets Bonus when appearing on reels #1, #3 and #5 simultaneously. Clicking PLAY button begins the Planets Bonus , transitioning the reels to the bonus screen. The bonus screen shows the Sun, 6 planets around the Sun on circles of orbit, and a win line. Each of the 6 planets has a multiplier next to it. When the bonus begins, the planets will spin around the Sun. The planets will eventually stop. If a planet lands on the win line, the Total Bet of the triggering spin will be multiplied by the planet's multiplier and awarded. After planet stops on the win line, the Total Win field shows the accumulated award you have won. Planets that do not land on the win line award nothing. When all the planets have stopped spinning and all prizes have been awarded, the bonus will end and you will be shown a summary of your winnings. Clicking OK button on the board will return you to the main game. Note: If the Planets Bonus is triggered during the Autoplay mode, the Autoplay mode will resume after the feature has been completed unless the UNTIL FEATURE option was selected. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.07% and the minimum is 94.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020