The Riches of Don Quixote 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of The Riches of Don Quixote™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the La Mancha Free Games feature is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL A windmill is the WILD symbol in this game. The WILD symbol appears both during the main game and the La Mancha Free Games and can stand for any other symbol except SCATTER to make the best possible winning combination. More information on the La Mancha Free Games feature can be found below. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL A book is the SCATTER symbol in this game. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline and appear both during the main game and the La Mancha Free Games round. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger 10 La Mancha Free Games. More information on the La Mancha Free Games feature can be found below. STACKED SYMBOLS Six of the symbols (Helmet, Shield and all four Royals) are stacked in this game, which means that each symbol occupies 2 reel positions vertically. Each covered position participating in a winning combination pays according to the payout of the respective stacked symbol. LA MANCHA FREE GAMES 10 La Mancha Free Games with an increasing multiplier and a frozen EXTRA WILD are triggered if 3 SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on reels. To start the Free Games, click the PLAY button. The Free Games start with the initial multiplier of x2, and after every two completed spins, the value of the multiplier increases by one. For example, the 1st and 2nd Free Games spins will apply the initial multiplier of x2 to any possible winnings from them, the 3rd and 4th – x3, and so on. A windmill is the EXTRA WILD symbol in the Free Games. It occupies the middle position on reel 3 during all Free Games and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels during the Free Games, only a payout is won but no Free Games are retriggered. Free Game wins are added to the payline and SCATTER wins of the main game. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games. Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Total Win shows the accumulated winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020