Ascot Sporting Legends 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Ascot: Sporting Legends™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the game. You can also click on Don’t show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your total bet by clicking the '–' or '+' buttons below TOTAL BET . Choose your paylines by clicking the '–' or '+' buttons below LINES . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped, and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. The triggered feature starts automatically. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed by the INFO button or via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. Line bet = Total bet / Number of lines. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols must be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS There are 3 different WILD symbols in the game: a bronze, silver and gold trophy cup. Each trophy cup represents a feature it triggers: The bronze trophy cup is the regular WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols, except SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The silver trophy cup expands to cover the entire reel for the chance of extra wins, and like the bronze WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER symbols. The gold trophy cup expands and multiplies all win combinations from the game round, and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER symbols. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Note: only one type of WILD symbol can land on a single reel. SCATTER SYMBOL When 3 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 during a main game spin, the HIGH SOCIETY FREE GAMES feature is triggered. HIGH SOCIETY FREE GAMES After the feature is triggered, you will then be presented with a screen showing 3 ladies holding Ascot tickets. Select a lady by clicking on her to win either 10, 15 or 20 free games. During the Free Games feature, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The WIN field below the reels shows the accumulated winnings from the current spin. The total win for the Free Games round is displayed in the FREE GAMES WIN field below the reels. The number of Free Games remaining is displayed above the reels. More free games can be retriggered indefinitely during the HIGH SOCIETY FREE GAMES . Whenever 2 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land on reels 1, 3 or 5, additional 4 free games are awarded. Whenever 3 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land on reels 1, 3 and 5, additional 15 free games are awarded. At the end of the round, a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE or anywhere on the screen to return to the main game reels. Daily Jackpot, Weekly Jackpot and Mega Jackpot The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. The central ticker shows the value of the Mega Jackpot. The Weekly Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Weekly Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. Any bet of any size can win the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot or the Mega Jackpot, but the larger a bet is the more likely it is to trigger 1 of these jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 2% of each bet placed. 84.5% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 15.5% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The seed pot funds the Daily Jackpot seed, the Weekly Jackpot seed and the Mega Jackpot seed. (The seed is the amount of money a jackpot begins with.) As the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot and the Mega Jackpot are funded by the operator, these jackpots do not affect the RTP of the game. If the current Daily Jackpot is won before 9:00 p.m. GMT (BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker. If the current Weekly Jackpot is won before 12:00 p.m. GMT on Saturday (12:00 p.m. BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Weekly Jackpot ticker. Note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. If no game play takes place at the time at which a jackpot must be won (either the Daily Jackpot or the Weekly Jackpot), then that jackpot will be triggered by the first bet placed the following day. Game malfunctions void all payouts. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info Page: Clicking the info button INFO opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows beneath the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: INFO - Open the Info screen that describes the different game components. Lines - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines by clicking the + or − buttons. Total Bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Autoplay / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reel spin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching on Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by skipping some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.95%, that includes Jackpot Contribution of 1.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020