Age of the Gods Prince of Olympus 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Age of the Gods™ Prince of Olympus is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. You can choose paylines and line bet on the Bet Options panel below the reels. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch on or off the Turbo Mode. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Hydra Bonus or Free Games are triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Hercules symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except for the SCATTER and BONUS symbols) to make the best possible winning combination on a winning payline. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 an 4. The WILD symbol can trigger the Herculean Strength feature when it lands in the center position of reel 3, or when WILD symbols land on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously. SCATTER SYMBOL The Game Logo is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, 10 Free Games with a x3 multiplier are triggered. BONUS SYMBOL The Multi-headed Hydra is the BONUS symbol in the game. BONUS symbols appearing on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously trigger the Hydra Bonus round. HERCULEAN STRENGTH FEATURE The Herculean Strength feature is triggered whenever a WILD symbol appears in the center of reel 3, or on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously. When WILD symbol lands in the center position of reel 3, it expands to fill the whole reel and locks for 2 re-spins after all winnings are paid. When WILD symbols land on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously, they expand to fill the entirety of all 3 reels and lock for 1 re-spin after all winnings are paid. After a Herculean Strength feature is played, a screen appears showing the total win for the feature. The Hydra Bonus can be won during the Herculean Strength feature. Neither Free Games, nor either Herculean Strength feature can be triggered during a Herculean Strength feature. If the Hydra Bonus and the Herculean Strength feature are triggered simultaneously, the Hydra Bonus will be played before the Herculean Strength feature. HYDRA BONUS BONUS symbols landing on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously trigger the Hydra Bonus. To start the Bonus round click the PLAY button. 7 Hydra heads appear on the bonus screen. Clicking a Hydra head causes Hercules to shoot it with his arrow, revealing a cash prize. 3 Hydra Heads can be clicked at this stage of the bonus to reveal 3 cash prizes. 3 more Hydra heads then appear. Clicking a Hydra head causes Hercules to shoot an arrow at it, revealing a multiplier. The multiplier will then be applied to the sum of the revealed cash prizes and then awarded. After the Hydra Bonus is played, a screen displaying the prize won appears. The Cash field shows the prize won during the Bonus round, the Multiplier field shows the multiplier and the Total win field shows the total winnings for the Bonus round. Clicking CONTINUE takes you back to the main game. HERCULES RAGE FEATURE Hercules Rage feature can be triggered randomly during the Hydra Bonus round after you choose the 3rd Hydra head. During the feature Hercules shoots a special powerful arrow, causing the rest of Hydra heads to explode. You are then awarded the cash prizes for all 7 heads. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any reel position during the main game trigger 10 Free Games with a x3 multiplier. To start the Free Games round click PLAY button. A screen appears showing the number of the Free Games won and the multiplier. Clicking CONTINUE begins the Free Games round. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After each spin, the win is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that won the free games. Feature win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Total win shows the aggregate winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking the SPIN button stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. 3 or more SCATTER symbols during the Free Games award extra Free Games. The Herculean Strength feature can be triggered during the Free Games round, unlike the Hydra Bonus. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Power: €50 Extra Power: €500 Super Power: €5,000 Ultimate Power: €100,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Clicking on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 second). If the player fails to find three matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Bet / Line + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Spin – Spin the reels. Auto Play / Stop – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.83% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 94.82%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020