Tiger Stacks 5-reel 30-line slot Tiger Stacks™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 30-line slot game with a Free Games Feature and Tiger Jackpot Feature. The objective of the Tiger Stacks™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 30x coin value. On the entry screen, press the Start button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter triggers can form from symbols in any position, from left to right. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Line wins will equal your coin value multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is how much you want to spend on each line in the game. Line win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable multiplied by the coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Yinyang . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position on reels 1-3, starting from the leftmost reel, trigger the Free Games Feature . Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. At the start of the Free Games Feature the player can select one of the available options. The selection will determine which symbols will become Wild symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during the free games. The possible options are: 20 free games where all White Tiger symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 transform into Wild symbols. 10 free games where all Orange Tiger and White Tiger symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 transform into Wild symbols. Locked until 3 free games features have been triggered - 5 free games where all Black Tiger , Orange Tiger and White Tiger symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 transform into Wild symbols. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Free games can be triggered again during the free games. After the last free game has finished a message will appear informing you of your total winnings. Press Continue button to return to the main game. Jackpot Feature: During the base game, if any Tiger symbols cover all 6 symbol positions on reel 1 and reel 2, the player has a chance to win a Jackpot. To win a Jackpot, one of the following must then occur: To win the MINOR (MINOR Jackpot value = coin value x 500) Jackpot, Black Tiger , Orange Tiger or White Tiger symbols must cover all symbol positions on reel 3. To win the MAJOR (MAJOR Jackpot value = coin value x 2000) Jackpot, Black Tiger , Orange Tiger or White Tiger symbols must cover all symbol positions on reels 3 and 4. To win the GRAND (GRAND Jackpot value = coin value x 50 000) Jackpot, Black Tiger , Orange Tiger or White Tiger symbols must cover all symbol positions on reels 3, 4 and 5. Only one Jackpot can be awarded per game. The Wild symbols do not substitute for any Tiger symbols when evaluating the Tiger Jackpots. The Tiger Jackpots cannot be won during the free games. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.52%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020