Wild Wishes 5-Reel 15-Line Slots The objective of Wild Wishes is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen so that you can be directed to the main game reels. This game is played with a fixed number of 15 active paylines in the main game and 40 active paylines in Free Games. In the main game the total bet per game round = line bet × 15. Choose your total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons below TOTAL BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The Genie symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. In the main game the WILD symbol is stacked and appears on reels #2, #3 and #4. In Free Games the WILD symbol appears on all 5 reels both as a single symbol and stacked. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). FEATURE BET The Feature Bet can be enabled by clicking the FEATURE BET button during the main reel game. Activating the Feature Bet mode will increase the total bet placed by 10 coins for every 15 coins bet and light up the leftmost lamp above the reels. The leftmost lamp will always be lit if the Feature Bet is active, meaning only 3 consecutive wins are required to trigger Free Games. The Feature Bet mode cannot be turned on or off during Free Games. The Feature Bet mode cannot be turned on or off during a spin. Activating the Feature Bet mode does not change the payouts of winning combinations. COLLECTING LAMPS Any winning spin in the main game will trigger the Collecting Lamps feature. There are 5 lamps in a row above the reels. When the game starts all 5 lamps will be dulled out. When a win lands, it will count up in the win ticker. After the total win has been displayed, the leftmost lamp will spin and illuminate. The reels will then automatically be re-spun for free. Any win on the re-spin will count up in the win ticker and illuminate the second lamp, awarding another re-spin. 4 consecutive wins result in 4 lighting lamps and trigger 7 Free Games. 5 consecutive wins result in 5 lighting lamps and randomly trigger 8, 10, 15, 20, 30 or 50 Free Games. When the fifth lamp spins and illuminates, the question mark above it turns to a number of Free Spins awarded. If the Feature Bet is active, only 3 consecutive wins are required to trigger 7 Free Games and only 4 consecutive wins are required to trigger random number of Free Games (8, 10, 15, 20, 30 or 50). If a re-spin does not result in a win, any illuminated lamps will turn back around and be dulled out again. All winnings from the original spin and any re-spins will then be awarded. FREE GAMES WITH MAGIC LAMP FEATURE Free Games are triggered by lighting 4 or 5 lamps in the main game. Clicking the PLAY button on the screen shows a window with the number of Free Games won. Clicking CONTINUE begins the Free Games round. The row of lamps above the reels will rise to reveal a new row of symbols. During Free Games, the new row of symbols can form wins using 25 extra paylines. During every Free Games spin a cloud of smoke will appear from the magic lamp in the lower-right of the screen. The smoke will cover several positions on the reels. If a WILD symbol lands in any position covered by the smoke, every reel position in the smoke will be turned into a WILD symbol. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. After the last free game has finished a message will appear informing you of your total winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. When Free Games end the row of lamps will descend and the main game will resume with 15 paylines and 3 rows of symbols. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.12%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020