Wolves Wolves Wolves 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of WOLVES! WOLVES! WOLVES!™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME The number of active paylines during the main game is fixed (40) and cannot be changed. The number of active paylines during the Mystic Totem feature can rise to 100. Line bet = total bet / 40 during the main game and during the Mystic Totem feature. During both the main game and the Mystic Totem feature, the total bet per game round = line bet × 40. Choose the total bet value by clicking '−' or '+' below BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into the STOP button. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button and then click on an Autoplay option to start Autoplay mode. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into a smaller STOP button. Click this smaller STOP button to stop Autoplay mode. From the Autoplay options select the number of spins to be played automatically. The feature starts and ends automatically. When the feature is triggered, the STOP button will change into the SKIP button. Clicking the SKIP button will skip the new row animation and instantly add the next row. Once the feature is over, the SKIP button will change back to the SPIN button and Autoplay mode will resume (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the i-button or the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed by the i-button or via the Menu. During the main game, line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. During the main game and the feature round, the line bet is always total bet / 40. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols can stand for any other symbols to make the best possible winning combinations. STACKED SYMBOL The wolf symbol appears in stacks 2 to 5 symbols high on the reels during the main game and the Mystic Totem feature. Each reel position covered by a stacked symbol that participates in a winning combination pays according to the paytable. MYSTIC TOTEM FEATURE The MYSTIC TOTEM FEATURE is a mystery on-reel feature that can be triggered on any main game spin and takes place over 1-3 spins. During the feature, the reels can expand up to 9 rows high. Each new row awards 10 extra paylines. Once the reels have expanded on the spin that triggered the feature, they may continue to expand on the next 1-2 subsequent spins. The reels may expand to a maximum of 9 rows with 100 paylines. When the feature ends, the reels will return to their original size on the next spin. On every spin during this feature, random WILD symbols may also fall onto the reels. If a WILD symbol falls onto the reels it will expand to fill the entire reel. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Info page: Clicking the i button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the bottom of the Info screen enables navigation between the different Info screens. Clicking the BACK TO GAME exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: i - Open the Info screen that describes the different game components. Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the total bet. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the gameplay by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Clicking the BACK TO GAME exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.08%. Last modification date: 11/23/2021