Kingdoms Rise Legend of Elvenstone 5-reel, 10-line slot To play the game: Kingdoms Rise™: Legend of Elvenstone™ is a 5-reel, 3-row slot game with an on-reels Wild Drop Feature and a Dragon Bonus . The number of active paylines is permanently set at 10. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Drop Symbol: The Wild Drop symbol can appear on top of any symbol position. When the Wild Drop symbol appears on top of any symbol, it will substitute for all symbols except the Dragon symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. If a Wild Drop symbol appears on top of a Dragon symbol, that Dragon symbol can still contribute to a Dragon Bonus trigger. Dragon Symbol: The Dragon symbol appears on reel 1 and 5 only. When 4 or more symbol positions on reel 1 and 5 are occupied by Dragon symbols, the Dragon Bonus is triggered. Dragon Eye Symbol: The Dragon Eye symbol only appears during the Dragon Bonus . Wild Drop Feature: During any spin, Wild Drop symbols may appear and land on any reels - either above the reel or on the middle or bottom row. Once landed, each Wild Drop symbol will move down 1 row on the next spin until it drops off the bottom row. Wild Drop symbols that land above the reel will move down to the top row on the next spin. The Wild Drop symbol can appear over any symbol position. When the Wild Drop symbol appears on top of any symbol, it will substitute for all symbols except the Dragon symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. If a Wild Drop symbol appears over a Dragon symbol, that Dragon symbol can still contribute to a feature trigger. If a Wild Drop symbol appears over a Man symbol, the Wild Drop will move to the top row on its reel on the next spin. If a Wild Drop symbol appears over a Woman symbol, the Wild Drop symbol will stay in position as the reel spins under it. A '2' multiplier will appear on the Wild Drop symbol. This multiplier will be applied to any line win the Wild Drop participates in. If a Wild Drop symbol appears on top of a Woman symbol and already has a multiplier, the multiplier value will increase by 1. If more than 1 Wild Drop symbol with a multiplier appears on a winning line, the highest multiplier value on the line will be applied to the win (maximum multiplier is 20x). If a Wild Drop symbol appears on top of a Rock Man symbol, the Wild Drop symbol will stay in position as the reel spins under it. A new Wild Drop symbol will appear and move to right one reel. If the Wild Drop symbol on top of the Rock Man symbol is on the 5th reel, the new Wild Drop symbol will appear and move left one reel. If a Wild Drop symbol with a multiplier appears on top of a Rock Man symbol, the new Wild Drop symbol generated will not have any multiplier. If a Wild Drop symbol moves to a position already occupied by a Wild Drop symbol, they will combine into one Wild Drop symbol with a multiplier. The new multiplier will be equal to the sum of the multipliers of the 2 Wild Drop symbols that were combined. The location and multiplier values of Wild Drop symbols on-screen depends on the current bet. If the bet is changed, the Wild Drop symbols will change as well. Dragon Bonus: When 4 or more symbol positions on reel 1 and 5 are occupied by Dragon symbols, the Dragon Bonus is triggered. 3 respins are awarded. For each respin, the 9 symbol positions on reels 2, 3 and 4 spin independently. Reels 1 and 5 do not spin. If a Dragon Eye symbol lands, it will transform into a coin with a value of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x or 10x total bet. The symbol will be held in place for the remaining respins. The number of respins will be reset to 3. After each respin, when one or more Dragon Eye symbol lands, all revealed coin prizes on-screen, including those from previous respins, will be added to the tally meter. If all 9 symbols positions are filled with coin prizes, all the coin prizes will be added to the tally twice. When all respins are used or when all 9 symbol positions are held, the tally value will be awarded and the feature will end. During the Dragon Bonus the Wild Drop symbols do not apply to any win. The Dragon Bonus can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Pending Game Tokens are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop after reaching the release limit. Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance and the release limit are shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are subject to expiration. Unless stated differently by the Casino operator, all Tokens will expire after 6 months of inactivity from the last time you played Kingdoms Rise™ games. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Each feature is unique to a specific game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relate to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. Dragon Bonus Shop Options The Dragon Bonus feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. The shop options are: 2,000 tokens awards a Dragon Bonus with a standard prize pool. 4,000 tokens awards a Dragon Bonus with the prize pool doubled. Each held coin can award 2x, 4x, 6x, 10x, 16x or 20x total bet. Wild Drop Free Games The Wild Drop Free Games feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. The feature awards a fixed number of free games and a fixed number of initial Wild Drop symbols with a chance of being awarded additional Wild Drop symbols per spin. The number of free games depends on the token costs: 800 tokens awards 6 Free Games with 1 initial Wild Drop symbol. 1,600 tokens awards 8 Free Games with 2 initial Wild Drop symbols. The Dragon Bonus cannot be triggered during the Wild Drop Free Games . The Wild Drop Free Games cannot be retriggered during the Wild Drop Free Games . Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without using Game Tokens is 92.85%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 3.00%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 96.4%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020