Buffalo Blitz II Buffalo Blitz II™ 6-Reel 4096-way Slot To Play the Game: Press PLAY on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. Press – or + to choose the coin value. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Pressing STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 2 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is the total bet / 50. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put the cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press ← . About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Wild Symbol The WILD symbol in the game is the diamond symbol. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbols can randomly multiply wins by x2, x3 or x5 during the main game and Ways Boost™ Free Games feature. In a winning main game or Free Games spin, if more than 1 WILD symbol forms a win, the multiplier values are added up and not multiplied by each other (e.g. 2+3=5 and not 2×3=6). Scatter Symbol The FREE GAMES symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. 3 to 6 SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere simultaneously on the reels trigger the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature. If 2 to 6 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere simultaneously on the reels during the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature, extra free games are awarded. The maximum number of free games you can trigger and retrigger is 1000. More information on the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature can be found below. All Ways There are 4096-Ways-to-Win in the main game and 14,400 Ways-to-Win during the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature. Any winning combinations of symbols on adjacent reels from left to right must start from the leftmost reel, and will pay regardless of the symbol position on the reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbol can be found in the relevant section below. Ways Boost™ Free Games Whenever 3 to 6 SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature is triggered. The more SCATTER symbols that trigger the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature, the more free games you win: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 15 free games 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games 6 SCATTER symbols trigger 100 free games Press the CLICK TO START button to begin the feature when it is triggered. When Ways Boost™ Free Games begin, the reels expand to a 4-5-6-6-5-4 grid. Additional free games can be awarded when 2 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the Ways Boost™ Free Games feature: 2 SCATTER symbols trigger 5 additional free games 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 additional free games 4 SCATTER symbols trigger additional 15 free games 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 additional free games 6 SCATTER symbols trigger 100 additional free games The maximum number of free games you can trigger and retrigger is 1000. After all free games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows the free games win. Press the CONTINUE button to return to the main game. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.46%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 8/14/2024