Batman and Mr. Freeze Fortune The objective of Batman™ & Mr. Freeze™ Fortune is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. There are 1024 Ways to Win on the reels in the main game. There are 2400 Ways to Win on the reels in Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games. The number of Ways to Win is fixed for the main game, re-spins and Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games. Your total bet per game round is the coin value × 50. Choose total bet value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO page. The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times, allowing for 1024 Ways to Win on spins during the main game, and 2400 Ways to Win in Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games . 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols in any positions on each consecutive reel. WILD SYMBOL The Bat WILD symbol is the WILD symbol in the main game. The Bat WILD symbol can substitute for any other symbol except BONUS symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There are no separate payouts for the Bat WILD symbols. BONUS SYMBOL If 3 or more BONUS symbols land anywhere on the reels on the same spin, Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games is triggered. BONUS symbols cannot land during a spin in which a Polar Prizes in-reel feature is triggered. BONUS symbols also cannot land during Wild Freeze Spins or during Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games . MAIN GAME Main reel spins are played with a fixed number of 1024 ways to win. Batman, Mr. Freeze and Robin symbols can appear as single symbols and as 2-, 3- or 4-high stacked symbols. Each reel is 4 symbols high. Reels #2, #3 and #4 are split in the middle for the Polar Prize Vault. POLAR PRIZES IN-REEL FEATURE At the end of any main game spin the Polar Prize Vault can open to reveal 1 of 4 Polar Prize. These features are described below: Multiplier Wild Every WILD symbol in the spin result gains a multiplier, which can be from 2X to 5X. The multiplier for a WILD applies to any wins the WILD participates in. Multiplier WILD symbols are multiplied together when participating in the same winning combination (for example: a win containing a 2X multiplier WILD and a 3X multiplier WILD will be multiplied by 6). Win Multiplier All wins on the reels are multiplied by the multiplier shown in the Polar Prize Vault. This multiplier can be between 1X – 10X. Mr. Freeze Symbol Transformation All instances of one type of symbol in the spin result are transformed into the Mr. Freeze symbol. Wild Mr. Freeze Spins The reels will re-spin until a win occurs. All WILD symbols that were on the reels during the triggering spin freeze and remain locked in position during the re-spins. Any new WILD symbols that land during the re-spins also freeze and lock in position. The Wild Mr. Freeze Spins feature can only trigger after a losing spin result. During Wild Mr. Freeze Spins the reels are spun automatically using the same coin value as placed on the spin that triggered the feature. BATMAN VS Mr. FREEZE FREE GAMES 3, 4, and 5 SCATTER symbols landing anywhere on the reels trigger 10, 12 or 15 Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games . Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games are played on a separate set of reels. There are 2400 Ways to Win on these reels, and all WILD symbols on these reels are multiplier WILD symbols. Each multiplier WILD has a multiplier value from X2 to X5. The multiplier for a WILD applies to any wins the multiplier WILD participates in. Multiplier WILD symbols are multiplied together when participating in the same winning combination (for example: a win containing a 2X multiplier WILD and a 3X multiplier WILD will be multiplied by 6). During Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games the reels are spun automatically using the same coin value as placed on the spin that triggered the feature. After each spin, the win for that spin is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games field shows the number of free games left. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. BONUS symbols cannot land during free games: Batman Vs Mr. Freeze Free Games cannot be re-triggered. After all free games have been completed a win summary appears showing the accumulated winnings from all free games. Click OK to return to the main game reels. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level mystery progressive jackpot that is linked to the DC Super Heroes series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the DC Super Heroes games is added to the progressive jackpot. The percentage of all bets placed is split between four jackpot levels, which are displayed in the upper part of the game screen, above the reels. Any level of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game, which can be triggered randomly after any main game spin in any of the DC Super Heroes series of games. It is not triggered by any symbol combination, and even a main game spin that does not result in a win can trigger the jackpot game. Triggering the jackpot game is possible at any bet size, but the chances increase or decrease proportionally with the size of the bet. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots: Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Grand Jackpot. The four different jackpot levels represent different prize amounts, with the Mini Jackpot awarding the smallest prize and the Grand Jackpot awarding the largest. The jackpot game screen features a selection grid with 20 hexagonal cells. Picking a cell reveals one of the four energy colours, each one corresponding to one of the four progressive jackpots: Green for Mini Jackpot, Blue for Minor Jackpot, Yellow for Major Jackpot and Red for Grand Jackpot. When a colour is revealed, it fills one of the energy balls under the relevant jackpot field. Each one of the jackpots requires a different number of energy balls filled in order to be won: 2 balls for Mini Jackpot, 3 balls for Minor Jackpot, 4 balls for Major Jackpot and 5 balls for Grand Jackpot. The player picks cells from the grid until the required number of balls in the same colour have been selected to win one of the jackpots. Once all matching balls have been collected, the corresponding jackpot level will be awarded. Clickping Continue ends the jackpot game and returns the player to the main game. The jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings from the triggering spin (if any) and are displayed in the Win field, together with any other winnings. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If a matching set of balls is not collected by the player before the set amount of time elapses, cells will be selected automatically and the corresponding jackpot will be awarded. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in Euros in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons : Info – Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Total Bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.04%, which includes the Jackpot contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020