Geisha Story 5-Reel 15-Line Slot The objective of Geisha Story™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Geisha’s Garden Bonus round is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on the reels, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. BONUS SYMBOL BONUS symbols can only appear on reels 1 and 5. When 2 BONUS symbols appear simultaneously in any position on these reels, the Geisha's Garden Bonus is triggered. GEISHA'S GARDEN BONUS 2 BONUS symbols appearing simultaneously in any position on reels 1 and 5 triggers the Geisha's Garden Bonus. To enter the Bonus feature press PLAY . You will then be presented with a screen showing 6 fans. Select a fan by clicking on it to win a number of free spins. Every selection awards between 4 and 20 free spins. Next you will be presented with a screen showing 6 more fans. Select a fan by clicking on it to determine the win multiplier that will be applied to all wins during the free spins round. Multipliers range from x2 to x10. The win multiplier is applied to each spin result separately. Click CONTINUE on the summary board to start the free spins. During the free spins, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that triggered the bonus feature. When 2 BONUS symbols land on reels 1 and 5 during a free spin, you win a random number of additional free spins with the same win multiplier. When the feature ends a win summary will appear, listing the total win from the feature. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.48%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020