Alohawaii: Collect Em 5-reel 30-line slot The objective of the Alohawaii: Collect Em™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $500.00. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and Collect Em™ winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Collect Em™ symbol, Cash Prize symbol, Diamond symbol and Free Games symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Collect Em™ Symbol: The symbol with the words "Collect Em" on it is the Collect Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect Em™ symbol can land on reel 5 only. Landing a Collect Em™ symbol on reel 5 will collect all Coin Prize symbols which landed on the reels on that spin. Coin Symbols: Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games symbols are Coin Prize symbols. Collect Em™ Feature: The Collect Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect Em™ symbol on reel 5 and at least one Coin Prize symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 Coin Prize symbols in the game: The symbol with a cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. The cash prizes correspond to the player's total bet. The symbol with the "+(number)" on it is the Free Games symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a Coin Prize symbol awards you with the cash prize, diamond or the displayed number of Free Games accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the Coin Prize symbols will reset. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Collect Em™ Diamond Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect Em™ symbol on reel 5 and a Diamond symbol anywhere on the reels triggers a Collect Em™ diamond prize. There are 4 types of diamond prizes that can be won: GRAND prize = total bet x 500; MAJOR prize = total bet x 200; MINOR prize = total bet x 50; MINI prize = total bet x 20. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times during the Prize Drop Feature . Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect Em™ symbol lands on reel 5 and 1 or more Free Games symbols lands anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Each Free Games symbol that lands awards the number of Free Games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games symbols land on the reels, the total number of Free Games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games symbol. During Free Games, the Collect Em™ Feature can be triggered as normal. When the Collect Em™ Feature is triggered in the Free Games, it will be followed by the Prize Drop Feature . During Free Games, additional Free Games can be awarded by simultaneously landing a Collect Em™ symbol on reel 5 and a Free Games symbol anywhere on the reels. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Prize Drop Feature: During Free Games, when the Collect Em™ Feature is triggered, it is followed by the Prize Drop Feature . Each Coin Prize symbol appearing in the Collect Em™ Feature will appear as a ball to be dropped in the Prize Drop Feature . Press the launch button to launch each Coin Prize ball, causing it to bounce down through a peg board. 3 of the pegs on the board will be randomly marked as Collect Em™ pegs. If a falling Coin Prize ball hits a Collect Em™ peg, that Coin Prize will be awarded again. Each falling Coin Prize ball can hit up to 3 Collect Em™ pegs per drop. A Collect Em™ peg can only award 1 prize per drop. When all Coin Prize balls have been dropped, the Prize Drop Feature ends, and the Free Games Feature resumes. Player's behaviour (e.g. the timing of the launch button press) cannot alter the outcome of the feature. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.88%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/30/2024