Frankie Dettori's Magic Seven Jackpot 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Frankie Dettori's™ Magic Seven Jackpot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. You can choose paylines and line bet on the Bet Options panel below the reels. Click '−' or '+' under the BET/ LINE to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch on or off the Turbo Mode. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Magic Seven Bonus or the Free Games Race round are triggered. Click on an option to start the Auto play function. During the Auto play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into STOP . Click the STOP button to stop Auto play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during main game trigger the Free Games Race. BONUS SYMBOL If the BONUS symbol appears on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously during main game, the Magic Seven Bonus is triggered. FREE GAMES RACE 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Games Race. The reels turn into a race track with 3 horses ready to race. Click SELECT to pick a horse and start the race. If your horse wins first place, you win 35 Free Games. If your horse wins second place, you win 15 Free Games. If your horse wins third place, you win 10 Free Games. At the end of the race, click CONTINUE to start the Free Games. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels during Free Games, only a payout is won but more Free Games are not triggered, nor is the Free Games race triggered during Free Games. Free Games wins are added to any payline and SCATTER wins that triggered the Free Games Race feature. MAGIC SEVEN BONUS BONUS symbols on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously during main game trigger the Magic Seven Bonus. In the Magic Seven Bonus, there are altogether 20 spots on the track for you to choose from. Every selection wins either a cash prize (from X1 to X5 times the total bet of the spin that triggered the Bonus) or a trophy (a multiplier from X1 to X7 for the total Bonus win, which is the sum of the random cash prizes collected). You can choose spots until COLLECT is revealed (which also wins either a trophy or a cash prize) and the Bonus game is terminated. The maximum total amount that can be won from the Magic Seven Bonus can reach 280 times the total bet of the spin that triggered the feature. The win multiplier is at X1 when you enter the Bonus. For each trophy found, the multiplier increases in steps of 1. When a trophy is found, scenes of one of Frankie Dettori's famous fantastic seven wins are played in the middle of the racetrack. The Magic Seven Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Games. FRANKIE DETTORI'S™ MAGIC SEVEN JACKPOT The Frankie Dettori's™ Magic Seven Jackpot can be triggered after any spin, including spins with no wins. However, the higher the bet, the greater the chances of entering the Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the two jackpots. A certain percentage of every bet (called 'contribution rate') by every person playing this game in each of many online Casinos is added to the progressive jackpot pool. There are two different levels of jackpots that can be won: SILVER 5 and GOLDEN 7. The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. You can see the current jackpots amounts at the top of the game screen. The Jackpot game screen contains 12 squares, each of which hides either silver or gold trophy. Clicking on a square reveals the trophy. Picking 5 silver trophies wins the SILVER 5 Jackpot, and picking 7 gold trophies wins the GOLDEN 7 Jackpot. The Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If you do not open enough trophies before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal your prize. Jackpot winnings are displayed in the popup Win Message. Once you click CONTINUE to go back to the game, all wins on reels (if any) will play. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): SILVER 5: €7,000 GOLDEN 7: €70,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Pick: 5 silver trophies to win the SILVER 5 Jackpot; 7 gold trophies to win the GOLDEN 7 Jackpot. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play the Frankie Dettori's Magic Seven Jackpot slot game. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same Progressive Jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two Jackpot wins. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. With Back button you can return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Auto Play mode stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Auto Play mode does not end the Auto Play reelspin mode. During a spin, the Spin button changes into the Stop button that stops the spin animation and displays the result immediately. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93 . 14 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 13 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020