White King II 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of White King II™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. You can also choose your paylines by swiping the slider up or down to the left/right of the main reels. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking on the smaller STOP button beneath the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until the Majestic Night Free Games round is triggered. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination on a winning payline. WILD symbols are always stacked, meaning they appear one on top of the other. More stacked WILD symbols are added to the reels during Majestic Night Free Games. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land in any position on these reels during the main game, Majestic Night Free Games are triggered. There is also a separate payout for 3-6 SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on these reels. The payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. DOUBLE SYMBOLS High-paying symbols, WILD symbols and SCATTER symbols can appear as double symbols in the main game and Free Games. The Double symbol occupies one position on the reels, but counts as two corresponding Single symbols on a payline. Thus, a winning combination of 5 Double symbols awards the same payout as a 10-of-a-kind combination of the corresponding Single symbols. Each double SCATTER symbol counts for 2 single SCATTER symbols, meaning that up to 6 SCATTER symbols can appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 on the same spin. MAJESTIC NIGHT FREE GAMES If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear on reels simultaneously during the main game, Majestic Night Free Games with additional stacked WILD and stacked double WILD symbols are triggered: 3 × SCATTER award 5 Free Games 4 × SCATTER award 15 Free Games 5 × SCATTER award 25 Free Games 6 × SCATTER award 50 Free Games If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear on reels simultaneously during the Free Games feature, extra free games are added to any remaining ones. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines and details the payout rules in the game. The Double Symbols screen illustrates the double symbols feature. The Majestic Night Free Games screen illustrates the Free Games conditions. Clicking BACK exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines – Screen illustrates the number of active paylines in the game. Line Bet - Increase or decrease the line bet by clicking the '–' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. / Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Auto Play / Stop – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Auto play reel spin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 91 . 40 %. Last modification date: 12/29/2021