Fire Blaze Red Wizard 5-reel 50-line slot The objective of the Fire Blaze™: Red Wizard™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 50. The total bet is equal to 20x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Wizard . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol and the Flaming Ball symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Castle . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any positions trigger the Free Games Feature . Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 6 Free Games are awarded. During the Free Games, 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 6 additional Free Games. During each Free Game, all Wild symbols that appear on reel 3 have a multiplier attached. Possible multiplier values are 2, 4, 8 or 16. Any line win that includes a Wild with a multiplier, will pay the normal win multiplied by the multiplier. During Free Games, Flaming Ball symbols on reel 3 will have higher prize values, on average, than other Flaming Ball symbols. The Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Fire Blaze Respin Feature: When 7 or more Flaming Ball symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. Each Flaming Ball symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize or a Star icon. Any Flaming Ball symbols that triggered the feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, are held in position during the feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new Flaming Ball symbol, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The GRAND prize is awarded during the Feature when all symbol positions are filled with Flaming Ball symbols. All Flaming Ball prizes shown on screen are paid when the GRAND prize is won, or when all 3 respins have been used. The feature will then be complete. Any held Star icon will transform to award the MAJOR, MINOR or MINI prize. These prizes can be won multiple times in each Fire Blaze Respin Feature . Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.49%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/2/2024