Funky Monkey 3-Reel Standard Slot The objective of Funky Monkey™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with 1 active payline. Bet per game round = coin value × number of coins. Your bet per game round is displayed in the Bet field. Choose your coin value by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose the number of coins you wish to wager, from 1 to 3, by clicking on the Bet One or Bet Max buttons. Clicking on these buttons will highlight the corresponding payouts column in the paytable for the currently selected number of coins. By default, the maximum number of 3 coins is selected when the game loads. Click Bet One to add 1 coin to the number of coins wagered, or return the number to 1 if the maximum of 3 coins is already selected. Click Bet Max to set the number of coins to the maximum of 3 and spin the reels with the currently selected coin value. Click Spin to spin the reels with the currently selected coin value and number of coins. The reels can also be spun by clicking on one of the payouts columns in the paytable, which can be found above the reels. Click anywhere on the leftmost column of the paytable to spin the reels with 1 coin wagered at the currently selected coin value. Click anywhere on the middle column of the paytable to spin the reels with 2 coins wagered at the currently selected coin value. Click anywhere on the rightmost column of the paytable to spin the reels with 3 coins wagered at the currently selected coin value. The reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Click on the Auto Play button to open the Autoplay menu. Increase or decrease the number of auto spins to be played by clicking on the + or – buttons either side of the Stop button. Click the Spin button to start the Autoplay session with the currently selected coin value and number of coins. You can end the Autoplay session and exit the Autoplay menu by clicking the Stop button showing the number of remaining spins. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be found above the reels. Total win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The win amount for each spin is displayed in the Win field. Casino toolbar The upper edge of the game window holds the Casino toolbar. It contains a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Buttons Coin Value + and – buttons - Increase or decrease the coin value. Bet One / Bet Max - Select the number of coins to wager, from 1 to 3. Each click on the Bet One button adds 1 to the number of coins wagered, or returns the number to 1 if the maximum number of 3 coins is already selected. Click Bet Max to set the number of coins to the maximum of 3 and spin the reels with the currently selected coin value. Auto Play / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reel spin mode and exit the Auto Play menu. Spin - Spin the reels with the currently selected coin value and number of coins. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97 . 10 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97 . 15 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020