Heads Up Holdem Heads Up Hold’Em is based on Texas Hold’em and includes additional bets: Pocket Bonus, Trips Plus, and Bad Beat. Heads Up Hold’Em is played with a single 52-card deck. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. TO PLAY THE GAME Click on a chip to select it and then click Ante on the table to place your Ante bet and your Odds bet. Please note: the Odds bet is always equal to the Ante bet. These bets must be within the minimum and maximum allowed sizes. You cannot play a round without placing these bets. The minimum and maximum total bets are shown beside the table. If you click on this text a pop-up window will appear that details all the table limits. To remove the last bet you placed on the table, click UNDO . To remove all bets from the table and start over, click CLEAR . To play your placed bets, click the DEAL button. You and the dealer will be dealt 2 cards (the dealer’s are face-down). These cards are the hole cards. 5 cards will be dealt to the center of the table. These 5 cards are the community cards. You may then click CHECK or ×3 RAISE . Click ×3 RAISE to place a Raise bet that is 3 times the size of your Ante bet. Click CHECK to turn over the first 3 community cards and forfeit your option to place a Raise bet that is 3 times the size of your Ante bet. After clicking CHECK you will have the option to click CHECK again or click ×2 RAISE . Click ×2 RAISE to place a Raise bet that is double the size of your Ante bet. Click CHECK to turn over the last 2 community cards and forfeit your option to place a Raise bet that is twice the size of your Ante bet. After clicking CHECK at this stage you may click FOLD or ×1 RAISE . Click FOLD to forfeit your Ante bet and Odds bet and end the round. Note: you may still win with a Pocket Bonus bet and/or a Trips Plus bet after clicking FOLD . Click ×1 RAISE to place a Raise bet that is equal to the size of your Ante bet. After placing a Raise bet of any size all the face-down cards on the table will turn face up. The game will then automatically calculate the best 5-card poker hand possible for you using your 2 hole cards and the 5 community cards. The game will also calculate the best 5-card poker hand for the dealer (using the dealer’s 2 hole cards and the 5 community cards). If you wish to play another round, place your bets as described above and then click DEAL . You can also click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round or REBET & DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round and have the cards dealt. ANTE AND ODDS The Ante bet is returned to you in a push if the dealer’s hand does not qualify (it ranks lower than a Pair) or your card combination is the same as the dealer’s. You receive a 1:1 payout for the Ante bet if the dealer qualifies and your hand beats the dealer’s. Odds Win ROYAL FLUSH 500:1 STRAIGHT FLUSH 50:1 'QUADS' FOUR OF A KIND 10:1 FULL HOUSE 3:1 FLUSH 1.5:1 STRAIGHT 1:1 OTHER HANDS Push You win a payout for the Odds bet, or receive the Odds bet in a push, if you beat the dealer’s hand (see the table above). You lose the Odds bet if your hand ranks lower than a Straight and the dealer beats your hand. The Odds bet is returned to you in a push if you have the same card combination as the dealer. You receive a 1:1 payout for your Raise bet if you beat the dealer’s hand. You lose the Raise bet if the dealer beats your hand. The Raise bet is returned to you in a push if you and the dealer have the same card combination. Odds Bad Beat STRAIGHT FLUSH 500:1 'QUADS' FOUR OF A KIND 50:1 FULL HOUSE 10:1 FLUSH 8:1 STRAIGHT 5:1 OTHER HANDS Loss If your hand is a Straight or better and the dealer beats your hand, you win a Bad Beat payout (see the table above). Note: you receive a Bad Beat payout if you lose with a hand that is a Straight or better, regardless of where the cards came from. A hand that wins a Bad Beat payout could be a mix of hole cards and community cards, or consist of community cards only. TRIPS PLUS The Trips Plus bet is an optional side bet that pays if the player’s 7 cards (2 hole cards and 5 community cards) contains Trips (three of a kind) or better, regardless of the outcome of the primary game bets. The Trips Plus payouts are listed in the table below. Trips Plus Win ROYAL FLUSH 100:1 STRAIGHT FLUSH 40:1 'QUADS' FOUR OF A KIND 30:1 FULL HOUSE 8:1 FLUSH 7:1 STRAIGHT 4:1 TRIPS 3:1 POCKET BONUS The Pocket Bonus bet is an optional side bet that awards a payout based on the value of your 2 hole cards only, regardless of the outcome of the primary game bets. If your hole cards contain a Pair or an ace with a face card (King, Queen or Jack), you will receive a payout from the table below. Pocket Bonus Win POCKET ACES 30:1 ACE-FACE SUITED 20:1 ACE-FACE 10:1 PAIR 5:1 BUTTONS DEAL – Deal the cards. FOLD – Forfeit your Ante bet and your Odds bet and end the game round. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. CLEAR – Remove all bets from the table. UNDO – Remove the last bet you placed on the table. CHECK – On the first click, turn over the first 3 community cards on the first use. On the second click, turn over the last 2 community cards. 1 × RAISE – Place a Raise bet equal to the Ante bet and then play your hand against the dealer’s. 2 × RAISE – Place a Raise bet double the size of the Ante bet and then play your hand against the dealer’s. 3 × RAISE – Place a Raise bet triple the size of the Ante bet and then play your hand against the dealer’s. TABLE LIMITS – click the gold card displaying the MIN and MAX bets to see the table limits and the paytables. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97 . 64 %. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) for the Trips Plus side bet is 96.66%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) for the Pocket Bonus side bet is 95.48%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply).