Pigeons From Space 5-reel, 36-line slot The objective of the Pigeons From Space!™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 36. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Crop Circle symbol, the Blue Pigeon , and the Purple Pigeon , to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol does not appear on the spinning reels. Wild symbols only appear when they are dropped by the Blue Pigeon . Crop Circle symbol: The Crop Circle symbol is dropped by the Purple Pigeon as part of a Respin Feature or a Free Games Feature . The cash value displayed on the Crop Circle symbol is paid once at the end of the Respin Feature or Free Games Feature . Blue Pigeon symbol: If a Blue Pigeon lands on the reels in the main game, either the Respin Feature or the Free Games Feature will be triggered. If a Blue Pigeon lands on the reels, the symbol position it lands on will become a Wild symbol. 1 to 3 adjacent symbol positions will also become Wild symbols. Purple Pigeon symbol: If a Purple Pigeon lands on the reels in the main game, either the Respin Feature or the Free Games Feature will be triggered. If a Purple Pigeon lands on the reels during a spin, the symbol position it lands on will become a Crop Circle symbol, displaying a cash value equal to the sum of its own cash value, all coinciding line wins for that spin, and all Crop Circle symbol cash prizes that were already on the reels. Respin Feature: When a Blue Pigeon OR a Purple Pigeon lands during a main game spin, the Respin Feature is triggered. When both a Blue Pigeon AND a Purple Pigeon land in a main game spin, the Respin Feature is not triggered. One respin will be awarded. If a Blue Pigeon lands, all the Wild symbols it drops will remain on-screen during the Respin Feature . If a Purple Pigeon lands, the Crop Circle symbol it drops will remain on-screen during the Respin Feature . The value of the Crop Circle symbol will be paid once, at the end of the feature. During the respin, another Pigeon may land, awarding one additional respin. If no Pigeon lands during the respin, the feature will end after the respin is evaluated. Free Games Feature: When both a Blue Pigeon AND a Purple Pigeon land in a main game spin, the Free Games Feature is triggered. As part of the trigger spin, the Blue Pigeon will drop Wild symbols, and the Purple Pigeon will drop a Crop Circle symbol. 6 Free Games are awarded. During Free Games , any Wild symbols or Crop Circle symbols that are dropped will remain on-screen until the end of the feature. The cash prizes displayed on any Crop Circle symbols will be paid once, at the end of the feature. Free Games cannot be retriggered during Free Games. The Respin Feature cannot be triggered during Free Games. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Return to Player: The RTP value is the theoretical return to player, calculated by piding the total winnings by total amount bet from 1000000000 simulated game rounds. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.82% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.95%. Buy Bonus: There is a BUY BONUS option in-game, where enabled. Buying a bonus will trigger the Free Games Feature . Press the BUY BONUS button to select Buy Bonus bet level and confirm the purchase. Once you have confirmed the Buy Bonus purchase, the reels will spin, and the feature will be triggered. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/31/2024