Lucky Gift Collect' Em Lucky Gift: Collect'Em™ 6-reel 50-line game To play the game: On the entry screen, press PLAY to start the game. Press - or + on TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Press the TURBO MODE button to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. If you want to stop the reels early, press the SPIN button again. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. All wins shown in the paytable are relative to the current bet. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the AUTO PLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing the STOP button. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the paytable and return to the game, press EXIT . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Wins can only form on active paylines. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbols, except the Collect'Em™ , Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols can appear on reels #2 to #6. Cascading reels: Any winning combination triggers the reels to cascade. All winning combinations explode after paying out. Each wave can create new winning combinations for another wave and even more wins. Collect'Em™ Symbols: The symbols with the words 'Collect'Em' on them are the Collect'Em™ symbols in the game. The Collect'Em ™ symbols can land on reels #1 and/or #6 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels #1 and/or #6 will collect all prize symbols - Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. The Collect'Em™ Cascader symbol collects all prize symbols in view, then removes them, allowing new symbols to drop in. Collect'Em™ Feature: The Collect'Em™ feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol and a prize symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 prize symbols in the game: The symbols with envelopes on them are the Cash Prize symbols. The cash prizes correspond to the player's total bet. The symbols with '+(number)' on them are the Free Games symbols. For example, +2 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a prize symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly. Note: Cash Prize symbols contain values of x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10 multiplied by total bet. Note: Free Games symbols contain values of +1, +2, +3, +5. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol and a Diamond symbol anywhere on the reels triggers a Collect'Em™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol is present on the reels. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Free Games: Any Collect'Em™ symbols in view on reels #1 and/or #6 in combination with Free Games symbols will trigger a Collect'Em™ that awards Free Games. The total amount of Free Games awarded is equal to all the numbers on the Free Games symbols combined. During Free Games a second reels grid becomes active. The second reels grid acts independently of the first reels grid. Collect'Em™ symbols appear on all reels and have lives on them. These remain active for up to 3 Free Games . A Collect'Em™ All symbol is also added to the reels, which collects prize symbols from both reels grids. More Free Games can be won by landing Collect'Em™ symbols in combination with Free Games symbols. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.55%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 2/18/2025