Jinfu Xingyun Jinfu Xingyun ™ 5-reel 243-ways slot The objective of the Jinfu Xingyun™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Jinfu Xingyun™ is a 5-reel, 3-row slot game with the Free Games Feature and the Jinfu Feature. The game is played with 243 ways to win. The total bet is equal to 50x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Ways wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from matching symbols in any position on any reels, according to the paytable. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated Ways and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Ways wins will equal your coin value multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Scatter wins will equal your total bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules. Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTOPLAY, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i. To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back arrow button. 243 Ways: Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is equal to your total bet divided by 50. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable multiplied by the coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol can only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4. Free Games: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously on any reels, Free Games are triggered. 10 Free Games are awarded. During Free Games, the reels spin automatically. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During Free Games, the following symbols are not present on the reels: 'A', 'K', 'Q', 'J', '10' and '9'. Free Games can be triggered again during the Free Games. During Free Games, any 3 or more Scatter symbols will award an additional 10 Free Games. After the last Free Game has finished, a message will appear informing you of your total winnings. Press Continue button to return to the main game. Jinfu Feature: Any Wild symbol appearing in the base game or Free Games may randomly trigger the Jinfu Feature. Only one Jinfu Feature can be triggered per spin. When the Jinfu Feature is triggered, 12 coins will appear. Select a coin to reveal one of the following types of bonus babies: MINI prize. MINOR prize. MAJOR prize. GRAND prize. Keep selecting coins until 3 matching bonus babies are revealed. The corresponding prize will be awarded, and the bonus will end. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.98%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/9/2025