Big Shots 6-Reel 4096-Way Slot The objective of Big Shots™is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is always played with 4096 Ways to Win . The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The total bet per game round is the coin value × 40. The total bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click the arrow buttons near the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the bet. Clicking the SPIN button or pressing the SPACEBAR key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the AutoPlay function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button and click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During the auto play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into STOP . Click this STOP button to stop the auto play session. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless the UNTIL FEATURE is on. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. The paytable can be accessed via the i page. When a feature has been triggered, you can start it by clicking the CLICK TO START button and then CONTINUE . After the feature finishes, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game, or resumes the Autoplay mode. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the i button or via the Menu. Winning symbol combinations = coin bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. Total bet = coin bet × 40. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens that displays the total win. ALL WAYS FEATURE There are 4096 possible ways to win in this All Ways game. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels. Only the highest win is paid per way. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Diamond symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. BIG SYMBOLS All symbols in the game appear in a variety of sizes, including up to 4x4. SCATTER SYMBOL The Free Games symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. When a SCATTER symbol fills reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during the main game, it triggers the Free Games feature. More information on Free Games can be found below. The SCATTER symbol has no payout of its own. FREE GAMES When a SCATTER symbol fills reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered and 5 Free Games are awarded. During free games, character symbols replace the heart, diamond, spade and club symbols for higher wins. Filling reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 with the SCATTER symbol will cause the feature to retrigger. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain several menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. Click on 1 of the buttons to open it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance -Your game window balance. This is the total amount of money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance, as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier -Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real -This button only appears in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus -This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games -Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured -Is a feature that enables you to find your next gaming adventure! It contains various categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots -When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games -When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off -Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu -Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History -Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options -Opens the options dialog, where you can change various game play settings. Help -Opens the help article that you are currently reading. Paytable -Opens the paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the i button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows on the right side of the screen navigates through the different info screens of the paytable. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Big Symbols screen explains the behavior of big symbols. The Free Games screen explains the Free Games feature. The Ways screen illustrates the Ways to Win and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking BACK on the lower left-hand corner of the dialog window exits the i screen and returns to the game. Buttons: i -Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Arrow buttons - Increase or decrease the total bet. SPIN / STOP -Spin the reels./Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result.In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reel spin mode. Auto Play / Stop -Spin the reels a set number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay session. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections:if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is96.10%. Last modification date: 8/24/2021