Frankie Dettori Sporting Legends 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Frankie Dettori Sporting Legends™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a non-fixed number of 25 active paylines Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Auto Play mode the AUTOPLAY button displays the number of auto spins left. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary board takes you back to the main game or resumes Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the “i” INFO page or the Menu. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed by the i-button or via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD symbol standing in). The GALLOPING WILD symbol is stacked 3 symbols high and only appears on reel #1 and only in the main game. The GALLOPING WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. When the stacked GALLOPING WILD symbol lands fully on reel #1 and there is a win anywhere on the reels in the same spin, the GALLOPING WILD RESPINS FEATURE is triggered. Red, yellow and green HORSE WILD symbols are stacked 1, 2 or 3 symbols high and only appears on reel #5 and only in GOLDEN DERBY FREE GAMES . HORSE WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline to form a win. If 2 or more SCATTER symbols appear anywhere in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to the payline winnings. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels simultaneously, the GOLDEN DERBY FREE GAMES feature is triggered. GALLOPING WILD RESPINS FEATURE The GALLOPING WILD symbol is stacked 3 symbols high and only appears on reel #1 and only in the main game. The GALLOPING WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. When the stacked GALLOPING WILD symbol lands fully on reel #1 and there is a win anywhere on the reels in the same spin, a free respin is triggered. A win on a respin triggers another free respin if the stacked GALLOPING WILD symbol is still on the reels. During each respin the stacked GALLOPING WILD symbol moves 1 reel to the right and the win multiplier is increased (multipliers are - 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x). Respins end when there is no win on the reels, or when the stacked GALLOPING WILD symbol moves right off reel #5. During this feature, the reels respin automatically using the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered the feature. GOLDEN DERBY FREE GAMES FEATURE When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels simultaneously, the GOLDEN DERBY FREE GAMES feature is triggered. You will then be asked to pick 1 of 3 horses (red, yellow or green) to win a multiplier that will be applied to your total free games win. The RECENT RANKING field under each horse shows the position in which each horse finished for the last 5 GOLDEN DERBY FREE GAMES features. Once you have chosen a horse you will be taken to the Free Games reels. A racetrack sits above the Free Games reels with 3 horses on it (red, yellow and green). The CURRENT LEADER field show the current race positions, with your horse name in flashing text and its details listed above. The free games will start automatically. During free games only red, yellow and green HORSE WILD symbols (which are stacked 1, 2 or 3 symbols high on the reels) can land on reel #5. HORSE WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. On every free spin, the number of symbol spaces occupied by red, yellow and green HORSE WILD symbols on reel #5 determines how many spaces the horses on the track move forward. Free games end when a horse reaches the finish line. The size of win multiplier applied to the total free games win is decided by the position your horse finishes in: 1-st place - x3 multiplier. 2-nd place - x2 multiplier. 3-rd place - x1 multiplier. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field beneath the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. The number of free games played is displayed in the SPINS PLAYED field. Note: SCATTER symbols cannot appear during GOLDEN DERBY FREE GAMES feature and therefore the Free Games feature cannot be retriggered. Daily Jackpot, Weekly Jackpot and Mega Jackpot The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. The central ticker shows the value of the Mega Jackpot. The Weekly Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Weekly Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. Any bet of any size can win the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot or the Mega Jackpot, but the larger a bet is the more likely it is to trigger 1 of these jackpots. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any games featuring Sporting Legends™ Jackpot. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 2% of each bet placed. 84.5% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 15.5% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The seed pot funds the Daily Jackpot seed, the Weekly Jackpot seed and the Mega Jackpot seed. (The seed is the amount of money a jackpot begins with.) As the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot and the Mega Jackpot are funded by the operator, these jackpots do not affect the RTP of the game. Funds may sometimes be removed from the seed pot to fund other promotions. The terms and conditions of these promotions are available on the Casino website throughout the promotion periods. If the current Daily Jackpot is won before 21:00 GMT (BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker. If the current Weekly Jackpot is won before 12:00 p.m. GMT on Saturday (12:00 p.m. BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Weekly Jackpot ticker. Note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. If no game play takes place at the time at which a jackpot must be won (either the Daily Jackpot or the Weekly Jackpot), then that jackpot will be triggered by the first bet placed the following day. Game malfunctions void all payouts. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the paytable of the game. Click the X button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking the INFO button “i” opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at either side of the screen, or the radio buttons at the bottom, enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. Clicking X exits the info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: “i” - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Line Bet + and − buttons – Increase or decrease the bet per line. Lines + and − buttons – Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin – Spin the reels. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result or stop Autoplay mode. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The average theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93 . 02 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020