Ace Ventura 5-Reel with All-Ways Feature The objective of Ace Ventura is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Ace Ventura is played in Landscape and Portrait Modes. Tap OK on the entry screen so that you can be directed to the main game reels. This game is always played with 243 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed, unless a change is specified in a feature. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your coin value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of auto spins. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the Coin Value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable . The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times allowing for 243 Ways to Win on every spin. 3 or more adjacent symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols in any position on each consecutive reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on SCATTER symbols can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except for the SCATTER symbols and Animal Modifiers symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Note: WILD symbols have no payout of their own. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Rhino symbol. The SCATTER symbol triggers Free Games when appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously. The SCATTER symbol will not appear on the reels during Free Games. Note: SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. ANIMAL MODIFIERS Animal Modifiers are collected during the main reels game. Animal Modifier symbols apply enhancements during the Free Games feature. There is a collection area for Animal Modifier symbols at the top left of the reels which has 2 slots for Animal Modifiers. If you quit the game, any Animal Modifier symbols in the collection area will be saved for the next time the game is loaded. Pressing the collection area at any time will open a pop-up with information on the collected Animal Modifier symbols. There are 6 Animal Modifier symbols, each with different effects (see the Free Games section for more information): The red Shark Animal Modifier The pink Elephant Animal Modifier The green Gorilla Animal Modifier The yellow Bat Animal Modifier The orange Pigeon Animal Modifier The blue Dolphin Animal Modifier Animal Modifier symbols only appear on reel 5, and only 1 can appear per spin. When an Animal Modifier symbol that is not currently in the collection area lands on the reels the following will happen: The Animal Modifier symbol in the leftmost slot of the collection area will be removed. The other Animal Modifier (or Modifiers) in the collection area will move left 1 slot. The new Animal Modifier symbol on reel 5 will move to the now open rightmost slot of the collection area. When an Animal Modifier symbol that is already in the collection area lands on the reels it will award a cash prize. Any Animal Modifier symbol has a chance of being an Extra Animal Modifier, identifiable by the small key on the symbol. When an Extra Animal Modifier lands on the reels it will be collected into a 3rd slot in the collection area. The 3rd slot will appear to the right of the rightmost slot and be filled by the Extra Animal Modifier. The collection area will now have 3 slots to hold Animal Modifiers until the next time the Free Games feature is triggered, after which the collection area will revert back to having 2 slots. The collection area and any Animal Modifier symbols that land on the reels will continue to behave as described above. If an Extra Animal Modifier has landed and there are now 3 slots in the collection area, no more Extra Animal Modifiers will land. The collection area has a maximum of 3 slots. FREE GAMES SCATTER symbols landing on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously will trigger the Free Games feature. Animal Modifiers and SCATTER symbols will not appear on the Free Games reels. The Free Games feature will be modified by the Animal Modifier symbols in the collection area. There are 6 Animal Modifier symbols, each with different effects: The red Shark Animal Modifier will award a random number of extra Free Games before the reels begin spinning. The pink Elephant Animal Modifier expands the Free Games reels before the feature begins, adding an additional row of symbols for 1,024 Ways to Win. The blue Dolphin Animal Modifier awards a mystery win multiplier at the start of Free Games that will apply to all Free Games wins. The green Gorilla Animal Modifier upgrades symbols during Free Games. A random symbol will be chosen to be upgraded at the start of Free Games. Whenever that symbol lands anywhere on the reels, it will be upgraded to the top paying symbol. The yellow Bat Animal Modifier places WILD symbols in random positions on the reels after every Free Games spin, before any winnings are awarded. The orange Pigeon Animal Modifier will add a random win multiplier to any WILD symbol that appears on reel 3. Any wins involving this WILD symbol will be multiplied by the corresponding amount. At the end of Free Games, the collected Animal Modifiers will be replaced by a randomized pair of new Animal Modifiers. If the collection area had 3 slots for Animal Modifiers when Free Games were triggered, the collection area will return to having 2 slots when the feature ends. Free Games are played with the same coin value as the spin that triggered the feature. During Free Games the reels are spun automatically. The Free Spins Total field shows the accumulated winnings from all Free Games played so far. The number of Free Games left remaining is shown at the top of the reels. After all Free Games have been completed a screen appears showing the accumulated winnings from all Free Games. Tap OK to return to the main game. The overall amount you have won during the free games will also be displayed in the Total Win field in the main game. IN-REEL FEATURES There are 3 in-reel features in the main game: Jungle Friends Ace will appear during any reel spin. Ace will summon his Jungle Friends, placing WILD symbols on random symbol positions. Ace will disappear and the reels will stop spinning. Any wins will then be awarded. Sneaky Walk Ace will walk across the reels during any reel spin. Ace will stop on 1 or more reels at random, filling every position on the reel he stops on with WILD symbols. Ace will walk off the screen and any winnings will be awarded when the reels stop spinning. LOSER! If there are no winning combinations on the reels, there is a chance that the LOSER! In-Reel feature will be triggered. Ace will appear and trigger a free re-spin with a win multiplier between x2 and x4. Any free re-spins will be played at the coin value of the triggering spin. If there are no winning combinations in the results of the free re-spin, another free re-spin will be triggered. For each re-spin, the win multiplier will increase by between +1 and +3. The reels will continue to be re-spun with increasing win multipliers until a re-spin results in a winning combination. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.18%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020