Legacy of the Wild 2 5-reel, 60-line slot. The objective of Legacy of the Wild 2™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Do not show this again to skip the entry screen the next time you play. This game is played with a fixed number of 60 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 15. Click the '+' and '-' buttons to select the total bet. Clicking the TURBO MODE button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the HIGH-WIN SYMBOLS , LOW-WIN SYMBOLS and WILD SYMBOLS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more Wild symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from Wilds is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by Wild standing in). To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 60 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 15. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: There are 2 types of WILD symbols in this game. the normal WILD is the word wild. The BOOK OF WILD is the book with wild on top of it. The normal WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except BOOK OF WILD , to make the best possible winning combination. The BOOK OF WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Whenever a BOOK OF WILD symbol lands on the reels during the base game, all instances of 1 or 2 low win symbols are removed from the reels for the remaining waves of the spin when the reels collapse. Collapsing Reels Any win on the reels will trigger a collapse. All symbols participating in a win will disappear. All symbols that do not participate in a win will stay on the reels. If a symbol under it participated in a win and disappears, the symbol that did not participate in a win will collapse. New symbols will fall from the top of the reels. Any new wins this collapse creates will cause another collapse. When a collapse results in no new wins, no more collapses will be triggered. 5 or more wins from a single spin triggers the Free Games feature Free Games 5 or more wins from a single spin triggers the Free Games feature 5 consecutive wins on a single spin award 8 free games. 6 consecutive wins on a single spin award 10 free games. 7 consecutive wins on a single spin award 15 free games. 8 consecutive wins on a single spin award 20 free games. 9 consecutive wins on a single spin award 30 free games. 10 or more consecutive wins on a single spin award 50 free games. Whenever a BOOK OF WILD symbol lands on the reels during Free Games , all low-win symbols are removed from the reels for the remaining waves of the spin when the reels collapse. The number of waves is capped to 10 during Free Games . This feature cannot be retriggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.36%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/26/2020