Silent Samurai: Mega Collect'Em Silent Samurai: Mega Collect Em™ 5-reel, 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the TURBO button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet / 30. Wild Symbol: The samurai is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Collect 'Em™ and any coin symbol. Special Wild Symbol: The symbol with a horned helmet and the word 'WILD' on it is the Special Wild symbol. The Special Wild symbol can only land during Free Games . The Special Wild symbol triggers the Dropping Wilds feature when it lands. Collect 'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Collect 'Em' on it is the Collect 'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect 'Em™ symbol can land on reels #1 and/or #5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect 'Em™ symbol on reels #1 and/or #5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Mega Collect 'Em™ Feature: The Mega Collect 'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect 'Em™ symbol on reels #1 and/or #5 during the main game, or on reels #1-#5 during the Free Games , and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 4 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with the cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes depend on the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, a +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. The symbol with the sword on it is the Sword symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly, or unlocks a lock in Free Games , when collected. If more than 1 Collect 'Em™ symbol lands on reels, every coin symbol will be collected once per each Collect 'Em™ symbol on reels. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +2, +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect 'Em™ symbol lands on reels #1 and/or #5, and 1 or more Free Games coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol collected once for each Collect 'Em™ symbol present on the reels. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games , 5 extra locked rows are added to the reels. Each locked row has its own count of locks. Each collected Sword symbol removes 1 lock. When all locks are removed, the row unlocks on the next spin. During Free Games , the Collect 'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels and locks on the reels for 3 spins, whenever it lands on the main reels and first 3 extra rows. On the 4th extra row each Collect 'Em™ symbol will lock for 5 spins. On the 5th extra row frozen Collect 'Em™ symbol will stay in place for the rest of the Free Games . Note : Each Collect 'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note : New Collect 'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect 'Em™ symbol. During Free Games , each Collect 'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Prize , Diamond , Free Games and/or Sword symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect 'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect 'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Dropping Wilds: During Free Games , the Dropping Wilds feature can be triggered by landing a Special Wild symbol. When a Special Wild symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels along with a Collect 'Em™ symbol, a stack of Wild symbols will drop on the main reels - on the reel directly below the Special Wild symbol. If there is already a Wild symbol on that reel, the existing Wild will gain a multiplier. If there are 2 or more Collect 'Em™ symbols activating a Special Wild symbol, each of them will increase stacked Wild multipliers values by +1. Multiplier values on Wild symbols are capped at ×3. Wild multipliers are additive. Cash Spreader: During Free Games , the Cash Spreader feature can be triggered. The symbol with 3 coins on it is the Cash Spreader symbol. When a Cash Spreader symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, the Cash Spreader symbol will spread up to 5 random coins on the extra reels. Spread coins cannot land on locked reels or occupied positions. After spreading, a Cash Spreader symbol will transform into a random coin. Sticky Cash Symbol: The symbol with a cash value and a flaming border on it is the Sticky Cash symbol in the game. The Sticky Cash symbol can appear only during the Free Games feature. When a Sticky Cash symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, it will freeze whenever it lands until it becomes a Diamond coin symbol. The Sticky Cash symbol awards a cash prize equal to its value every time it is collected by a Collect 'Em™ symbol. The value of Sticky Cash symbols start at 1 x the total bet. When 1 or more Collect 'Em™ symbols are present on the reels, Sticky Cash value will double on the next spin. When a Sticky Cash value reaches 16 x total bet, then on the following spin the Sticky Cash symbol will transform into the Diamond coin symbol. Once the Diamond coin symbol is collected and a prize is awarded, the symbol will unfreeze and will spin off the reels. Random Coin Symbol: The symbol with a question mark on it is the Random Coin symbol in the game. When a Random Coin symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, it will freeze for 3 spins. During every spin, the Random Coin symbol will transform into a random coin symbol, Collect 'Em™ or any of the special symbols. After 3 spins, the Random Coin symbol will unfreeze and will spin off the reels. Samurai Feature: During the main game, the samurai can appear on any random spin. When the samurai appears, he can do one of the following: Add stacks of Wild symbols. Add Collect 'Em™ symbols or any other coin symbols. Increase the value of existing Cash Prize or Free Games coin symbols. Collect 'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect 'Em™ symbol on reels #1 and/or #5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games , and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect 'Em™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect 'Em™ symbol is locked on the reels during Free Games . Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.58%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/31/2024