Full Moon Fortunes 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Full Moon Fortunes™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbols and BONUS SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (in winning lines where the WILD symbol is standing in for other symbols). SCATTER SYMBOL The Full Moon is a SCATTER symbol, it appears on reel 5 during the main game only. When it appears the Full Moon bonus feature is triggered: all Dr Blackwood symbols currently on the reels are turned into Multiplier Wild symbols. More information on the Multiplier Wild symbol can be found below. MULTIPLIER WILD SYMBOL The Multiplier Wild symbol can substitute for any other symbol except for the SCATTER symbols and BONUS SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. In addition, line wins resulting from a combination in which the Multiplier Wild symbol participates are multiplied by the value shown on the symbol. The multiplier value awarded is random and can be from x1 to x5. Note: All Multiplier Wild symbols count up to the same multiplier value. If there are 2 or more such symbols, their multiplier values are not added up. For example, if on a winning payline there are 3 Multiplier Wild symbols with a multiplier value x2, the line win will only be multiplied by x2. Note: When not substituting for any other symbols, Multiplier Wild symbols pay out as multiplied Dr Blackwood symbols. STACKED SYMBOL The Dragon Jewel symbol is stacked on all reels. This means that Dragon Jewel symbols appear one above the other on the reels, thus making higher payouts possible. BONUS SCATTER SYMBOL 3, 4 or 5 BONUS SCATTER symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger the Night of the Full Moon Free Spins feature. More information on Night of the Full Moon Free Spins can be found below. The Night of the Full Moon Free Spins feature will have a different number of free spins and a different win multiplier depending on the number of BONUS SCATTER symbols that have triggered it. Number of BONUS SCATTER symbols triggering the Night of the Full Moon Free Spins feature Initial number of free spins awarded Initial win multiplier value awarded 3 1 1 4 2 2 5 3 3 When the feature is triggered, you will be taken to a graveyard, where you need to pick graves. Click on a grave to pick it. Each grave will award either an additional number of free spins (from 1 to 4), or an additional win multiplier value (from x1 to x4), which will be added to the initial values that you have won. When a grave you have picked reveals Collect , the picking is terminated. Clicking CONTINUE on the screen that appears afterwards starts Free Spins bonus. The Free Spins box to the upper left of the game window shows the accumulated free spins you have won. The Multiplier box to the upper right of the game window displays the accumulated win multiplier value. The win multiplier value does not change after the picking stage has finished. All line wins during Free Spins are multiplied by that value. The highest number of free spins you can win altogether is 20. The highest multiplier value is 5. During free spins all Dr Blackwood symbols act as Multiplier Wild symbols, multiplying line wins by up to 25. Note: Wild multipliers are pre-calculated to account for the free spins multiplier. During free spins, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that won the feature. After each spin, the win for that spin is displayed in the Win field. The Free Spins Total field shows the accumulated winnings from all free spins played so far. The number of free spins remaining is shown in the Free Spins box. After all free spins have been completed a screen appears showing the accumulated winnings from all free spins. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020