Gem Heat 5-Reel 10-Line Slot The objective of Gem Heat™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 10 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 10. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed next to the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button and then the CONTINUE button. After the end of the feature, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game or resumes the Autoplay mode. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Diamond Gem symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). FLAMING GEM WILD The game also features the FLAMING GEM WILD symbol, which can stand for any symbol except SCATTER , and only appears in Free Games and Hi Roller mode. The FLAMING GEM WILD symbol upgrades any “7” symbols that appear on the reels at the same time to create and improve wins. STACKED SYMBOLS Red “7”, Green “7” and Blue “7” symbols appear as single symbols and also in 2-symbol high stacks and 3-symbol high stacks on the reels during the main game, Free Games and the Hi Roller Feature. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Gem Heat logo symbol. If SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5, 7 Free Games are triggered. There are no separate payouts for SCATTER symbols. FREE GAMES FREE GAMES are triggered by landing SCATTER symbols simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5. To enter the Free Games round click the CLICK TO START button and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up to begin the feature. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Free Games Win field to the right above the reels. The number of free games remaining is displayed above the reels. At the start of the feature you are awarded 7 free games. All free games are played with a locked FLAMING GEM WILD in the center of reel #3. Free Games cannot be retriggered. When all free games have been played, click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game reels. HI ROLLER FEATURE Click the HI ROLLER button to open the HI ROLLER menu. There are 2 Hi Roller modes that can be played. Both Hi Roller modes consist of 5 spins with FLAMING GEM WILD symbols added to the reels. The first Hi Roller mode costs 10x your total bet to play. 5 spins will be played with FLAMING GEM WILD symbols added to reel #3 in the main game. The second Hi Roller mode costs 20x your total bet to play. 5 spins will be played with FLAMING GEM WILD symbols added to reels #2, #3 and #4 in the main game. Click '–' or '+' to set your total bet and then click on a Hi Roller mode underneath to select either 10x or 20x Hi Roller mode. Click the START button to begin HI ROLLER spins once you have chosen your total bet and selected a Hi Roller mode. Alternatively, click the arrow button to go back to the main game. During Hi Roller spins, wins will be calculated based on your line bet, as in the main game. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win for the Hi Roller round is shown in the Total Win field to the left above the reels. The number of Hi Roller spins remaining is displayed in the Spins Left field to the right above the reels. If the Free Games feature is triggered during Hi Roller spins then any remaining Hi Roller spins will be played when the Free Games feature ends. After the last Hi Roller spin has played, click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the HI ROLLER Menu. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Clicking BACK exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 92.05% and the maximum is 92.05% in main game. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.06% and the maximum is 94.06% in Hi Roller x10 mode. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.05% and the maximum is 96.05% in Hi Roller x20 mode. Last modification date: 12/29/2021