MEGA FIRE BLAZE: DWARVES & GOBLINS Mega Fire Blaze: Dwarves and Goblins™ 5-reel, 30-line game The objective of the Mega Fire Blaze: Dwarves and Goblins™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press ▶ to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. To close bet settings and return to the game, press anywhere on the screen. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wild Symbol: The Wild symbol is the Gemstone . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, the Gold Nugget , the Gold Coin symbol and the Dwarf symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Minecart . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. Gold Coin Symbols and Dwarf Symbols: Any combination of 6 or more Gold Coin and Dwarf symbols in any position triggers the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Gold Nugget Symbol: The Gold Nugget symbol appears only in Free Games and in the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 8 Free Games are awarded. During each Free Games spin, any Gold Nugget symbols that appear will be held in place for 3 Free Games spins, or until the feature ends, whichever comes first. Each Gold Nugget symbol will display a cash prize or a Star . Gold Nugget symbols can land on reels 2, 3 or 4 only. If a Dwarf symbol lands, all Gold Nugget symbols on-screen will be paid. If 2 Dwarf symbols land, all Gold Nugget symbols on-screen will be paid twice. Dwarf symbols can only land on reels 1 and 5 in the Free Games. The cash prizes can be 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x or 50x total bet. Paying Star icons will transform to award the MAJOR (total bet x 500), MINOR (total bet x 100) or MINI (total bet x 20) prize. During Free Games, it is not possible to trigger the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . During Free Games, it is not possible to retrigger the Free Games. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature: Any combination of 6 or more Gold Coin and Dwarf symbols in any position triggers the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . At the beginning of the feature, all triggering Gold Coin and Dwarf symbols are held in place. Each Gold Coin symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will display a cash prize of 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x or 50x total bet. 6 additional symbol rows are added. All symbol positions on the 5 additional rows are covered with stone. The 6th additional bottom row is occupied by Treasure Chests. At the beginning of the feature, 3 respins are awarded. Each uncovered symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new active symbols on an uncovered symbol position, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. Active symbols include Gold Coin , Dwarf , and Goblin . Any Dwarf symbols that participated in the feature trigger or that land during the respins, will remove 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 stone-covers from symbol positions below them on their symbol column. If a Dwarf symbol lands above a Treasure Chest, and there are no stone-covered symbol positions in the symbol column below it, the Chest at the bottom of the column will open to reveal an award of the GRAND (total bet x 2000), MAJOR , MINOR or MINI prize. After a Dwarf symbol's action is performed, it will transform into a Blue & Gold Coin symbol with a prize value of 1x total bet. Any Goblin symbols that land during the respins will add 1, 2 or 3 Gold Nuggets . The Goblin symbol will then transform into a Blue & Gold Coin symbol with a prize value of 1x total bet. Gold Nuggets added by a Goblin symbol will occupy a randomly selected, covered symbol position. If a Dwarf uncovers a Gold Nugget position, the Gold Nugget will reveal a prize of 10x, 15x, MINI , MINOR or MAJOR . Each Treasure Chest prize can only be won once per feature. When all 3 respins have been used or when all available symbol positions have been filled, the respins will be complete. All prizes displayed on unlocked symbol positions will be awarded, and the feature will end. Any held Star icon will transform to award the MAJOR , MINOR or MINI prize. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.44%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/5/2025