Gold Trio: Santa Surprise 5-reel, 30-lines slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to open the pop-up menu. Press the lightning bolt button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the Autoplay button, use the slider to select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Wild Symbol: The golden bell with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Coin symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Coloured Coin Symbols: There are 3 Coloured Coin symbols in the game: Blue Coin, Purple Coin and Green Coin. Any combination of 1, 2 or all 3 Coloured Coins landing in the main game can increase the amount of gold in the respective pot and randomly trigger the Gold Trio Respins feature. The more gold in the pot, the higher the chances of triggering respins with those Coloured Coins. When the Gold Trio Respins feature is triggered via using the BUY FEATURE option, the respective pots will be in the same state as they were in the main game after the feature is complete. Multiple Coloured Coins can land on the reels simultaneously. Only 1 Coloured Coin can land per reel. Mystery Prize Coin: The symbol with the diamond on it is the Mystery Prize Coin symbol. When landed on the reels, the Mystery Prize Coin symbol awards a MINI, MINOR, or MAJOR cash prize: MINI prize value = total bet x 10; MINOR prize value = total bet x 20; MAJOR prize value = total bet x 50. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Mystery Prize Coin symbols appear during Gold Trio Respins only. Santa Feature: On any spin during the main game, Santa may randomly add WILD symbols or Coloured Coins to the reels increasing the chance to trigger the Gold Trio Respins feature. On any spin during the Gold Trio Respins feature, Santa may randomly upgrade a cash coin on the reels to: a cash coin with a higher value (4× or 5× the coin value); a Mystery Prize Coin; an active Coloured Coin. Gold Trio Respins Feature: When any Coloured Coin lands on the reels in the main game, the Gold Trio Respins can randomly trigger. Only the Coloured Coins that appear in the pop-up have triggered the feature. Press ► when the pop-up appears to start the feature. Note: Pot states may appear lower than they actually are during the Gold Trio Respins feature. Any Coloured Coins that triggered the feature will lock on the reels. Only 1 coin per colour is transferred to the feature. Only cash coins, Mystery Prize Coins, and all types of Coloured Coins can land on reels during Gold Trio Respins. Note: Coloured Coins that did not trigger the feature can land and trigger more pots. During the feature, if the amount of gold increases in the respective pot but it is not triggered, the state of this pot is transferred to the main game. Gold Trio Respins start with 5 coins on reels, including any Coloured Coins that triggered the feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position will spin independently. At the beginning of the feature, the triggering Coloured Coins trigger their respective ability: The Blue Coin will expand the reels by 1 row (can expand the reels up to a maximum of 8 rows), and then transform into cash coin; The Purple Coin will multiply the values of all coins present on the reels on the same spin by ×2, and then transform into cash coin; The Green Coin will gain a value equal to the sum of all coins locked on the reels on the same spin it landed. After each respin, if 1 or more new coin symbols land, they will lock in place, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. During Gold Trio Respins, Coloured Coins will trigger their respective abilities when they land. During Gold Trio Respins, multiple Coloured Coins and Mystery Prize Coins can land on the reels. Note: cash coins contain values of 0.25x, 0.5x, 0.75x, 1x, 1.25x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x multiplied by total bet. Gold Trio Respins end when the spins counter reaches 0 or the reels are filled with coins. The GRAND prize is awarded if the grid is filled with coins during Gold Trio Respins. The GRAND prize value = total bet x 1000. When the Gold Trio Respins feature ends, all prizes in view are awarded. The results pop-up window appears when the Gold Trio Respins feature ends. Press ► to return to the main game. BUY FEATURE Buy Feature is an optional way to manually trigger the Gold Trio Respins. The feature price is displayed in the Buy Feature menu. The feature price depends on the bet amount. The Buy Feature button is located to the left of the reels. Press the Buy Feature button to open the menu. Press - or + to choose the feature price and then press the BUY NOW button. Note: The + button may be disabled if the feature price is exceeded. The Gold Trio Respins feature will start with 1, 2 or 3 pots of Coloured Coins triggered. Note: The Buy Feature button may be disabled if buying the feature will exceed the maximum total bet. If you do not want to buy a feature, press the Χ button. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 93.93%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) in the base game is 93.92%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/16/2025