Age of the Gods Furious 4 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Age of the Gods™: Furious 4 is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. You can choose paylines and line bet on the Bet Options panel below the reels. Click '−' or '+' under the BET LINE to choose the line bet. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games are triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Circular 4 symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except for the SCATTER symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The Throne is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. The Free Games feature cannot be re-triggered during free games. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger the Free Games. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the FREE GAMES . During Free Games the 4 god symbols can appear stacked on reel 3. During Free Games, the Furious 4 features can be triggered. If a stack of matching god symbols fills reel 3 entirely, that god's Furious 4 feature is triggered. Furious 4 features cannot be triggered during a Furious 4 feature. AGE OF LIGHT FEATURE If stacked Apollo symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games, the Age of Light feature will be triggered. When the Age of Light feature is triggered, 4 extra Free Games with Apollo as EXPANDING WILD are awarded and played immediately. Whenever an Apollo symbol lands on the reels during these 4 extra Free Games, it will expand, covering every position on that reel. The Apollo EXPANDING WILD will substitute for any symbol except for WILD and SCATTER to make the best possible winning combination. After the 4 extra Free Games in the Age of Light feature are played, the normal Free Games feature resumes. AGE OF CURIOSITY FEATURE If stacked Pandora symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games, the Age of Curiosity feature will be triggered. When the Age of Curiosity feature is triggered, a cash prize equal to the current total bet is awarded and 4 extra Free Games with a win multiplier are awarded and played immediately. The Win multiplier starts at x1. Whenever a Pandora symbol lands on the reels during these 4 extra Free Games, it will increase the win multiplier by +1. If more than 1 Pandora symbol lands, the win multiplier will be increased by +1 regardless of the number of Pandora symbols that land. The win multiplier can reach a maximum of x5. When the 4 extra Free Games of the Age of Curiosity feature end, all winnings accumulated during the feature (including the cash prize equal to the current total bet) are multiplied by the win multiplier. After the 4 extra Free Games in the Age of Curiosity feature are played, the normal Free Games feature resumes. AGE OF FIRE FEATURE If stacked Hephaestus symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games, the Age of Fire feature will be triggered. When the Age of Fire feature is triggered, 4 extra Free Games with Hephaestus symbols covering the entire first reel are awarded and played immediately. During the Age of Fire feature, every symbol on reel 1 is considered a Hephaestus symbol and that reel does not spin. The other 4 reels spin normally, with additional Hephaestus symbols . Apollo, Pandora and Atlas symbols are removed from the reels. After the 4 extra Free Games in the Age of Fire feature are played, the normal Free Games feature resumes. AGE OF ENDURANCE FEATURE If stacked Atlas symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games, the Age of Endurance feature will be triggered. When the Age of Endurance feature is triggered, 3 extra Free Games with freezing Atlas Wild symbols are awarded and played immediately. Whenever an Atlas symbol lands on the reels during these 3 extra Free Games, it will freeze in place for every spin in the Age of Endurance feature. Frozen Atlas symbols will act as WILD symbols, substituting for any other symbol except for WILD and SCATTER to make the best possible winning combination. After the 3 extra Free Games in the Age of Endurance feature are played, any frozen Atlas WILD symbols are removed from the reels and the normal Free Games feature resumes. During Free Games, the reels are spun automatically. The Free Games Win box to the upper right of the game window shows the accumulated free games you have won. The number of free spins remaining is shown in the Spins Left box to the upper left of the game window. After all Free Games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free games) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Power: €50 Extra Power: €500 Super Power: €5,000 Ultimate Power: €100,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Clicking on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 second). If the player fails to find three matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.87% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.88%. Both include Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020