Age Of Egypt 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Age of Egypt is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Paylines and the line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '–' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '−' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button and click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During the Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP . Click this STOP button to stop the Autoplay session. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Anubis Bonus or the Royal Treasury Free Games feature is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Sphinx symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The Pharaoh Queen symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline to form a win. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels simultaneously, 10 Royal Treasury Free Games are triggered with a X3 win multiplier. The multiplier is applied to all wins in free games but is not applied to wins in the Anubis Bonus game. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more SCATTER symbols appearing in any position in the spin results. The payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. SCATTER symbols can appear both during the main game and during free games. BONUS SYMBOL The Anubis symbol is the BONUS symbol in the game. When 3 or more BONUS symbols appear consecutively on an active payline, starting from the leftmost reel, the Anubis Bonus is triggered. BONUS symbols can appear both during the main game and during free games. ANUBIS BONUS 3 or more BONUS symbols appearing consecutively on an active payline, starting from the leftmost reel, trigger the Anubis Bonus. To start the Anubis Bonus round, click on CLICK TO START . In the Anubis Bonus, you are prompted to pick 3, 4 or 5 artifacts out of the 6 that are displayed. The number of picks you receive is equal to the number of BONUS symbols that triggered the Anubis Bonus. Clicking on an artifact will award a cash prize. At the end of the Bonus game, a win screen displays your winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the regular slot reels. The cash payout in the Bonus game depends on the line bet of the payline that triggered the Anubis Bonus. ROYAL TREASURY FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Royal Treasury Free Games with a X3 win multiplier applied to all wins. The multiplier is applied to all wins in free games but is not applied to wins in the Anubis Bonus game. During free games the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Free Games feature. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during Royal Treasury Free Games, 10 additional free games are awarded with the same win multiplier. More free games can be retriggered in this way indefinitely. After all free games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that triggered the Free Games feature. Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during free games. Total Win shows the sum of the Game Win and the Feature Win. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97 . 05 %. Last modification date: 12/29/2021