Baccarat We offer six-deck Baccarat. If you are not familiar with Baccarat, proceed straight to the "Baccarat Rules" section. To play the game: Click on a chip of desired value to select it. Click on the Player, Banker or Tie areas on the table to place your bet there. Every click increases the bet by the value of the selected chip. Select another chip if you wish to increase the bet by some other amount. You can place several chips into several areas at the same time. In addition to regular Baccarat bets, the game includes side bets. click on the Player Pair, Banker Pair, Perfect Pair, Either Pair, Big and Small areas on the table to place your bet there. A description of each side bet can be found in the "Side Bets" section below. The minimum and maximum bet limits for each bet position are personalised to your account. Open the paytable from the menu to see the limits. If you wish to clear the table of all bets and start over, click CLEAR BETS. When you have placed your bets, click the DEAL button. Cards are now dealt to the player and the banker according to Baccarat rules, and the game result is displayed. If you wish to play again, place your bets as described above and click DEAL. You can also click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round or REBET & DEAL to place the same bets and have the cards dealt. You can see the results (Banker, Player or Tie) of the last 59 rounds by clicking the HISTORY button at the bottom of the screen. Buttons: Deal – Deal the cards. Clear Bets – Remove all bets from the table. Rebet – Place the same bets as in the previous round. Rebet & Deal – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. Baccarat Rules The object of Baccarat is to obtain a hand with a point total closest to 9. Aces count as one; 2 through 9 as their face value; tens and picture cards count as zero. If the value of the hand is a two-digit number, ignore the first digit. The last digit is the Baccarat point value of the hand. For example: 7+6=13=3 and 4+6=10=0. Place your wager on the Banker hand and/or on the Player hand and/or on a Tie. Player and Banker are then each dealt a two-card hand. In certain cases, a third card is dealt to Player or Banker, or both (see the "Third Card Rules" section). Cards are dealt from a shoe that holds 6 decks of cards. The decks are shuffled each round. The hand closest to 9 wins. If you bet on the Player hand and the Player wins, you are paid according to the paytable. If you bet on the Banker hand and the Banker wins, bank commission of 5% (vigorish) is deducted from your winnings. If both the Player hand and the Banker hand have equal totals, the game result is a ‛tie’. Non-tie bets are returned to you (shown as a ‛Push’) if a tie occurs. Side bets A side bet is a wager you can make beyond the regular game bets on Player, Banker or Tie. The following is a description of the available side bets: The Player Pair, Banker Pair side bets win according to the payout table if the first two cards dealt to the respective hand form any pair on that hand, for example a 5 of Spades and a 5 of Diamonds. The Either Pair side bet wins according to the payout table if the first two cards on either the Banker or the Player hand (or both) form any pair on that hand. The Perfect Pair side bet wins according to the payout table if the first two Player or Banker cards form a pair of the same suit, for example a pair of 7 of Diamonds. The Big side bet wins according to the payout table if the total number of cards dealt between Player and Banker is 5 or 6. The Small side bet wins according to the payout table if the total number of cards dealt between Player and Banker is 4. The side bet is not associated with the regular game bets. You can wager a regular game bet on the Player position but a side bet on the Banker Pair, and vice versa. You can also place side bets without placing any regular bets. Third Card Rules The following Baccarat rule chart governs when Player and/or Banker will be automatically dealt (i.e. "draws") a third card in the Baccarat game: Player Point value of Player's first two cards: Action: 0 – 1 – 2 – 3 – 4 – 5 Draws a card. 6 – 7 Stands. Banker If Player stands, then Banker hits on a total of 5 or less. If Player does hit, then use the table below to determine if Banker hits or stands. Point value of Banker's first two cards: Draws when the point value of Player’s third card is: Does not draw when the point value of Player’s third card is: 0-1-2 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9 3 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9 8 4 2-3-4-5-6-7 0-1-8-9 5 4-5-6-7 0-1-2-3-8-9 6 6-7 0-1-2-3-4-5-8-9 7 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9 Important note: If either Player or Banker has a total of 8 or 9, they both stand. This rule overrides all other rules. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of a game while playing for Real Money, please re-establish your Internet connection and log back into the casino. If you wish to check the results of old games, or find additional details about recent games, you can do so via the desktop version of the casino. Use your regular username and password to log in to the desktop version. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) in Baccarat differs across bet types: Bet Type Pays RTP Banker 0.95:1 98.94% Player 1:1 98.76% Tie 8:1 85.56% Player Pair / Banker Pair 11:1 88.75% Perfect Pair 25:1 82.93% Either Pair 5:1 85.46% Big 0.54:1 95.65% Small 1.5:1 94.73%