Murder Mystery 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of Murder Mystery™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click Don’t show next time if you want to skip this screen in future. This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 40. The total bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel at the bottom of the screen. Click '−' or '+' under TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button or pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to see the Autoplay options. Select the number of auto spins. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into the STOP AUTOPLAY button. The feature select screen opens automatically. To enter a Free Games round, click on the CONTINUE button. After the feature ends, clicking the OK button on the winnings summary screen returns you to the main game or continues Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu or by clicking on the INFO button. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The symbol with the WILD text on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except for SCATTER symbols. The WILD symbol is stacked on all reels during the main game, Wild Spins , Reveal Spins and Multi Spins . There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. SCATTER SYMBOL The Detective symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the feature select screen is triggered, offering a choice of 4 features: Wild Spins , Reveal Spins , Clue Hunt , and Multi Spins . MURDER SPINS FEATURE The Murder Spins feature can be triggered on any spin in the main game or Multi Spins . The feature consists of 2 spins: Weapon Spin and Murderer Spin . Both spins guarantee a win. Weapon Spin Your spin reveals the murder weapon. During the spin up to 12 symbols with question marks appear in random positions on reels #1-3. These symbols transform into 1 of the 3 high-win murder weapon symbols. The murder weapon symbol is then displayed and the wins for the spin are counted up. Murderer Spin The reels are then spun again for free to reveal the murderer. During the free spin up to 12 symbols with questions marks appear in random positions on reels #1-3. These symbols transform into 1 of the 3 high-win suspect symbols. The suspect symbol is then displayed and the wins for the spin are counted up. When both spins are complete, the murder weapon and suspect symbols are displayed along with the total win for both spins. FEATURE SELECT 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Feature Select Screen. Click on 1 of the 4 features to play the chosen feature: Wild Spins Reveal Spins Clue Hunt Multi Spins WILD SPINS FEATURE 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger 12 or more free games: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 12 free games; 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 16 free games; 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games. Click CONTINUE on the intro message to begin the feature. During Wild Spins the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the FREE GAMES WON field to the right below the reels. The number of free games remaining is displayed in the FREE GAMES LEFT field to the left below the reels. On each spin, 2 overlay WILD symbols appear on reels #1-3. Wild Spins cannot be retriggered; there are no SCATTER symbols on the reels in this feature. When the feature is over, click OK on the win summary to return to the main game reels. REVEAL SPINS FEATURE 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger 6 or more free games: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 6 free games; 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games; 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 12 free games. Click CONTINUE on the intro message to begin the feature. During Reveal Spins the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the FREE GAMES WON field to the right below the reels. The number of free games remaining is displayed in the FREE GAMES LEFT field to the left below the reels. On each spin, up to 12 symbols with question marks appear on reels #1-3. All these symbols transform into 1 of the 6 high-win symbols or the WILD symbol. Reveal Spins cannot be retriggered; there are no SCATTER symbols on the reels in this feature. When the feature is over, click OK on the win summary to return to the main game reels. CLUE HUNT FEATURE In Clue Hunt you will be presented with a screen showing 12 question marks. Pick question marks to reveal murder weapons. Each murder weapon awards a cash prize. There are 3 types of murder weapon: Poison bottle awards 1x total bet; Knife awards 3x total bet; Gun awards 6x total bet. Continue to pick question marks until a puff of smoke is revealed, indicating the end of the pick round. When you have made your final pick, the total cash prize for each murder weapon is multiplied by up to 10x. Alternatively, clicking SKIP in the top right corner will make all the choices for you and instantly award the total cash prize for the feature. MULTI SPINS FEATURE 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger 12 or more free games: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 12 free games; 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 16 free games; 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games. Click CONTINUE on the intro message to begin the feature. During Multi Spins the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the FREE GAMES WON field to the right below the reels. The number of free games remaining is displayed in the FREE GAMES LEFT field to the left below the reels. In Multi Spins , all wins are multiplied by 3x and the Murder Spins feature can be triggered on any spin. Multi Spins can be retriggered if 2 or more SCATTER symbols appear during the free games: 2 SCATTER symbols trigger 3 free games; 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 12 free games; 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 16 free games; 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games. When the feature is over, click OK on the win summary to return to the main game reels. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the INFO button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at either side of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. The High and Low Win Symbols screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature Symbols screen explains the behavior of the special symbols in the game. The Murder Spins screen explains the behavior of the Murder Spins feature. The Feature Select screen explains the behavior of the features in the game and how to trigger them. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking X on the lower left-hand corner of the dialogue window exits the INFO screen and returns to the game. Buttons INFO - Opens the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the total bet. Spin - Spins the reels. Stop - Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Autoplay / Stop - Spins the reels a number of times in succession. / Ends the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 46 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 53 %. Last modification date: 3/23/2021