Kong the 8th Wonder of the World 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Kong: The 8th Wonder of the World™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. JUNGLE MODE AND BIG CITY MODE The game Kong: The 8th Wonder of the World™ is played in two modes — Jungle mode and Big City mode. In each of the two modes, the symbols change visually, but the paytable remains the same. Both modes include a Respins feature and a Bonus round. After the Bonus round has been played in one of the modes, the game automatically switches to the other mode. By default, the game begins in Jungle mode. In Jungle mode, the Wild Jungle Respins feature and the Skull Island Bonus can be triggered. Exiting Skull Island Bonus starts Big City mode. In Big City mode, the Wild Kong Respins feature and the City Tower Bonus can be triggered. Exiting City Tower Bonus starts Jungle mode. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER ) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). 3 or more WILD symbols simultaneously in any position on the reels during Jungle mode trigger the Wild Jungle Respins feature. 3 or more WILD symbols simultaneously in any position on the reels during Big City mode trigger the Wild Kong Respins feature. WILD JUNGLE RESPINS FEATURE If 3 or more WILD symbols appear in any position on the reels during Jungle mode, the Wild Jungle Respins feature is triggered. You are awarded 3 free respins during which more WILD symbols are added to the reels, and every time a WILD symbol appears, it remains frozen until the feature ends. During the free respins, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the feature. The Skull Island Bonus and the Wild Jungle Respins feature cannot be triggered during the respins. WILD KONG RESPINS FEATURE If 3 or more WILD symbols appear in any position on the reels during Big City mode, the Wild Kong Respins feature is triggered. You are awarded 3 free respins. In the first respin, all symbols on reels #1 and #5 are WILD . In the second respin, all symbols on reels #2 and #4 are WILD . In the third respin, all symbols on reels #1, #3 and #5 are WILD . The rest of the reels spin regularly. During the free respins, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the feature. The City Tower Bonus and the Wild Kong Respins feature cannot be triggered during the respins. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position on the reels during Jungle mode trigger the Skull Island Bonus. 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position on the reels during Big City mode trigger the City Tower Bonus. SKULL ISLAND BONUS If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels during Jungle mode, the Skull Island Bonus is triggered. To start the Skull Island Bonus round, click the Play button. In the Skull Island Bonus, you are presented a map with 13 locations. Click on a location to uncover 1 out of 3 creatures or King Kong. Play until you uncover 3 creatures of the same kind or until you find 1 King Kong. Each creature is worth a different cash prize which is a multiple of the total bet of the spin that triggered the Skull Island Bonus (X10, X15 or X20 for creatures or X30 for King Kong). The maximum total amount that can be won from the Skull Island Bonus is 30 times the total bet of the spin that triggered the feature. At the end of the Skull Island Bonus, a win screen displays your winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game where gameplay resumes in Big City mode. CITY TOWER BONUS If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels during Big City mode, the City Tower Bonus is triggered. To start the City Tower Bonus round, click the Play button. In the City Tower Bonus, King Kong is on top of a high city tower with planes flying around him. Click 1 out of 3 arrows on 3 separate occasions to take down the plane coming from that direction. Each selection wins a cash prize which is a multiple of the total bet of the spin that triggered the City Tower Bonus (from X1 to X8). Taking down 3 planes ends the City Tower Bonus. The maximum total amount that can be won from the City Tower Bonus is 23 times the total bet of the spin that triggered the feature. At the end of the City Tower Bonus, a win screen displays your winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game where gameplay resumes in Jungle mode. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.50%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020