Wu Long 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Wu Long™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games round is triggered. Click the BET MAX button to spin the reels with the maximum number of paylines Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during main game trigger the Dragon's Free Games round. The SCATTER symbol can also act as a wildcard and stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. For example, if there are 5 SCATTER symbols along an active payline, you get 2 payouts: 1 for the combination of 5 SCATTER symbols, and the other for 5 Chinese Gate symbols as this combination would have the highest payout, as can be seen in the Paytable. DRAGON'S FREE GAMES 12 Dragon's Free Games with initial multiplier of x1 are triggered if there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game. To start the Free Games, click the PLAY button. Whenever the SCATTER symbol appears anywhere on the reels, it increases the multiplier and/or awards additional Free Games, as follows: Trigger Multiplier Free Games 1x SCATTER Multiplier increases from x1 to x2, or from x2 to x4, or from x4 to x6. - 2x SCATTER Multiplier increases from x1 to x4, or from x2 or x4 to x6. Awards 2 additional Free Games. 3x SCATTER Multiplier increases to x6 regardless of its current value. Awards 4 additional Free Games. 4x SCATTER Multiplier increases to x6 regardless of its current value. Awards 8 additional Free Games. 5x SCATTER Multiplier increases to x6 regardless of its current value. Awards 12 additional Free Games. More Free Games can be won this way indefinitely. Please note: The multiplier applies to the current spin. If there are no SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the multiplier will go down by 1 step. For example, if your multiplier for the current spin is x6, but there are no SCATTER symbols on the reels after the following spin, a multiplier of x4 will apply to that spin, and the multiplier will continue to decrease until SCATTER symbols appear on the reels again. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) depends on the number of lines played and ranges from 93.96% to 94.13%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020