Kingdoms Rise Forbidden Forest 576-ways slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Don’t show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Spins on the main reels are played with 576 Ways to Win. Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin bet. Coin value is total bet divided by 10. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE, which will spin the reels until the Owl Respins or Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Feature and symbol payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with 576 ways to win. The total bet per game round is the coin value × 10. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The green crystal with a tree on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol cannot land on reel 1 during the main game and Owl Respins feature. Scatter Symbol: The gold owl mask is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Landing 1, 2 or 3 SCATTER symbols on the reels triggers the Owl Respins feature. The SCATTER symbol cannot land on reel 1 during the main game and Owl Respins feature. Owl Respins Feature 1, 2 or 3 SCATTER symbols on reels during the main game trigger the Owl Respins feature: 1 SCATTER symbol awards 2 respins; 2 SCATTER symbols award 4 respins; 3 SCATTER symbols award 12 respins. To start the Owl Respins Feature , press the Click to Start button. During the Owl Respins feature the SCATTER symbols transforms into roaming WILD symbols and can shift positions on reels on each respin. Note : WILD symbols cannot land on reel 1 during the Owl Respins feature. During the Owl Respins feature, an additional FEATHER symbol may land on reel 3 only and award 2 additional respins. Note : The FEATHER symbol can land on the roaming WILD symbol and trigger extra respins. Note : If 3 SCATTER symbols triggered the Owl Respins feature, and the last respin is played, press CONTINUE on the resulting pop-up message to return to the main game. Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Once you have won 500 Pending Game Tokens they are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance is shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Please note, if you do not use your Game Tokens within 6 months of receiving them, they will expire. Please note, Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are not won from stakes using bonus money except in cases where the Casino permits it. Please refer to any bonus rules hosted by the Casino for further information. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Each feature is unique to a specific game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relates to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. The Night Owl Feature The Night Owl feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . There are 3 different types of the feature available: For 300 Game Tokens, you can purchase 3 initial respins, with a stack of 2 SCATTER symbols, 2 symbols high. The stack of 2 SCATTER symbols behave as WILD symbols that move and land randomly anywhere on the reels, except reel 1. If a FEATHER symbol lands on reel 3, up to 2 extra respins are awarded. For 750 Game Tokens, you can purchase 3 initial respins with a stack of 3 SCATTER symbols, 3 symbols high. The stack of 3 SCATTER symbols behave as WILD symbols that move and land randomly anywhere on the reels, except reel 1. If a FEATHER symbol lands on reel 3, up to 4 extra respins are awarded. For 1,500 Game Tokens, you can purchase 3 initial respins with 2 stacks of 2 SCATTER symbols, 2 symbols high. The stack of 2 SCATTER symbols behave as WILD symbols that move and land randomly anywhere on the reels, except reel 1. If a FEATHER symbol lands on reel 3, up to 4 extra respins are awarded. Note : The 2 stacks of WILD symbols cannot land on the same reel. Note : A FEATHER symbol can land behind roaming WILD symbol if it landed on reel 3. When the last respin is played, the The Night Owl feature ends, and the results pop-up window appears on the screen. Pressing the CONTINUE button returns you to the Kingdoms Rise™ – Forbidden Forest main game. Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without using Game Tokens is 92.00%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 3.00%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 95.55%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020