Age of the Gods Fate Sisters 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Age of the Gods™ Fate Sisters is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Paylines and the line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Sister's Gift Feature or Fate's Portal Free Games Feature is triggered. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is represented by the golden Greek coin. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER ) to make the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol is represented by the Portal. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Fates’ Portal Free Games are triggered. SISTERS’ GIFT FEATURE The Sisters’ Gift feature is triggered whenever Lachesis symbol appears on the reel 1, Clotho symbol appears on the reel 3 and Atropos symbol appears on the reel 5 simultaneously. During this feature 1 re-spin is granted with the three Fate Sisters symbols locked in their positions. Fate Sisters symbols act as SCATTER symbols during the Sisters’ Gift feature. 2 or more matching Fate Sisters symbols on the reels award a payout during the Sisters’ Gift feature. Free games cannot be triggered during this feature. The Sisters’ Gift feature can be triggered during the main game only. FATES’ PORTAL FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols on any reel positions during the main game trigger the Fates’ Portal Free Games . Click the PLAY button to begin the feature. At the start of the feature pick 1 of the 3 modes: Atropos’s Temple, Lachesis’s Temple or Clotho’s Temple. In Atropos’s Temple mode 15 free games with a dynamic multiplier are awarded. Free games start with a random win multiplier from x2 to x5. For every spin result in which the Atropos symbol lands anywhere on reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 the multiplier increases by 1. When the Atropos symbol does not land on reels 1, 2, 4 or 5 in a spin result the multiplier decreases by 1. The multiplier will never fall below x2 and will never rise higher than x5. When the Atropos symbol lands anywhere on reel 3, 3 more free games are awarded. In Lachesis’s Temple mode 10 free games with locking WILD symbols are awarded. Whenever a WILD symbol lands on the reels it is locked for the next 3 games. If another WILD symbol lands behind a locked WILD symbol, the locked WILD symbol will be relocked for another 3 games. SCATTER symbols landing behind the locked WILD symbols award payouts in accordance with the paytable. When the Lachesis symbol lands anywhere on reel 3, 3 more free games are awarded. In Clotho’s Temple mode 8 free games with random WILD symbols are awarded. During each spin 3 WILD symbols are randomly placed on the reels. SCATTER symbols landing behind the WILD symbols are paid according to the Paytable. When the Clotho symbol lands anywhere on reel 3, 3 more free games are awarded. If Clotho symbol lands behind the random WILD symbol on reel 3, extra 3 free games are awarded as well. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Power: €50 Extra Power: €500 Super Power: €5,000 Ultimate Power: €100,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Clicking on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 second). If the player fails to find three matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 92 . 95 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93 . 02 %. Both include Jackpot Contribution of 0 . 99 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020