Galactic Streak 4-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Galactic Streak™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. Click '−' or '+' under LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet.Clicking the SPIN button for the second time ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Autoplay mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into the STOP button. Click the STOP button to stop the Auto Play mode. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Galactic Free Games feature is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the SPIN button. After the end of the feature, click the CONTINUE button on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). Clicking on a symbol on the reels during the main game (when the reels are static) will open a pop-up message that shows the payout values. When clicking on a WILD symbol, the pop-up message describes the symbol's behaviour. More information about the WILD symbol can be found below. When clicking on a SCATTER symbol, the pop-up message describes the symbol’s behaviour. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the i button or via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is the Sun symbol. WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol, except the SCATTER symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. When the WILD symbol lands anywhere on the reels during the main game and Free Games, it locks in place for 1 extra spin. SCATTER SYMBOL The Galaxy symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, 10 Galactic Free Games are triggered. When 2 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the same main game spin, they add win multipliers to their reel positions or increase the win multipliers on their positions by 1 (if win multipliers were already present). Note: any win multipliers with 10X values will not increase: a win multiplier cannot exceed 10X). ORBIT FEATURE Reel positions that participate in a win each gain a win multiplier. Each win multiplier starts at 2X and has a spin counter that starts at 3. The spin counter decreases by 1 each spin. A win multiplier disappears when its spin counter reaches 0. A winning combination that lands on a win multiplier will be multiplied by the win multiplier value (X2 – X10). The winning combination will also cause the win multiplier to increase by 1 (unless the win multiplier has reached 10X) and cause the spin counter for the win multiplier to reset to 3. When a winning combination lands on 2 or more win multipliers, the sum of the win multipliers is applied to the win. For example, a winning combination that lands on a 2X win multiplier and a 6X multiplier will be multiplied by 8. Note: win multipliers and WILD symbols are saved per line bet. Changing the line bet will remove the multipliers and WILD symbols on the reels. Reverting to the original line bet will cause the multipliers and WILD symbols to reappear. GALACTIC FREE GAMES Landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game triggers 10 Galactic Free Games . All win multipliers from the main game are carried over to the Free Games reels and their spin counters are frozen for the duration of the feature: the win multipliers will stay on the reels for all free games. Any new win multipliers created during the feature will also have frozen spin counters for the duration of the feature. These win multipliers will carry over to the main game after the feature ends, where they will gain spin counters that start at 3. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the paytable of the game. Click the BACK button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking the i button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the left/right side of the info screen enables navigation between the different info screens. The Payouts , Features and Paylines screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking Back button exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons i - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Line Bet – Increase or decrease the line bet by clicking the “+” or “−” buttons. Auto Play / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.95%. Last modification date: 11/3/2021