Plenty O' Fortune 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Plenty O’Fortune™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Paylines and the line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the BET/LINE to choose the line bet. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. Reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Auto play function. During the Auto play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into STOP. Click the STOP button to stop Auto play mode. To enter the triggered feature, click the START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol except the 3 Bonus symbols (LEPRECHAUN, WISHING WELL, POT OF GOLD) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). BONUS SYMBOLS There are 3 Bonus symbols in the game: LEPRECHAUN, WISHING WELL and POT OF GOLD. The LEPRECHAUN symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. If LEPRECHAUN symbols appear simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4 after a main game spin, the Free Games round is triggered and you are awarded 12 Free Games. If 3 or more WISHING WELL symbols appear anywhere on the reels simultaneously after a main game spin, the Wishing Well Bonus is triggered. If 3 or more POT OF GOLD symbols appear anywhere on the reels simultaneously after a main game spin, the End of the Rainbow Bonus is triggered. WISHING WELL BONUS The Wishing Well Bonus is triggered when there are 3 or more WISHING WELL symbols on the reels. The leprechaun comes into sight and starts collecting coins that pour out from the WISHING WELL symbols. Your total cash prize from the current bonus round is being counted in a field on top of the reels. The more WISHING WELL symbols trigger the feature, the higher your bonus prize. The End of the Rainbow Bonus and the Free Games Bonus cannot be triggered during the Wishing Well Bonus. END OF THE RAINBOW BONUS On the way to a mountain top where the big pot of gold awaits you, there is a winding path of little pots of gold. At every turn of the path you have to pick a pot by clicking it. Each pot stands for either a cash prize or the Collect option. If you reach the final part of the path and win the last cash prize, you will be automatically awarded the big bonus prize for successfully getting to the big pot of gold. If the Collect option is revealed, you will still get a cash prize, but the bonus round will end. The more POT OF GOLD symbols trigger the feature, the higher your average bonus prize. If 4 POT OF GOLD symbols trigger the End of the Rainbow Bonus, your average prize will be twice as high. If 5 POT OF GOLD symbols trigger the End of the Rainbow Bonus, your average prize will be 10 times as high. The Wishing Well Bonus and the Free Games Bonus cannot be triggered during the End of the Rainbow Bonus. At the end of the bonus game, a win screen summarizes your winnings. FREE GAMES The Free Games feature is triggered when LEPRECHAUN symbols appear simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4. During Free Games, special coin symbols are added to the reels. Each coin symbol appearing anywhere on the reels awards a cash prize: Special Coin Symbol Cash Prize Golden coin 5X Total bet Silver coin 2X Total bet Bronze coin 1X Total bet The Wishing Well Bonus, the End of the Rainbow Bonus and the Free Games Bonus cannot be triggered during Free Games. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games. After all Free Games have been completed, a win screen summarizes your winnings. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money -This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel. The top toolbar contains the following Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Auto Play / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 91.95%. Last modification date: 9/14/2021