Diamond Rise 3-reel 3-line slot The objective of the Diamond Rise™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 3. The total bet is equal to 1x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by flashing symbols appearing in a row and matching line win combinations illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol only appears on reel 2. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Diamond . 3 Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Diamond Rise Feature . The Scatter symbol on reel 3 may appear with a X2, X3 or X5 multiplier on the symbol. Diamond Rise Feature: When 3 Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Diamond Rise Feature is triggered. At the beginning of the feature 6 cup multipliers are displayed – x4, x2, x1, x1, x2, x4. Each cup multiplier is attached to a cup at the bottom of a triangle made from 15 pegs. If there was a multiplier on the triggering 3rd reel Scatter symbol, this will be applied to the cup multipliers at the beginning of the feature, increasing their value. 3 Diamond Balls are awarded. Press the Ball Drop button to drop a blue ball onto the peg triangle. The ball will bounce through the peg triangle and land in one of the 6 cups. The cup’s multiplier will be added to the feature tally. If the ball hits a blue peg on the way down, an extra ball will be awarded. If a blue ball hits a gold peg on the way down, it will turn into a pink ball. Pink balls increase the value of the cup they land in by x2. If a pink ball hits a gold peg on the way down, it will turn into a gold ball. Gold balls increase the value of the cup they land in by x4. A blue peg can only add one extra ball per ball drop. A gold peg can only improve a ball once per ball drop. When all balls have been dropped, the tally value will be awarded to the player and the feature will end. Player's action have no impact on the outcome of the feature. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.95%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/6/2024