Luminous Life 5-Reel 243-Way Slot The objective of Luminous Life™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win. Your coin value per game round is the total bet / 40. Choose your total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons below TOTAL BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the LUMINOUS WILDS FREE GAMES feature or LUMINOUS GRAND PRIZE is triggered. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into a smaller STOP button. Click this smaller STOP button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CONTINUE button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. The paytable can be accessed via the i button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Coin value = total bet / 40. All payouts are the Coin Value multiplied by the value for the win as listed on the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL WAYS FEATURE There is a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win on every spin. 5 WILD symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. 3 or more matching symbols (other than WILD ) appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will also form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 5 WILD symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the FREE GAMES symbol. 3-14 SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during a main game spin trigger LUMINOUS WILDS FREE GAMES . 15 SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during a main game spin award the LUMINOUS GRAND PRIZE , and do not trigger LUMINOUS WILDS FREE GAMES . LUMINOUS RESPIN FEATURE Any win on the reels will trigger the LUMINOUS RESPIN feature. Symbols that participate in a winning combination will stay locked in place and the reels will respin for free. Any new wins or extensions to wins created by a respin will trigger another respin with winning symbols locked in place. When a respin results in no new wins, the feature ends and the total win from the spin is awarded. LUMINOUS WILDS FREE GAMES Whenever 3-14 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels during a main game spin, 5 free games with the LUMINOUS RESPIN feature are triggered. At the beginning of the feature, all SCATTER symbols that triggered LUMINOUS WILDS FREE GAMES will turn into WILD symbols and lock to the reels for all free games. Note: the LUMINOUS WILDS FREE GAMES feature cannot be retriggered. LUMINOUS GRAND PRIZE 15 SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels during a main game spin award the LUMINOUS GRAND PRIZE . The LUMINOUS GRAND PRIZE is equal to the maximum amount it is possible to win during the Free Games feature. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info Page: Clicking i opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens. The Paytable 1 , Paytable 2 , On Reel Feature , Free Games , Grand Prize , and All Ways screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking the BACK TO GAME button exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: i - Open the Info screen that describes the different game components. Clicking BACK TO GAME exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Total Bet – Increase or decrease the Total Bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Autoplay / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reel spin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the gameplay by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.44%. Last modification date: 11/9/2021