Fluffy Favorites LuckyTap Eyecon brings you the popular LuckyTap game from DWG with a Fluffy Favorites theme. Toss the ring. Win up to 18 prizes! Trigger 10 free games when you are awarded three bonus symbols. To play the game: Toss a ring onto a bottle to win 3 to 18 of the prizes shown onscreen. If a ring does not land on a bottle, the round ends without a payout. Press - or + on the BET panel to change the total bet. Press ▶ to toss a ring. During the round the ▶ button becomes disabled. In the case of a winning round, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: Rings are tossed automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the autoplay button, select the number of rounds to be played automatically, and then press play button. During autoplay, the number of remaining rounds are displayed. Autoplay ends after the specified number of rounds, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next round, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the stop button. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the menu button ≡ and then press RULES & PAYOUTS. The paytable is scrollable. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. Payouts: Prizes are shown on the hearts displayed on the screen. Prizes contain values of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 15, 25, 40, 60, 90, 200, 500, and 1500 multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is your total bet divided by 6. The tossed ring must successfully land on a bottle to award a payout. Successfully landing a ring on a bottle will award 3 to 18 of the prizes onscreen. Prizes accumulate and are shown in the win field. Bonus Symbol: The Heart showing the word BONUS is the Bonus symbol. Multiplier Feature: A random multiplier of X2, X3, X4, X5, X6 or X7 may appear on any round that results in winning 3 to 6 prizes and multiply all cash prizes won except Bonus symbols. Free Games Feature: Win 3 Bonus symbols to trigger 10 free games. Free games are played automatically with the same bet that was placed on the round that triggered them. The Multiplier feature can trigger during Free Games. Win 3 Bonus symbols during the feature to win 10 additional free games. Free games can be retriggered an indefinite number of times. From 3 to 15 hearts can light up on a winning play. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.56%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A round, the round will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering round, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the round will be automatically completed, but further rounds will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/2/2025