Deuces Wild Multi Hand The objective of Deuces Wild™ Multi-Hand is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a winning combination. Each hand uses its own deck of cards. The better your hand, the bigger the payout. You choose how many and which of your cards are to be replaced. You may replace your cards only once. After each round, used cards are returned to the decks and the decks are shuffled. TO PLAY THE GAME Select the number of hands you wish to play with in the BET OPTION panel under cards. It is possible to select 1, 4, 10 or 25 hands. Please note that you can change the number of hands only at the beginning of the game round. Click '–' or '+' adjacent to the BET PER HAND text at the bottom left of the screen to select the size of the bet per hand. Click '–' or '+' adjacent to the HANDS text to select the number of hands you want to play. The bet size you choose is per hand. Your total bet in a game round is equal to the single bet multiplied by the chosen number of hands. The limits displayed on the left of the screen apply per game round. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. Click the HOLD button beneath a card, or on the card itself, to keep it. The game has an auto-hold feature where cards that make up a winning hand in the original deal are automatically held. To replace the cards that you did not choose to hold, click the DRAW button again. After the cards have been replaced, your cards are checked for any winning combinations. If you are playing with 4 or more hands, clicking on a single hand opens an enlarged view of the hand (provided that all cards in the hand are face up). You can try to double up the total win of the game round by clicking GAMBLE and playing the Double Up game. ABOUT PAYOUTS All winning combinations and their payouts are described in the paytable that is accessible via Menu and in the main game on the left. To find the win amounts, multiply the payout shown in the paytable by the bet placed. The lowest winning combination is Three of a Kind: 3 cards of the same kind (for example, 3 queens or 2 queens with a deuce). If you have winning combinations on multiple hands, your winnings are added together. BUTTONS DEAL DRAW - deal a new hand or replace the cards you did not hold. BET PER HAND (+ / - ) – change the value of the bet per hand. HANDS (+ / - ) – select the number of hands. HOLD – click to keep a card, click again to release the card. GAMBLE – go to the Double Up game. COLLECT – collect the win. RED – bet that the next card revealed in the Double Up game is red. BLACK - bet that the next card revealed in the Double Up game is black. DEUCES WILD In Deuces Wild, the deuces are wild: a deuce (two) stands for any card. GAMBLE If you end up with at least one winning hand, you can click GAMBLE to try and double all or half of the winnings received from the game round. In the Double Up game you will see 5 cards face down. Click the RED button or the BLACK button above the DOUBLE TO field to stake your entire win amount for a chance to double it. Click the RED button or the BLACK button above the DOUBLE HALF TO field to stake half of your win amount for a chance to double it, and deposit the other half into your balance. If your current win amount cannot be evenly divided by two, it is split into two as equally as possible. The smaller half can be used for a DOUBLE HALF TO bet while the larger half is deposited into your balance. The number in the DOUBLE HALF TO field shows the amount you could win combined with the amount deposited into your balance. Clicking RED or BLACK will reveal the first card. If the color of the revealed card matches the button you clicked, you will win double your stake. You can then click COLLECT to collect your win or click RED or BLACK to gamble again. If the revealed card does not match the button you last clicked, the win is lost and you will return to the main game. The amount you would win by doubling up is shown in the DOUBLE TO and the DOUBLE HALF TO fields, respectively. The BANK field shows the amount that you can collect. DYNAMIC PAYTABLE The winning combination of the current game round is displayed in the dynamic paytable on the left side of the screen. The dynamic paytable is color-coded, with each color representing a specific winning combination. If you have selected more than one hand to play with, a badge with the number of winning hands will appear next to the relevant combination in the dynamic paytable. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 98.91%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 9/25/2019