Kingdoms Rise Reign of Ice 5-reel 25-line slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. Wins can form on any payline. Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE, which will spin the reels until the Hammer Respins or Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Feature and symbol payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 25. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The blue crystal logo with the golden frame is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except the HAMMER WILD symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol can appear on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. Hammer Wild Symbol: The iced hammer with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the HAMMER WILD symbol. The HAMMER WILD symbol can land on reel 2 only. The HAMMER WILD symbol can stand for any symbol. If the HAMMER WILD symbol and 1 or more Ice Barbarian or Ice Valkyrie symbols land on the reels simultaneously, the Hammer Respins feature may be triggered. During Hammer Respins , the HAMMER WILD symbol appears as a golden symbol without a hammer, with the word ‘WILD’ on it. Hammer Respins Feature During the main game, if the HAMMER WILD symbol lands on reel 2, and 1 or more Ice Barbarian or Ice Valkyrie symbols land on the reels simultaneously, they each try to release the hammer from the ice. 1 HAMMER WILD can be released per Ice Barbarian or Ice Valkyrie symbol that lands on the reels, for a total of 4 HAMMER WILD symbols. The released hammers from the HAMMER WILD symbol are collected in the multiplier bar on the right top of the screen. Each hammer shown in the bar grants a ×1, ×2, ×3 and ×5 multiplier, starting from the leftmost hammer. If at least one hammer is released from the ice, the Hammer Respins feature is triggered and starts automatically. During the Hammer Respins feature, regular WILD symbols can land on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. If a regular WILD symbol lands on the reels during Hammer Respins , it freezes to the reels. When the HAMMER WILD symbol lands on reel 2 during Hammer Respins , it unfreezes all frozen regular WILD symbols on the reels, the leftmost hammer from the multiplier bar is spent, and that respin session finishes. When this happens, the HAMMER WILD becomes a multiplier WILD that multiplies wins it forms part of by the value shown on the multiplier bar. When the respin session is finished and if 1 or more hammers available in the multiplier bar and if 1 or more regular WILD symbols are on reel 3, 4 or 5, one of the regular WILD symbols will be chosen at random, frozen, and remain frozen for the next respin session. Note : If there are no regular WILD symbols on the reels at the end of the current respin session, the next respin session will start without any frozen WILD symbols. The Hammer Respins feature ends when there no more hammers in the multiplier bar. Note : Frozen WILD symbols from the final respin session do not transfer to main game. Pressing CONTINUE on the congratulations pop-up screen returns you to the main game. Additionally, the Hammer Respins feature can be triggered from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . There are 2 different types of the feature available from the shop: For 400 Game Tokens, you can purchase 1 hammer from the multiplier bar. For 1500 Game Tokens, you can purchase up to 4 hammers from the multiplier bar. The number of hammers is set randomly. To start the purchased feature press the CLICK TO START button. When the final hammer is used, the Hammer Respins feature ends, and the results pop-up window appears on the screen. Pressing the CONTINUE button returns you to the Kingdoms Rise™ – Reign of Ice main game. Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Once you have won 500 Pending Game Tokens they are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance is shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are subject to expiration. Unless stated differently by the Casino operator, all Tokens will expire after 6 months of inactivity from the last time you played Kingdoms Rise™ games. Please note, Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are not won from stakes using bonus money except in cases where the Casino permits it. Please refer to any bonus rules hosted by the Casino for further information. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdom Rise™ game suite. Each feature is unique to a specific game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relates to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. Barbarian Respins Feature The Barbarian Respins feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop for 800 Game Tokens. To start the purchased feature press the CLICK TO START button. During the Barbarian Respins feature, only the Ice Barbarian symbols land on reels. When 1 or more Ice Barbarian symbol lands on reels, it activates the meter in the Multiplier Power Bar on the right side of the reels. The more Ice Barbarian symbols land on reels, the higher the Multiplier Power Bar gets. Active multiplier is applied to the win amount after every respin if new Ice Barbarian symbols land on reels. When the Barbarian Respins feature is triggered, the respins counter starts at 3 spins. During the feature, all Ice Barbarian symbols freeze on the reels until the feature ends. If no instances of the Ice Barbarian symbol land on the reels, the respins counter is reduced by 1. If 1 or more Ice Barbarian symbol lands on the reels, the respins counter is reset to 3. The Barbarian Respins feature ends when the number of respins reaches 0, or the reels are filled with the Ice Barbarian symbols. When the Barbarian Respins feature ends, the results pop-up window appears on the screen. Pressing the CONTINUE button returns you to the Kingdoms Rise™ – Reign of Ice main game. Valkyrie Respins Feature The Valkyrie Respins feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop for 1000 Game Tokens. To start the purchased feature press the CLICK TO START button. During the Valkyrie Respins feature, the frozen ×5 multiplier is located over each reel, and only Ice Valkyrie symbols land on the reels. All Ice Valkyrie symbols that land freeze on the reels and grant a cash prize. When 3 Ice Valkyrie symbols fill the same reel, the ×5 multiplier is activated, and each Ice Valkyrie win on this particular reel is multiplied separately. When the Valkyrie Respins feature is triggered, the respins counter starts at 3 spins. If no instances of the Ice Valkyrie symbol land on the reels, the respins counter is reduced by 1. If 1 or more Ice Valkyrie symbol lands on the reels, the respins counter is reset to 3. The Valkyrie Respins feature ends when the number of respins reaches 0 or the reels are filled with the Ice Valkyrie symbols. The total win is calculated at the end of the feature when winnings from every symbol are accumulated in the Win field 1 by 1. When the Valkyrie Respins feature ends, the results pop-up window appears on the screen. Pressing the CONTINUE button returns you to the Kingdoms Rise™ – Reign of Ice main game. Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without using game tokens is 92.08%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ tokens is 3.00%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ tokens is 95.63%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020