Anaconda Wild 2 6-Reel 50-Line slot The objective of Anaconda Wild II™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: To open bet settings press the coin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to activate TURBO MODE , making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the TURBO MODE session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet divided by 50. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in Autoplay. To display the list of options, press and hold the SPIN button and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when the reels have spun the number of times specified, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the STOP AUTOPLAY button. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until the WILD RESPINS feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Info pages Press i to open the reference page describing the different game components. Payouts are listed on the Paytable screen. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference page and return to the game, press the BACK-ARROW button. Paylines: There are 50 fixed lines in this game. Total bet = line bet × number of lines. Line bet = total bet / number of lines. Only highest win pays per line. Win combinations pay left to right. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The red and gold symbol with the text ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Special Wild Symbol: The round shield is the SPECIAL WILD symbol in the game. The SPECIAL WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols and triggers the WILD RESPINS feature. Wild Respins Feature: When a SPECIAL WILD symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the WILD RESPINS feature is triggered. More than 1 SPECIAL WILD symbol can land simultaneously on the reels. When the feature starts, a golden anaconda comes out of the SPECIAL WILD symbol. With each respin, the head of the anaconda shifts to an adjacent symbol position, and turns the symbols on those positions into locked WILD symbols. Landing an additional SPECIAL WILD symbol on the reels during the WILD RESPINS retriggers the feature. After the anaconda returns to its initial position, all WILD symbols on its path, as well as any symbols inside the path it forms, turn into a large multiplier WILD symbol with a multiplier value chosen randomly from the multiplier wheel. If the multiplier WILD symbol forms part of a win, it will multiply any win it forms a part of by the value shown. Multiplier values are additive; if 2 multiplier WILD symbols form part of the same win, their multiplier values are added together. If there an anaconda is still moving on the reels after a different anaconda turns into a multiplier WILD , the multiplier WILD symbol spins off the reels on the next spin. The WILD RESPINS feature ends when all anacondas return to their initial positions. Return to Player: The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.47% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.47%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is 250,000 Last modification date: 5/23/2023