Jungle Trouble 5-Reel 15-Line Slots The objective of Jungle Trouble is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 15 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 15. In Landscape mode , the BET OPTIONS panel can be opened by tapping the arrow button on the side of the screen for selecting bet per line. Tapping the arrow button again or anywhere on the reels closes the panel. Choose your line bet by tapping the '–' or '+'. In Portrait mode , the BET OPTIONS panel can be opened by pressing the button located to the left of the SPIN button marked with '+' and '–'. Tapping the button again or tapping anywhere on the reels closes the BET OPTIONS panel. Choose your line bet by tapping the '–' or '+'. Tapping the SPIN button or swiping up or down on the reels spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. The reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Hold the SPIN button to open the Autoplay settings panel. Tapping the arrow button or anywhere on the reels closes the panel. Swipe the slider to the left or right to select the number of auto spins or UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. By default, Autoplay is set to UNTIL FEATURE . Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER ) to make the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. There is no payout associated with the SCATTER symbol. SCATTER symbols landing on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Coconut Multiplier feature. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered: 3 SCATTER symbols award 10 Free Games in any Free Games Bonus. 4 SCATTER symbols award 15 Free Games in any Free Games Bonus. 5 SCATTER symbols award 30 Free Games in any Free Games Bonus. If 2 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels in any Free Games Bonus, extra Free Games are awarded: 2 SCATTER symbols during Free Games award additional 3 Free Games in the same Free Games Bonus. 3 SCATTER symbols during Free Games award additional 10 Free Games in the same Free Games Bonus. 4 SCATTER symbols during Free Games award additional 15 Free Games in the same Free Games Bonus. 5 SCATTER symbols during Free Games award an additional 30 Free Games in the same Free Games Bonus. COCONUT MULTIPLIER FEATURE Whenever a SCATTER symbol lands on reels 2, 3 or 4, a 2x Coconut Multiplier will be created at the top of that reel. When a SCATTER symbol lands on a reel that has a 2x Coconut Multiplier, the multiplier will be increased to 3x. A SCATTER symbol landing on a reel with a 3x multiplier will increase the multiplier to the maximum of 5x in the main game. Coconut Multipliers are up to 10x in Multiplier Free Games (see below for more information).If a WILD symbol on the same reel as a Coconut Multiplier participates in a payline win, the Coconut Multiplier on that reel falls down and multiplies the win by the corresponding amount. Only the highest and leftmost Coconut Multiplier is used when 2 or more WILD symbols are part of the same winning combination.When a Coconut Multiplier affects a win, it is lost. A new 2x Coconut Multiplier will be created when a SCATTER symbol next lands on that reel. FREE GAMES BONUS 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels simultaneously trigger the Free Games Bonus.During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. However, a different set of Coconut Multipliers will be used. Coconut Multipliers from the main reels will not be carried over to Free Games and vice versa. Landing 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any Free Games Bonus will award additional Free Games.You will be offered a choice between 3 Free Games Bonuses. Every Free Games Bonus has a different feature (see below). Every Free Games Bonus awards the same amount of Free Games dependent on the number of SCATTER symbols that triggered the feature. MULTIPLIER FREE GAMES The Coconut Multiplier Feature is changed during Multiplier Free Games: all Coconut Multipliers are 2x by default, and will reappear with a 2x multiplier after affecting a win.When a SCATTER symbol lands on the same reel as a Coconut Multiplier, the Multiplier is increased by a different set of steps. SCATTER symbols landing on a reel with a 2x Coconut Multiplier will increase the multiplier to 4x. Subsequent SCATTER symbols landing on the same reel will increase the multiplier to 6x, then from 6x to the maximum of 10x. HIGH WIN FREE GAMES In High Win Free Games, only High Win Symbols, WILD symbols and SCATTER symbols will appear on the reels. NUDGING WILD FREE GAMES If a WILD symbol lands on the reels during Nudging WILD Free Games the number of Free Games remaining will be locked.When the reels spin after a WILD has landed, the number of Free Games will not decrease. Any WILD symbols that have landed on the reels will not spin off the reels, and will instead be nudged down one space on the reels and remain in that position for the result of that spin. WILD symbols will continue to nudge down in this way until they are nudged off the bottom of the reels. When there are no WILD symbols on the reels, every Free Games spin will decrease the amount of Free Games remaining.If a WILD symbol is hit by a Coconut Multiplier, it will retain that multiplier as it is nudged down the reels. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 04 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 07 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020