Spin 'Em Round 5-reel 3125 ways game To play the game: On the entry screen, press PLAY to start the game. Press - or + on TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Press the TURBO MODE button to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. If you want to stop the reels early, press the SPIN button again. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Only the highest winning combination pays. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 3 or more matching symbols on consecutive reels. The Bonus and Bonus Wheel symbols are the exception to the rule above. All wins shown in the paytable are relative to the current bet. The minimum bet in this game is $0.20 and the maximum bet in this game is $300.00. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the AUTO PLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing the STOP button. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the paytable and return to the game, press EXIT. All Ways: There are 3125 possible winning combinations in this All Ways game. Any winning combinations of matching symbols on adjacent reels from left to right must start from the leftmost reel, and will pay regardless of the symbol position on the reel. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Bonus symbols and Bonus Wheel symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Bonus Wheels Feature: Reels contain Red Bonus symbols, Green Bonus symbols and Blue Bonus symbols. Red Bonus symbol represents the Mega Prize Wheel, Green Bonus symbol represents the Prize wheel, and Blue Bonus symbol represents the Multiplier wheel. The Prize wheel contains values of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x20 multiplied by total bet. The Mega Prize wheel contains values of x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30, x35, x50, x75, x200 multiplied by total bet. The Multiplier wheel contains multiplier values of x2, x3, x4, x5, x10. All prizes on Cash Wheels are x bet. Each Bonus Symbol awards one lit pointer on the corresponding wheel. Landing the Bonus symbols and Bonus Wheel symbol in one spin will fly the coloured pointers from each Bonus symbol to their relevant wheels. The active wheels spin - prizes that land on the lit active pointers are then awarded. If the multiplier wheel is active then the multiplier total value is applied to the cash wins total prize. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.46%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/12/2025