Rainbow Riches Rainbow Riches Slot is a 5 reel, 20 line slot with three exciting Bonus rounds. Road to Riches Bonus Match three, four or five Road to Riches bonus scatter symbols (Leprechauns) anywhere in view to play the Road to Riches bonus round. Press spin to rotate the wheel and determine the number of steps taken along the Road to Riches. When the wheel lands on the Arrow (Collect), you are awarded the highlighted multiplier. The prizes awarded are proportional to the number of initiating symbols and the total stake Wishing Well Bonus Match three, four or five bonus symbols (Wishing Wells) anywhere in view to play the Wishing Well bonus. You must choose a single wishing well to reveal the bonus multiplier. The prizes awarded are proportional to the number of initiating symbols and the total stake Pots of Gold Bonus The Pots of Gold scatter symbols (Pots) are only available on reels 2, 3 and 4. Match three bonus symbols anywhere in view on the middle three reels to play the Pots of Gold bonus. The gold, silver and bronze pots will rotate around the leprechaun and stop with the arrow highlighting the winning multiplier. The prizes awarded are proportional to the total stake. Pay Table Winnings are dependent on the symbols displayed on the line once the reels have come to a stop. 2, 3, 4 or 5 matched symbols pay multiples of the stake amount, depending on the symbol. Please refer to the paytable in the game itself for more details. Game Rules Minimum and Maximum stake are at the operator’s discretion. The maximum payout on this game is £100,000*. If you match any symbols and consecutive symbols that would normally lead to a payout above this amount you will automatically receive the maximum payout and no amount higher than this can be achieved on a single bet. All wins pay from left to right. Any winning combination of matched symbols must start from reel 1 to 5 consecutively. The Wild symbol when triggered, will substitute all symbols except for the three bonus symbols. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled line only. Autoplay functionality may be available where the game will play out until triggered to stop via; a spin limit, wins of a set amount, losses of a set amount or jackpot win (where applicable). RTP Average RTP is 95% (based on average gameplay). Disconnections and Game Recovery If your connection to a game is lost for whatever reason, e.g. internet connection problems, or manually quitting/closing the game, the game will not complete automatically. When connection is restored/game is re-launched the game will recover and you will be able to complete the game. Malfunction In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020