Hit Bar: Gold Hit Bar: Gold™ 5-Reel, 10-Line Slot The objective of Hit Bar: Gold™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To Play the Game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON'T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the lightning bolt button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: There are 10 fixed lines in this game. Total bet = line bet × number of lines. Line bet = total bet / number of lines. Only the highest win pays per line. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. HIT BAR and BONUS symbols are the exception to this rule. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol The symbol with the word 'WILD' is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the HIT BAR and BONUS symbols, to form the best possible winning combination. Bonus Symbol The symbol with the word 'BONUS' is the BONUS symbol in the game. Whenever 3, 4, or 5 BONUS symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, Hit Bar Wheels of Luck are triggered. Scatter Symbol The symbol with the words 'HIT BAR' is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Whenever 5 or more HIT BAR symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Hit Bar Hold & Respin feature is triggered. Hit Bar Hold & Respin The Hit Bar Hold & Respin feature is triggered when 5 or more HIT BAR symbols land on the reels. All symbols lock in position. During the feature, each cell spins on its own and only HIT BAR symbols are visible. Any additional HIT BAR symbol that lands during the Hit Bar Hold & Respin feature is held in position and retriggers the respin. Up to 15 HIT BAR symbols can be collected during the feature. Note: The payout ladder shows the current win. The payout ladder is located to the left of the reels. The feature will end when no new HIT BAR symbols land on the reels. After all the respins have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows the feature win. Press the ► button to return to the main game. Hit Bar Wheels of Luck There are 3 wheels on different positions of the Prize Ladder: The Blue Wheel is triggered by simultaneously landing 10 HIT BAR symbols. The Blue Wheel can award cash prizes (x10, x30, x50), 8 or 12 free games, a wheel upgrade (Level Up), or one of the Hit Bar Prizes . The Purple Wheel is triggered by simultaneously landing 11 HIT BAR symbols. The Purple Wheel can award cash prizes (x20, x40, x60), 10 or 15 free games, a wheel upgrade (Level Up), or one of the Hit Bar Prizes . The Red Wheel is triggered by simultaneously landing 12 HIT BAR symbols. The Red Wheel can award cash prizes (x25, x50, x75), 12 or 15 free games, or one of the Hit Bar Prizes . If a prize is won from any of the Wheels of Luck , 1 of the 3 Hit Bar Prizes is randomly awarded. Hit Bar Gold Free Games Hit Bar Gold Free Games are triggered via the Hit Bar Wheels of Luck feature. The Blue Wheel is triggered by simultaneously landing 3 BONUS symbols. The Blue Wheel awards 8 or 12 free games. The Purple Wheel is triggered by simultaneously landing 4 BONUS symbols. The Purple Wheel awards 10 or 15 free games. The Red Wheel is triggered by simultaneously landing 5 BONUS symbols. The Red Wheel awards 12 or 15 free games. During the Hit Bar Gold Free Games feature, the payout ladder transforms into the 10-level ladder. Up to 50 HIT BAR symbols can be collected during the feature. At the end of the feature, as well as any line wins, you are awarded the respective prize reached from the ladder. 10-Level Ladder During the Hit Bar Gold Free Games feature, you can move up the 10-level ladder by landing and collecting 5 HIT BAR symbols. Collecting 50 HIT BAR symbols reaches the top of the ladder. By climbing the 10-level ladder you can earn greater cash prizes, more free games and one of the Hit Bar Prizes . When reaching a prize collect level, the prize is secured and 3 extra spins are awarded. At the end of the feature, as well as any line wins, you are awarded the respective prize reached from the ladder. Hit Bar Prizes Hit Bar Prizes can be won during the Hit Bar Hold & Respin and Hit Bar Gold Free Games features. There are 3 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MEGA and MINI . The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize grants a fixed amount based on the bet value and can be won multiple times: The GRAND prize value = total bet x 1,000 The MEGA prize value = total bet x 250 The MINI prize value = total bet x 100 Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.51%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 7/26/2024