Land of Gold 5-Reel with All-Ways Feature The objective of Land of Gold™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is always played with 576 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your coin value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Golden Coins Bonus the Stacks of Luck Feature or the Lucky Spins Free Games is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the PLAY button. After the end of the feature, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the Coin Value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable . The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times allowing for 576 Ways to Win on every spin. 2 or more adjacent symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols in any position on each consecutive reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbol can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Logo symbol. The WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol except for the SCATTER and BONUS symbols to form the best possible winning combination. More information on WILD symbol can be found at the Paytable . The WILD symbol has no payout of its own. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Leprechaun symbol. The SCATTER symbol triggers Lucky Spins Free Games when appearing on reels #2, #3 and #4 simultaneously. If SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4 during the Lucky Spins Free Games round, 5 more Free Games are won. Additional Free Games can be won indefinitely in this way. More information on the Lucky Spins Free Games can be found below. BONUS SYMBOL The BONUS symbol in the game is the Mushroom symbol. The BONUS symbol triggers the Golden Coins Bonus when appearing on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously. More information on the Golden Coins Bonus can be found below. LUCKY SPINS FREE GAMES Lucky Spins Free Games are triggered by SCATTER symbols landing on reels #2, #3 and #4 simultaneously. Click the PLAY button to begin the Lucky Spins Free Games when they are triggered. The reels will transition to show the Wheel of Luck, which can be spun to win Free Spins and win multipliers. Swipe the Wheel of Luck to spin it. The pointer will land on one of the following: Free Spins, represented by a '+' followed by a number. You will be awarded the corresponding number of Free Spins. The amount of Free Spins you have won is shown in the SPINS LEFT box in the top right of the screen. If you win Free Spins more than once on the Wheel of Luck, they will be accumulated. A multiplier, represented by an 'X' followed by a number. Free Spins will be played with the corresponding win multiplier. The multiplier you have won is shown in the MULTIPLIER box in the top left of the screen. If you win more than one multiplier on the Wheel of Luck, the multipliers will be accumulated, not multiplied by each other. COLLECT , which will begin the Free Spins won with the multiplier won. After COLLECT is landed starts the Free Games round. During Free Games, the reels are spun automatically. The Free Games Win box to the upper center of the game window shows the accumulated free games you have won. The Multiplier box to the upper left of the game window displays the accumulated win multiplier value. The number of free spins remaining is shown in the Spins Left box to the upper right of the game window. After all Free Games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free games) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking OK button on the screen will return you to the main game. Note: Golden Coins Bonus cannot be won during the Free Games feature ( BONUS symbols are not on the Free Games reels). GOLDEN COINS BONUS Golden Coins Bonus is triggered by BONUS symbols landing on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously. Click the PLAY button to begin the Golden Coins Bonus when it is triggered. The reels will transition to the Bonus screen. A pop-up will appear explaining the rules of the Bonus that can be dismissed by pressing OK . The Leprechaun will be standing on a mushroom. Click and hold the mushroom, then drag it down and release to fire the Leprechaun up into the air. There are several items that the Leprechaun can hit whilst flying through the air: Coins, which will each award a cash prize. Big Coins, which will each award a larger cash prize. Clovers, which will award the Clover Progressive Jackpot if 3 are collected. More information on the Progressive Jackpot can be found below. Crows, which will end the Bonus when hit. Any prizes the Leprechaun hits during a jump will be awarded. If the Leprechaun does not hit a Crow, he will land and can jump again. All prizes will be changed for the next jump. When the Leprechaun hits a Crow and the Bonus ends, a winnings summary screen shows the aggregate Total win . Clicking OK on the screen will return you to the main game. СLOVER PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT The Сlover Progressive Jackpot can be won in the Golden Coins Bonus . The Clover Jackpot is a progressive jackpot accumulated by all Casinos offering the Land of Gold™game. A small percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressive jackpot amount, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be won by players, qualifying for the Clover Jackpot. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): EUR 5,000 Average contribution rate (what average percentage of each bet goes into the Progressive Jackpot): 1.00% (the average seed pot contribution is 0.1% and the average progressive jackpot contribution is 0.9%) Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Collecting 3 Clovers in the Golden Coins Bonus awards the Clover Progressive Jackpot . Clovers can be accumulated between jumps, but are reset at the start of each Bonus activation. Win requirements (what you need to do to qualify for the Progressive Jackpot): Play the Land of Gold™game. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same Progressive Jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two Jackpot wins. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. STACKS OF LUCK FEATURE The Pot of Gold, Rainbow, Four Leaf Clover, Golden Harp and Golden Horseshoe symbols are stacked on reels #2, #3 and #4. If any of these symbols land in every position of reels #2, #3 and #4 the Stacks of Luck Feature will be triggered. The Stacks of Luck Feature will award your win random multiplied by between x5 and x25 in addition to any normal reel wins. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop - Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Clicking BACK exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 15 and the maximum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage that includes the jackpot contribution is 95 . 15 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020