Age of the Gods: Glorious Griffin Symbol Details WILD The W symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only. SCATTER The FREE GAMES symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Griffin’s Glorious Free Games Game Features Griffin's Glorious Free Games Whenever 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Griffin’s Glorious Free Games feature is triggered: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 15 free games 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games 6 SCATTER symbols trigger 100 free games During Free Games, special symbols are 3 times as likely to land than they are in the main game. Additional free games are awarded when 2 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the feature: 2 SCATTER symbols award 5 additional free games 3 or more SCATTER symbols award the same number of additional free games as above. Griffin’s Gold: Ways Plus™ Any symbol, except WILD and SCATTER symbols, can be surrounded by blue fire. Any symbol surrounded in blue fire will expand to all 4 symbol positions vertically and horizontally if they will create or improve a win by doing so. A symbol surrounded in blue fire cannot expand over WILD or SCATTER symbols. Symbols surrounded in blue fire will not expand over a symbol that is already part of a winning combination if a lower overall payout would be created by doing so. All Ways Feature 3 or more adjacent matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. An exception to this rule is the GRIFFIN symbol. 2 or more GRIFFIN symbols on consecutive reels will trigger a win. Age of the Gods™ Jackpot The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level mystery progressive jackpot that is linked to the Age of the Gods™ series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the Age of the Gods™ games is added to the progressive jackpot. The percentage of all bets placed is split between four jackpot levels, which are displayed in the upper part of the game screen, above the reels. Any level of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game, which can be triggered randomly after any main game spin in any of the Age of the Gods™ series of games. It is not triggered by any symbol combination, and even a main game spin that does not result in a win can trigger the jackpot game. Triggering the jackpot game is possible at any bet size, but the chances increase or decrease proportionally with the size of the bet. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots: Power Jackpot, Extra Power Jackpot, Super Power Jackpot and Ultimate Power Jackpot. The 4 different jackpot levels represent different prize amounts, with the Power Jackpot awarding the smallest prize and the Ultimate Power Jackpot awarding the highest. The jackpot game screen shows 20 face-down coins. Clicking on a coin will reveal 1 of 4 jackpot symbols. Each jackpot symbol corresponds to 1 of the 4 progressive jackpots. Once 3 matching symbols have been revealed, the corresponding jackpot level will be awarded. The jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings from the triggering spin (if any) and are displayed in the Win field, together with any other winnings. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If a matching set of coins is not revealed by the player before the set amount of time elapses, coins will be revealed automatically, and the corresponding jackpot will be awarded. 1. Splash Screen The splash screen displaying the game’s features. 2. Paytable The paytable can be accessed from the main game and contains information about symbol payouts and behaviours, game features, and the win evaluation. The paytable is scrollable and can be closed via the back-arrow in the top-left. 3. Griffin’s Glorious Free Games feature The player needs 3 or more SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously on the reels during the main game to trigger Griffin’s Glorious Free Games. 4. Griffin’s Glorious Free Games – Splash Pop-up window that appears after the Griffin’s Glorious Free Games feature starts. The number of free games depends on the number of SCATTER symbols that landed on the reels. 5. Griffin’s Glorious Free Games – Main Reels Free Games reels with a winning combination. 6. Griffin’s Glorious Free Games – Extra Free Games If 2 or more SCATTER symbols land on the reels during Free Games, the feature is retriggered, and the player wins extra free games. 7. Griffin’s Glorious Free Games – Total Win Pop-up message that appears after the Griffin’s Glorious Free Games feature. 8. Big Win Splash Win splash that appears when a BIG WIN is triggered. 9. Griffin’s Gold: Ways Plus™ Special symbols appear with blue fire and can expand to 4 adjacent symbol positions to form or improve a winning combination. WILD and SCATTER symbols cannot appear as special symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/3/2024