Age of the Gods Epic Troy 5-reel 243-ways slot The objective of the Age of The Gods™: Epic Troy™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The game is played with 243 ways to win. The total bet is equal to 20x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Scatter wins can form from matching symbols in any position on any reels, according to the paytable. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated Ways and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . 243 Ways: Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is equal to your total bet divided by 20. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Shield . Any 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Games Feature . Helen Symbol Stack: A Helen symbol stack occurs when all 3 symbol positions on a reel are occupied by Helen symbols. 2 or more full Helen symbol stacks landing simultaneously triggers the Helen Respin Bonus . Paris Symbol Stack: A Paris symbol stack occurs when all 3 symbol positions on a reel are occupied by Paris symbols. 2 or more full Paris symbol stacks landing simultaneously triggers the Paris Respin Bonus . Achilles Symbol Stack: An Achilles symbol stack occurs when all 3 symbol positions on a reel are occupied by Achilles symbols. 2 or more full Achilles symbol stacks landing simultaneously triggers the Achilles Respin Bonus . Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: €50. Extra Power: €500. Super Power: €5,000. Ultimate Power: €100,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Helen Respin Bonus: 2 or more full Helen symbol stacks landing simultaneously triggers the Helen Respin Bonus . 3 Respins are awarded. During the respins, each symbol position spins independently. During the respins, all symbols are inactive except for Helen . The triggering Helen symbols are held until the end of the bonus. If any new Helen symbols land during a respin, these are held as well, and the number of respins left is reset to 3. When all respins have occurred or when all symbols positions have been occupied by Helen symbols, the held Helen symbols are evaluated, and any ways win is awarded. Then the bonus ends. Wild symbols cannot contribute to the Helen Respin Bonus award. Paris Respin Bonus: 2 or more full Paris symbol stacks landing simultaneously triggers the Paris Respin Bonus . 2 Respins are awarded. During the respins, all symbols are inactive except for Paris . The triggering Paris symbols are held until the end of the bonus. If any new Paris Symbol Stacks land during a respin, these are held as well, and the number of respins left is reset to 2. When all respins have occurred or when all symbols positions have been occupied by Paris symbols, any block of 3 or more adjacent Paris symbol stacks will transform into a Mega Reel . If no block of 3 or more adjacent Paris symbol stacks can be formed, the bonus will end. If a 3-stack Mega Reel is formed, this will spin once and award a prize of 5, 10, 15, 20 or 50x total bet. If a 4-stack Mega Reel is formed, this will spin once and award a prize of 10, 20, 30, 40 or 100x total bet. If a 5-stack Mega Reel is formed, this will spin once and award a prize of 20, 40, 60, 100 or 150x total bet. Then the bonus ends. Achilles Respin Bonus: 2 or more full Achilles symbol stacks landing simultaneously triggers the Achilles Respin Bonus . 1 respin is awarded. The triggering Achilles symbol stacks are held until the end of the bonus. After the respin finishes, the symbols will be evaluated. The triggering Achilles symbol stacks will be evaluated as Wild symbols. Then the bonus ends. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is awarded. 6 free games are awarded. The reel strips used during the free games only contain Wild , Scatter , Helen , Paris , Achilles and Ship symbols. During free games, the Helen Respin Bonus , the Paris Respin Bonus and the Achilles Respin Bonus may be triggered. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the free games, any 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels, will award 6 additional free games. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.45% that includes Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020