Pharaoh's Treasure Deluxe 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Pharaoh's Treasure Deluxe is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. The number of active paylines is fixed (20) and cannot be changed. Total bet per game round = line bet × 20. Choose your total bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Clicking the HI ROLLER button opens the HI ROLLER menu. More information on the HI ROLLER feature can be found in the relevant section below. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to select the number of auto spins or UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Tomb of Tutankhamun Bonus feature or Curse of the Ancients Free Games feature is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTO PLAY button. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the following box on bottom panel during an Autoplay session, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button, press the Spacebar key or click anywhere on the screen. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed by clicking the INFO button or via the Menu . Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. Line bet = Total bet / Number of lines. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 or more winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the highest winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols (except SCATTER symbols) to make the highest possible winning combination. FEATURES BONUS SCATTER symbols landing in view on reels #1, #3 and #5 simultaneously trigger 1 of 2 features. Click the CLICK TO START button, press the Spacebar key or click anywhere on the screen to open the feature selection screen. Click on Tomb of Tutankhamun Bonus or Curse of the Ancients Free Games and then click the START button to begin the chosen feature. In Hi-Roller mode (see below), Super Scarab SCATTER symbols may also turn into BONUS SCATTER symbols. In this case, 3 or more BONUS SCATTER symbols will trigger the feature choice. Tomb of Tutankhamun Bonus Explore the tomb of Tutankhamun and find the lost treasures to win cash prizes. Click the OK button to begin the feature. A treasure chamber will be shown with selectable spaces. A light will shine over all the selectable spaces, temporarily showing all the hidden treasures. Click a space to reveal either a hidden prize or 'Collect'. When a prize is revealed, the cash awarded by the prize will count up. 1 of 2 types of key may also be revealed with the cash prize: A TOMB KEY, which immediately advances you to another treasure chamber. A JACKPOT KEY, which immediately advances you to the Progressive Jackpot Bonus (please see the relevant section below for more information on this feature). There is a chance that 'Collect' will be revealed with a cash prize. This will end the bonus and award all accumulated cash prizes. If this occurs within the first 2 picks, a light from the mirror will shine to remove the 'Collect' and you will be able to pick another area. If an area is selected and a prize is not revealed, it will show 'Collect'. When this happens a light from the mirror will shine to remove the 'Collect' and you will be able to pick another area. If this happens 3 times, the locations of all the remaining treasures will be revealed and may then be selected. After the end of the bonus a winnings summary message will appear. Click OK to return to the main game. Curse of the Ancients Free Games Click the OK button to begin the feature. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field. The number of free games left to play is shown in the Free Games field. After every 2 Free Games spins, a symbol will be removed from the reels after any wins are awarded. Symbols will cycle in front of the reels until one is chosen for removal. For all remaining Free Games spins that symbol will not land on the reels. A symbol will not be removed for the final spin. During Free Games the JACKPOT KEY SCATTER symbol can land on reels #3, #4 and #5. When the JACKPOT KEY SCATTER symbols land on reels #3, #4 and #5 simultaneously the Progressive Jackpot Bonus is triggered. Please see the relevant section below for more information on the Progressive Jackpot Bonus. The Bonus is played at the end of the Free Games feature. After the end of the Free Games feature a winnings summary message will appear. Click OK to return to the main game. Progressive Jackpot Bonus The Progressive Jackpot Bonus can be triggered in 2 ways: Revealing a JACKPOT KEY in the Tomb of Tutankhamun Bonus. Landing JACKPOT KEY SCATTER symbols on reels #3, #4 and #5 simultaneously during the Curse of the Ancients Free Games feature. Click OK to enter the bonus. Click 1 of the 3 sarcophagus heads to win either a cash prize or the progressive jackpot. After the end of the feature a winnings summary message will appear. Click OK to return to the main game. HI ROLLER SPINS Click the HI ROLLER button to open the HI ROLLER menu. There are 2 HI ROLLER modes to choose from. Both HI ROLLER modes consist of 5 spins with added Super Scarab SCATTER symbols. These special symbols can transform into any of the following when they land: WILD symbols WILD symbols substitute for all symbols (except SCATTER symbols) to make the highest possible winning combination. MULTIPLIER symbols The multiplier revealed on the symbol will be applied to the total win for that spin. CASH PRIZE The cash prize revealed on the symbol will be awarded. BONUS SCATTER symbols If this occurs, 3 or more BONUS SCATTER symbols simultaneously trigger 1 of 2 Bonus features as described above. The first HI ROLLER mode costs 10 times your total bet to play. In this mode 5 spins are played with Super Scarab SCATTER symbols on reel #3. The second HI ROLLER mode costs 20 times your total bet to play. In this mode 5 spins are played with Super Scarab SCATTER symbols on reels #1, #2 and #3. Use the arrow buttons to change the total bet that will be multiplied by 10 or 20 and used during HI ROLLER spins. Click the START button to begin HI ROLLER spins once you have chosen a total bet and selected a HI ROLLER mode. Any wins that form during HI ROLLER spins are calculated based on your line bet (line bet × 20 = total bet). After the last spin has played a winnings summary message will appear. Click OK to return to the HI ROLLER menu. Casino toolbar: The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – this button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – this icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch it. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – when you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – when you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens. The Payouts screen explains symbol payouts in the game. The Features screen explains the rules of the bonus feature. The Tomb of Tutankhamun screen explains the rules of the Tomb of Tutankhamun feature. The Free Games screen explains the rules of the Free Games feature. The Hi-Roller Spins screen explains the rules of the Hi-Roller feature. The Paylines screen illustrates the paylines and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info – opens the reference screen describing the different game components. Total Bet – increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.13% and the minimum is 94.12%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) in HI ROLLER 10x mode is 94.65%, and the minimum is 94.64%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) in HI ROLLER 20x mode is 95.13%, and the minimum is 95.11%. Each of the above RTP values includes the jackpot contribution of 1.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020