Call of the Valkyries 5-reel 25-line Slot The objective of the Call of the Valkyries slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. Wins can form on any payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the payouts section of the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Click the + and - buttons to select a line bet. Clicking the round Spin button spins the reels with the current total bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the AUTO button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode,the spin button turns into a STOP button that displays the number of remaining spins. The mode ends, when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the STOP button. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a interactive feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulated winnings. Paytable pages Clicking the i button opens the paytable describing the different game components. Navigate with the arrows between the different sections of the paytable. Clicking the Continue button exits the paytable pages and returns you to the game. Paylines All 25 paylines are permanently active, and can be viewed from their section in the paytable pages. Payouts Payouts are listed on the Payouts section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If several payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except scatter symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Land BONUS symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 to trigger the Call of the Valkyries bonus game. Touch of the Valkyries After any losing spin in the main game, the Valkyries can transform all warrior symbols on the reels into WILDS to create a win! March of the Valkyries A stacked WILD Valkyrie symbol filling reel 1, reel 5, or both, triggers the March of the Valkyries feature. The reels will respin for free and any WILD Valkyrie present will march to the opposite end of the reels, shifting 1 reel on each respin. WILD Valkyrie symbols substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. A WILD Valkyrie transforms warrior symbols on the reel in front of her into Frozen WILDS . A Frozen WILD created by 2 WILD Valkyries simultaneously will gain a x2 win multiplier! When 2 WILD Valkyries meet on the middle reel, they double all wins they participate in. The feature ends when every WILD Valkyrie present has reached the opposite end of the reels. Call of the Valkyries Land BONUS symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 to trigger the Call of the Valkyries bonus game. Pick items dropped by fallen warriors to reveal cash prizes, but watch out for hidden demons that will cost you a life! Reach the gate of Valhalla and each remaining life will apply a x2 multiplier to your total win! The bonus game ends when you reach the gate of Valhalla or lose both of your lives. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. If available, you can check the game history to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a bonus round or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the bonus game after you log back into the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.29%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020