Starmada Exiles 5-reel 25-Line slot The objective of Starmada Exiles™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Don’t show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. In this game only active paylines can register line wins. The total bet per game round is the line bet × active paylines. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the AUTOPLAY button and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when the reels have spun the number of times specified, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the STOP button. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until the STARMADA EXILES FREE GAMES features is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Info pages Press INFO to open the reference page describing the different game components. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference page and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: There are 25 fixed lines in this game. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Total bet = line bet × number of lines. Line bet = total bet / number of lines. Press + or - under the TOTAL BET to choose your total bet. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the text 'Wild' on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol appears on reels #2 - #5 only. Scatter Symbol The planet symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. SCATTER symbols on reels #1 and #3 trigger the PLUNDER BONUS . SCATTER symbols on reels #1, #3 and #5 trigger the STARMADA EXILES FREE GAMES feature. Exile Symbols The Pirate Captain, Female Pirate, Male Pirate and Robot Pirate are EXILE symbols in the game. EXILE symbols can turn WILD in Starmada Exiles Free Games . PLUNDER BONUS When SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #1 and #3, the Plunder Bonus is triggered. During the Plunder Bonus , pick one of two SCATTER symbols to plunder a cash prize or upgrade 1 of 4 EXILE symbols in the meter on the left side of the reels. The upgraded symbols will appear as WILD symbols on reels #2, #3, #4 and #5 during the next Starmada Exiles Free Games feature only. When an EXILE symbol has been upgraded, both Scatter symbols turn into EMERALD SCATTER symbols, which pay cash prizes whenever and wherever they land on future spins. When 4 EXILE symbols have been upgraded, revealing another upgrade during the Plunder Bonus will trigger the Starmada Exiles Free Games feature. STARMADA EXILES FREE GAMES When SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5, Starmada Exiles Free Games feature is triggered. During the Starmada Exiles Free Games 10 free games are awarded with any EXILE symbols that were upgraded in the Plunder Bonus appearing as WILD symbols on reels #2, #3, #4, #5. Starmada Exiles Free Games are played with RUBY SCATTER symbols on reel #5. A meter above the reels shows the current upgrade status of EXILE symbols. Each of the 4 EXILE symbols have 3 RUBY SCATTER indentations to their left. Every time a RUBY SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, the leftmost empty RUBY SCATTER indentation is filled (if any empty indentations exist). When an EXILE symbol above the reels receives a RUBY SCATTER for its 3rd indentation, it transforms into a WILD symbol on reels #2, #3, #4 and #5 for all subsequent free games. Note: RUBY SCATTER symbols are only collected if the indentations above the reels are not filled. When SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5 during free games, 10 extra free games are triggered. Note: If at least 1 EXILE symbol has been upgraded in the Plunder Bonus prior to the Starmada Exiles Free Games feature being triggered, then extra SCATTER symbols will be added to the reels when you return to the main game. Any EMERALD SCATTER symbols will also be removed from the reels at this stage. When the Starmada Exiles Free Games feature is complete, the WILD Upgrade meter in the main game is reset. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.18%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020