Age of the Gods Apollo Power 6-reel 50-line slot . To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON'T SHOW AGAIN to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Apollo Power Respins or Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press X . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines during the main game. The total bet per game round is the line bet× 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: There are 2 types of WILD symbols in this game: the regular WILD symbol and the special WILD symbol . The special WILD symbol has a red background and golden spikes. The regular WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols. The special WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols and triggers the Apollo Power Respins feature. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols of the same type on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the matching WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD symbols standing in). Apollo Power Respins Apollo Power Respins featute is triggered by special Wild symbol. Whenever a special WILD symbol appears anywhere on the reels the Apollo Power Respins feature is triggered. With each spin, the sun moves leaving a trail of WILDS The Apollo Power Respins ends when the sun reaches the initial position Sun can only move left, right, up and down: suncannot move diagonally. Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot Age of the Gods™ Jackpot Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: €50. Extra Power: €500. Super Power: €5,000. Ultimate Power: €100,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.47%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020