Cat Queen 5-Reel 40-Line Slots The objective of Cat Queen™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Swipe the slider to the left or right to select the number of auto spins or UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games round is triggered. By default, Autoplay is set to UNTIL FEATURE . Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Cat goddess symbol. It can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for three or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. Five WILD symbols on an active payline pay the max win according to the Paytable. The WILD symbol is stacked on all reels. This means that the WILD symbols lay one on top of the other on each of the reels. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Pyramid symbol. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are three or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings as described in the paytable. Three or more SCATTER symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger 15 Free Games. More information on the Free Games can be found below. FREE GAMES Whenever three to five SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels during main game, 15 Free Games are triggered. To start the Free Games, click a PLAY button. After Free Games round clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. If three or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the Free Games round, 15 more Free Games are won. Free Games can be won indefinitely in this way. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After each spin, the win is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings and states the number of Free Games played. Feature win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Free Game wins are added to the payline and SCATTER wins. If the Free Games that follow have been triggered during the AutoPlay mode, the Free Games round begins after the player clicks a PLAY button. When all Free Games have been played and the player clicks CONTINUE on the screen summarizing the Free Games win, the AutoPlay mode resumes. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.60%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020