The Matrix 5-Reel 50-Line Slot The objective of The Matrix is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME The number of active paylines is fixed at 50 and cannot be changed. Total bet per game round = line bet × 50. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to select the number of auto spins. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP button. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the AUTO PLAY button during an Autoplay session. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols (except the FREE GAMES symbol) to make the highest possible winning combination. There are separate payouts for 3, 4 and 5 WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. EXTRA WILD SYMBOLS The Black Cat WILD symbol only lands on reel #5 and only appears in the main game. The Black Cat WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except the FREE GAMES symbol. When Black Cat WILD symbols cover reel #5 completely they trigger the Déjà Vu Shuffle feature. More information on the Déjà Vu Shuffle feature can be found below. The Sentinel WILD symbol appears only in Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games. More information on the Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games can be found below. FREE GAMES SYMBOL 3 FREE GAMES symbols landing simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5 trigger Free Games. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. EMP MACHINE SYMBOL The EMP MACHINE symbol appears only in Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games. More information on the Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games can be found below. DÉJÀ VU SHUFFLE FEATURE 4 Black Cat WILD symbols covering reel #5 completely will trigger the Déjà Vu Shuffle feature. In this feature all the Black Cat WILD symbols will duplicate to reel 1 and then all the symbols on the reels shuffle for a chance to form new wins. Déjà Vu Shuffle can be triggered during the main game only. FREE GAMES 3 FREE GAMES symbols landing simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5 trigger Free Games. There are 2 modes to choose from: Agent Smith 8 Free Games and Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games. Click the mode you wish to play and then click the CLICK TO START button to begin the feature. Agent Smith 8 Free Games In Agent Smith 8 Free Games extra Agent Smith symbols are added to the reel strips for an increased chance of large wins on every spin. The feature cannot be re-triggered. Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games In Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games all Sentinel WILD symbols lock in place after landing. When the EMP MACHINE symbol lands, it removes all Sentinel WILD symbols on the reels before the next spin. Free games end when 6 or more Sentinel WILD symbols are locked on the reels simultaneously. During the free games the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the free games round is shown in the Feature Win field. The number of free games left to play is shown above the reels. At the end of the feature a win summary appears. The Game Win is the amount of money won from the spin that triggered the feature. The Feature Win is the amount of money won from the feature. The Total Win is the sum of the Game Win and the Feature Win. Click CONTINUE on the win summary to return to the main game reels. Casino toolbar: The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel. The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch it. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Info pages: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens. The Paytable screens 1, 2 and 3 explain game features and symbol payouts in the game. The Déjà Vu Shuffle screen explains the rules of the Déjà Vu Shuffle feature. The Free Games screen explains the rules of the Free Games feature. The Agent Smith screen explains the rules of the Agent Smith 8 Free Games mode. The Nebuchadnezzar screen explains the rules of the Nebuchadnezzar Unlimited Free Games mode. The Paylines screen illustrates the paylines and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns you to the game. Buttons: Info – Opens the reference screen describing the different game components. Line Bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Auto play / Stop Auto play – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Auto play reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the gameplay by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.14%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020