Tiger Turtle Dragon Phoenix 5-reel 243-ways slot The objective of the Tiger Turtle Dragon Phoenix™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Tiger Turtle Dragon Phoenix™ is a 5 reel, 3 row slot game with a free games feature and a jackpot feature. The game is played with 243 ways to win. The total bet is equal to 20x coin value. On the entry screen, press the Start button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Ways wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from matching symbols in any position on any reels, according to the paytable. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated Ways and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Ways wins will equal your coin value multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Scatter wins will equal your total bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back arrow button. 243 Ways: Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is equal to your total bet divided by 20. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable multiplied by the coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Wild Symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter , the Wild2x , and the Wild3x symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol can only appear on reel 3 during the base game. The Wild symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the free games. Wild2x symbol: The Wild2x symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter , the Wild , and the Wild3x symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild2x symbol can only appear on reel 3 during the free games. All wins that include the Wild2x symbol are multiplied by 2. Wild3x symbol: The Wild3x symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter , the Wild , and the Wild2x symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild3x symbol can only appear on reel 3 during the free games. All wins that include the Wild3x symbol are multiplied by 3. Scatter symbol: The Scatter symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Wild , the Wild2x , and the Wild3x symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. The Scatter symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. When 3 Scatter symbols land simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4, free games are triggered. Jackpot Gold Shield: A Gold Shield may appear behind any symbol on reels 1 or 5 in the base game and free games. If Gold Shield symbols land simultaneously on reels 1 and 5, the Jackpot Feature is triggered. Free games: When 3 Scatter symbols land simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4, free games are triggered. 8 free games are awarded. During free games the reels spin automatically. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During free games Wild2x amd Wild3x may appear on reel 3. Free games can be triggered again during the free games. During the free games, any 3 Scatter symbols will award additional 8 free games. After the last free game has finished a message will appear informing you of your total winnings. Press Continue button to return to the main game. Jackpot Feature: A Gold Shield may appear behind any symbol on reels 1 or 5 in the base game and free games. If Gold Shield symbols land simultaneously on reels 1 and 5, the Jackpot Feature is triggered. When the Jackpot Feature is triggered, 12 scrolls will appear. Select a scroll to reveal one of the following types of prize: Mini Jackpot. Minor Jackpot. Major Jackpot. Grand Jackpot. Keep selecting scrolls until 3 matching prizes are revealed. The corresponding jackpot will be awarded and the bonus will end. The jackpot can be won during the free games. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.94%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020