Polar Paws About the game Polar Paws is a 5 reel, 25 bet lines video slot featuring Multiplier Wilds, a Free Spins Bonus, and the Polar Bears Turn Wild feature in Free Spins Bonus. Theoretical payout is 96.84%. How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: 1. Choose your total bet 2. Press the SPIN symbol button 3. Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of bet lines used in the game is fixed at 25. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Special Symbols Wild Symbols The game has two different kinds of Wild symbols in both the base game and the Free Spins Bonus: Regular Wild Multiplier Wild The Regular Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spin Scatter symbol, and the Multiplier Wild symbol. In the Free Spins Bonus, there are up to 3 additional Wild symbols as the Polar Papa Bear, Polar Mama Bear, and Polar Baby Bear symbols can turn wild. Regular Wild Regular Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Multiplier Wild, Free Spins Scatter symbol and the Christmas Elf Progress Scatter symbol. Multiplier Wild Multiplier Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spins Scatter symbol. For game rounds in which one or more Multiplier Wild symbols appear anywhere on the reels, a multiplier is awarded and applied to all line wins: 1 Multiplier Wild awards a X2 multiplier 2 Multiplier Wilds award a X3 multiplier 3 Multiplier Wilds award a X4 multiplier Only the highest multiplier is awarded. Polar Bears Turn Wild Symbols The regular Polar Papa Bear, Polar Mama Bear, and Polar Baby Bear symbols can all transform into Wild symbols in the Free Spins Bonus feature. When each of these symbols has turned wild, it will remain wild for the duration of the Free Spins Bonus feature and substitute for all symbols except the Christmas Elf Progress Scatter symbol. Free Spins Scatter Symbol Scatter pay combinations are awarded for any Free Spin Scatter symbols appearing on the reels. 3 Free Spin Scatter symbols appearing on the reels trigger the Free Spins Bonus feature. Free Spin Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Christmas Elf Progress Scatter Symbol Collect the Christmas Elf Progress Scatter symbol when in the Free Spins Bonus to turn Polar Bear symbols wild and win additional free spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. Last modification date: 10/14/2020