Gladiator Road To Rome 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Gladiator™ Road to Rome is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click Don’t show next time if you want to skip this screen in future. This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active win lines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. The total bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel at the bottom of the screen. Click '−' or '+' under TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button and click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During the Auto Play mode the SPIN button changes into STOP. Click this STOP button to stop the Auto Play session. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Colosseum Free Games feature or Gladiator Bonus is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed instead of the AUTO PLAY button, unless UNTIL FEATURE is chosen. The paytable can be accessed by clicking the i button. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed by clicking the i button. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The stacked Gladiator symbol with the text 'WILD' on it is the WILD symbol in the game. When a regular stacked Gladiator symbol fully fills a reel, it turns into a WILD symbol. WILD symbols can substitute for all symbols, except for SCATTER and BONUS symbols. SCATTER SYMBOL The Shield and Weapons symbol with the text 'SCATTER' on it is the SCATTER symbol in the game. 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger the Colosseum Free Games feature. SCATTER symbols do not appear during free games, meaning the Colosseum Free Games feature cannot be retriggered. COLOSSEUM FREE GAMES When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Colosseum Free Games feature is triggered. 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 5 free games. 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games. 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 12 free games. You will be presented with a screen showing 12 shields. Pick 3 shields to reveal the modifiers that will be applied to your free games: Extra free games : awards more free games. Extra free games are added to the number of free games already awarded. Win multiplier : multiplies all wins in the Free Games feature. Multipliers are additive, meaning if more than 1 multiplier is revealed the total value will be the combined total of all multipliers added together; Symbol payout boost : increases the payout of a randomly chosen symbol by 5x. A sideways reel will appear and cycle through all eligible symbols, eventually stopping automatically to indicate which symbol has an enhanced payout; Extra WILD symbol : turns a randomly chosen symbol into an extra WILD symbol. A sideways reel will appear and cycle through all eligible symbols, eventually stopping automatically to indicate which symbol will turn WILD ; Symbol pays as SCATTER : chooses a symbol that will expand and pay non-adjacent on a payline. 3 or more extra SCATTER symbols will pay anywhere they land on the reels. The extra SCATTER symbols animate and award a payout after any winnings from the other symbols. A sideways reel will appear and cycle through all eligible symbols, eventually stopping automatically to indicate which symbol will pay as a SCATTER symbol; Gladiator WILD nudge : means that when the Gladiator symbol lands partially on the reels it will shift to fill the whole reel and turn into a WILD symbol. Click CONTINUE to enter the Free Games round with your 3 awarded modifiers. During the Free Games round the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field beneath the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. The number of free games remaining is displayed above the reels. When all free games have been played, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary to return to the main game. BONUS SYMBOL The Helmet symbol with the text 'BONUS' on it is the BONUS symbol in the game. 3 BONUS symbols appearing simultaneously on reels #2, #3, and #4 during the main game trigger the Gladiator Bonus . The BONUS symbol does not appear during free games, meaning the Gladiator Bonus cannot be triggered during the Colosseum Free Games feature. GLADIATOR BONUS 3 BONUS symbols appearing anywhere on reels #2, #3, and #4 during the main game trigger the Gladiator Bonus . The game will automatically pick 9 helmets of gold, silver or bronze. Each helmet awards a prize that is a multiple of the total bet, with golden helmets awarding the most and bronze helmets the least. The values of the 9 helmets are accumulated to determine the total bonus prize. 9 gold helmets appearing simultaneously in the Gladiator Bonus round award the progressive Gladiator Jackpot . When 9 helmets have appeared, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary to return to the main game. GLADIATOR JACKPOT The Gladiator Jackpot is a progressive jackpot that is linked to the Gladiator series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the Gladiator games is added to the progressive jackpot. The Gladiator Jackpot is won when 9 gold helmets appear simultaneously during the Gladiator Bonus. The total win amount contains the bonus win that is added to the jackpot. In case you win the jackpot while one or more other players are spinning for it, the player who triggered the feature first will win the full jackpot amount (seed plus progressive) whereas the other player(s) will be awarded the jackpot seed only. After you have won the Gladiator Jackpot , click the CONTINUE button to return to the main game. The jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): €50,000 Average contribution rate (what average percentage of each bet goes into the jackpot): 1.00% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): 9 golden helmets during the Gladiator Bonus round. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play a game linked to the Gladiator Jackpot . Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same progressive jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the i button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at either side of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. The Payouts screens show all winning combinations. The Feature screens explain the features that can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking X on the upper right-hand corner of the dialogue window exits the i screen and returns to the game. Buttons: i - Opens the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). “+”and “−” buttons – Increase or decrease total bet. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 05% , that includes Jackpot Contribution of 1 . 00 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020