Age of the Gods: Wonder Warriors 5-reel variable ways slot The objective of the Age of the Gods™: Wonder Warriors™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The game is played with variable ways to win. Any game spin may be evaluated with 243, 1024, 3125 or 7776 ways to win. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated Ways and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Ways : Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is equal to your total bet divided by 10. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and Free Games. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Shield . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Variable Ways Feature: During any main game spin, the reels may grow or shrink to display 3, 4, 5 or 6 symbol rows when stopped. The number of symbol rows on display at the end of the spin will determine the number of ways evaluated. 3 symbol rows will result in 243 active ways. 4 symbol rows will result in 1024 active ways. 5 symbol rows will result in 3125 active ways. 6 symbol rows will result in 7776 active ways. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. At the beginning of the Free Games, the player must select between available options: 15 Free Games awarded with 243 ways. 10 Free Games awarded with 1024 ways. 5 Free Games awarded with 3125 ways. Locked until 3 Free Games Features have been triggered - 3 Free Games awarded with 7776 ways. During the Free Games, 2 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 3 additional Free Games. The Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power : $20. Extra Power : $200. Super Power : $1,000. Ultimate Power : $5,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 2.00%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the casino), you will be notified of it by the casino. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.34%. Last modification date: 9/30/2025