Tiger Claw 6-Reel Slot with All-Ways Feature The objective of Tiger Claw™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with 4096 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The Total Bet per game round is the coin value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your coin value by clicking '−' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to see the Autoplay options.Clicking on an option starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the smaller STOP button beneath the number of remaining spins. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the feature ends, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the coin value multiplied by the value for the win on the paytable. All wins are displayed for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total winnings from a spin. ALL-WAYS FEATURE There is a fixed number of 4096 Ways to Win on every spin. 2 or more adjacent symbols appearing in any positions on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols appearing in any position on each consecutive reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbol can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol only appears on reels #2, #3, #4, #5 and #6. The WILD symbol can substitute for any other symbol, except the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. WILD symbols randomly multiply wins they participate in by ×2, ×3 and ×5 during the Free Games feature. WILD multipliers are additive, not multiplicative (e.g. a winning combination featuring both a ×2 and a ×3, WILD multiplier is multiplied by ×5 not ×6). The WILD symbol has no payout of its own. SCATTER SYMBOL 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels simultaneously during the main game trigger the Free Games feature. If 2 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on the reels during the Free Games feature, more Free Games are awarded.Additional free games can be won in this way indefinitely. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. The SCATTER symbol has no payout of its own. STACKED SYMBOLS The White Tiger symbol is stacked on all reels during the main game and the Free Games feature. FREE GAMES The Free Games feature is triggered by 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on reels. The greater the number of SCATTER symbols that trigger the Free Games feature, the greater the number of free games that are awarded: Number of SCATTER symbols that trigger the Free Games feature Number of free games awarded 3 8 free games 4 15 free games 5 25 free games 6 100 free games Tap the PLAY button on the pop-up screen to begin the Free Games feature. During Free Games feature, the reels are spun automatically for free using the same bet as the spin that triggered the feature. The Free Games Win field to the upper right of the game window shows the total win from the feature. The number of free games remaining is shown in the Spins Left box to the upper left of the game window. If 2 or more SCATTER symbols land on the reels simultaneously during the Free Games feature, additional free games will be awarded: Number of SCATTER symbols that land on a free games spin Number of additional free games awarded 2 5 free games 3 8 free games 4 15 free games 5 25 free games 6 100 free games Additional free games can be won in this way indefinitely. During the Free Games feature, WILD symbols randomly multiply wins they participate in by ×2, ×3 or ×5. WILD multipliers are additive, not multiplicative (e.g. a winning combination featuring both a ×2 and a ×3 WILD multiplier is multiplied by ×5 not ×6). After all free games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows the Game Win (the winnings that were received from the spin that triggered the Free Games feature), the Feature Win (the winnings that were received from the Free Games feature) and the Total Win (the sum of the Game Win and Feature Win). Click the CONTINUE button on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.96%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021