Forest Prince 6-reel 50-line slot To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Do not show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 50. Wins can form on any payline. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until BIG BUCKS FREE GAMES is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. BIG BUCKS FREE GAMES has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the BACK TO REELS button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet is how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The antlers symbol with the text ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The green and purple symbols with deer on them are the SCATTER symbols in the game. 5 or more SCATTER symbols on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, trigger Big Bucks Free Games . Purple SCATTER symbols transform into locked WILD symbols for the duration of the feature when they participate in combinations that trigger or retrigger Free Games . Big Bucks Free Games During the main game, when 5 SCATTER symbols land on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, Big Bucks Free Games is triggered. 5 SCATTER symbols award 5 free games. For each additional triggering SCATTER symbol, 5 additional free games are awarded, up to a maximum of 100 initial free games. During Big Bucks Free Games , if 5 SCATTER symbols land on adjacent reels from the leftmost reel, 5 extra free games are awarded. For each additional SCATTER symbol, 5 additional free games are awarded, up to a maximum of 100 extra free games. At the start of Free Games , any purple SCATTER symbols that participated in the triggering combination will transform into locked WILD symbols that remain in place for the duration of free games. If Free Games is retriggered, any purple SCATTER symbols that participated in the retriggering combination will also transform into locked WILD symbols for the duration of the feature. During Free Games , a SCATTER symbol that lands on the same position as a locked WILD symbol can still contribute to a retriggering combination. Stampede Feature The Stampede Feature can be triggered on any spin during the main game. During the Stampede Feature , extra SCATTER symbols are added to the reels, increasing the chance of triggering Big Bucks Free Games on that spin. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.84%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/29/2021