Sahara Riches: Cash Collect 5-reel 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. Wins can form on any payline. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY . When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. Feature and symbol payouts are listed in the paytable. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin value must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 30. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Cash Collect™ , Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games symbols. Cash Collect™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Cash Collect' on it is the Cash Collect™ symbol in the game. The Cash Collect™ symbol can land on reel #5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Cash Collect™ symbol on reel #5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Cash Collect™ Feature The Cash Collect™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Cash Collect™ symbol on reel #5 during the main game, or on reels #1-#5 during the Free Games , and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are corresponded to the players total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, +2 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize, number of free games or a cash prize accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Free Games Feature During the main game, when a Cash Collect™ symbol lands on reel #5 and 1 or more Free Games coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. During Free Games , the Cash Collect™ symbol can appear on all reels, and locks on the reels for 3 spins whenever it lands. Note : Each Cash Collect™ symbol has its own counter of 3 spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note : New Cash Collect™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Cash Collect™ symbol. During free games, each Cash Collect™ symbols collect all Cash Prize , Diamond and/or Free Games symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Cash Collect™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Cash Collect™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Cash Collect™ Prizes Simultaneously landing a Cash Collect™ symbol on reel #5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games , and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Cash Collect™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Cash Collect™ is locked on the reels during Free Games. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 2/20/2024