Book of Kings 5-reel 10-line slot The objective of the Book of Kings™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Book of Kings™ is a 5-reel, 3-row slot game with a free games feature. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 10. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Scatter wins can form from matching symbols in any position on any reels, according to the paytable. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Book symbol: The Book symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Book and Snake symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Book symbol is also a Scatter , and 3 or more Book symbols in any position will award a Scatter pay according to the paytable. Any combination of Book symbols on a line will stand for the symbol that results in the highest possible winning combination on that line. For example, 5 Book symbols on a line will be evaluated as 5 Girl symbols in addition to paying as a Scatter. 3 or more Book symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Book and Snake Symbol: The Book and Snake symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Book symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Book and Snake symbol is also a Scatter , and 3 or more Book and Snake symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Any combination of Book and Snake symbols on a line will stand for the symbol that results in the highest possible winning combination on that line in addition to paying as a Scatter. When the Book and Snake symbol trigger the Free Games Feature , all line and Scatter wins during the Free Games are tripled. Free Games: When 3 or more Book or Book and Snake symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, free games are triggered. When Book and Snake symbols participate in a trigger combination, all line and Scatter wins during the Free Games Feature are tripled. At the beginning of the feature a symbol will be chosen randomly to be the special expanding symbol for duration of the free games. The Book and Book and Snake symbols cannot be chosen as the special expanding symbol . 10 free games are awarded. During the free games, after the payout of regular symbols, each special expanding symbol may expand to cover all 3 positions on its reel. For each win line, any special expanding symbols will then be re-evaluated as if they appeared in sequence, starting from the leftmost reel. The special expanding symbol will expand only when additional wins can be awarded. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the free games, any 3 or more Book or Book and Snake symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels, will award 10 additional free games. The Book and Snake symbol does not appear in the Free Games Feature triggered by the Book symbol and vice versa. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.63%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is 250,000 Last modification date: 1/2/2024