Gold Hit and Link: Tiger Jones 5-reel, 4608-ways Slot To play the game: Press the ► button to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to open the pop-up menu. Press the lightning bolt button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Only the highest winning combination pays. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 3 or more matching symbols on consecutive reels. The Bonus, Cash Prize Coin, Collect Coin, Gold Link Coin and Special Prize Coin symbols are the exception to the rule above. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the Autoplay button, use the slider to select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Enabling Feature Bet increases your total bet, but does not change the payouts. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Wild Symbol: The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Bonus, Cash Prize Coin, Collect Coin, Gold Link Coin and Special Prize Coin symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Bonus Symbol: The symbol with the word 'BONUS' on it is the BONUS symbol in the game. 3 or more BONUS symbols on separate reels during the main game trigger the Free Games feature. Please note: BONUS symbols can land on the same position as any locked Coin symbol, potentially triggering the Free Games feature. Coin Symbols: Coin symbols can land on all reels during the main game or Free Games. There are 4 Coin symbols in the game: Cash Prize Coin - a coin symbol with a cash prize amount on it; Special Prize Coin - a coin symbol with the name of a prize on it; Collect Coin - a coin symbol with the word 'COLLECT' on it; Gold Link Coin - a coin symbol with the text 'Gold Link' on it. Any Coin symbol that appears on the reels locks in position for at least 3 spins during the main game, or locks throughout the Free Games or Gold Link features. Collect Coin collects all coin symbols on the reel it lands, except Gold Link Coin during the main game. During the Gold Link feature, Collect Coin collects 3-8 coin symbols. During the main game, only 1 Special Prize Coin, Gold Link Coin and/or Collect Coin can land on a single reel, and maximum 2 of any of those coins can be on a single reel. Gold Link Coins appear during the main game and the Gold Link feature only. Coin symbols are saved per bet level. Gold Hit feature: The Gold Hit feature appears in the main game. When a Coin symbol lands on the reels, it locks in position. A counter appears below the reel the Coin symbol lands on. It starts at 3 and decreases by 1 each subsequent spin. If more Coin symbols land on the same reel, they also lock in position, and the counter resets to 3. Filling a reel with Coin symbols awards the prizes on each coin symbol on that reel. On the next spin, locked Coin symbols spin off that reel. If the Gold Link coin is locked on the filled reel, the Gold Link feature will trigger. Cash Prize Coin symbols award a cash prize equal to their value when collected. Collect Coins gain a value equal to the sum of all coins locked on the same reel. Note: Cash Prize Coin symbols contain values of 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x multiplied by total bet. Note: When FEATURE BET is on, Cash Prize Coin symbols contain values of 0.4x, 0.8x, 1.2x, 1.6x, 2x, 2.4x, 3.2x, 4x, 8x multiplied by total bet. Special Prize Coins award 1 of 4 cash prizes when awarded: When FEATURE BET is off: MEGA prize value = total bet x 1000 MAJOR prize value = total bet x 200 MINOR prize value = total bet x 50 MINI prize value = total bet x 20 When FEATURE BET is on: MEGA prize value = total bet x 800 MAJOR prize value = total bet x 160 MINOR prize value = total bet x 40 MINI prize value = total bet x 16 Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The prize is chosen at random. Multiple Special Prize Coin, Collect Coin and Gold Link Coin symbols can land on the reels simultaneously. If you do not fill a reel with Coin symbols by the time the counter reaches 0, the Coin symbols locked on that reel spin off the reels on the next spin. Please note: if any Coin symbols are locked on the reels when Free Games are triggered, they reappear on the reels when the main game resumes. Coin symbols are saved per bet level. Free Games: Whenever 3 or more BONUS symbols land anywhere on separate reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. The more BONUS symbols that trigger the Free Games feature, the more free games you win: 3 BONUS symbols trigger 10 free games 4 BONUS symbols trigger 12 free games 5 BONUS symbols trigger 15 free games Press ► to start the Free Games feature. When the feature is triggered, any Coin symbols in view are removed from the reels. During Free Games, Coin symbols lock in position as soon as they land and remain locked throughout the feature. There is no counter beneath each reel. On each reel, a maximum of one Special Prize Coin and/or a maximum of one Collect Coin may land. These coins can land on the same reel. When a reel is filled with Coin symbols, a wheel displaying several win multiplier values appears on the screen. The multiplier wheel spins and lands on a value of up to ×5. That value is then applied to the prize on each Coin symbol locked to that reel. The multiplier wheel can also land on the Gold Link symbol and trigger the Gold Link feature. Please note: the wheel represented in the game does not reflect the real wheel, and the odds differ from those in real-life scenarios. When the Gold Link feature ends, the Free Games session will resume. When the Free Games feature ends, all prizes in view are awarded. The results pop-up window appears when the Free Games feature ends. Press ► to return to the main game. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Gold Link Feature: Collect a Gold Link coin during the Gold Hit feature in the main game, or land the multiplier wheel on the Gold Link symbol in Free Games to trigger the Gold Link feature. Press the ► button to start the feature. Any Coin symbols that triggered the feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, reappear on reels in random positions at the start the Gold Link feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is 1 or more new Coin symbol, it will lock in place, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. Every additional row is unlocked by landing 2 Gold Link coins. After unlocking the padlock, every Gold Link coin will transform to the cash coin worth 1x total bet value and lock in position. Note: When FEATURE BET is on, every Gold Link coin will transform to the cash coin worth 0.8x total bet value. Rows 5, 6, 7, and 8 have a Collect Coin beside them. Rows 6, 7, and 8 also have a multiplier: The Collect Coin in the 6th row is multiplied by x2; The Collect Coin in the 7th row is multiplied by x3; The Collect Coin in the 8th row is multiplied by x5; If the grid is filled with Сoin symbols, the 9th row is unlocked and three respins are awarded for a chance to win the MEGA prize. Note: 9th row can also be unlocked by landing a Gold Link coin. All prizes are awarded once after all respins have been completed. The results pop-up window appears when the feature ends. Press ► to return to the main game. Feature Bet Mode: In the main game, you can activate the Feature Bet mode and boost your chances of triggering the Gold Link feature. Press Feature Bet to toggle the mode on and off. Playing in Feature Bet mode increases your total bet by 1.25x. Enabling Feature Bet does not change the payouts. All Ways: There are 4608 possible winning combinations in this All Ways game. Any winning combinations of matching symbols on adjacent reels from left to right must start from the leftmost reel, and will pay regardless of the symbol position on the reel. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the STANDARD BET is 93.66%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the FEATURE BET mode is 93.66%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/24/2026