Grease 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Grease® is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Rockin’ and a Rollin’ Respins feature, Sweetheart Wild Symbols feature, Jukebox Bonus or Greased Lightning Jackpot is triggered. Clicking on a number of spins in the Autoplay menu starts the Autoplay session. During the Autoplay mode, the AUTO PLAY button changes into a small STOP button. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking on this small STOP button. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. When a feature is triggered, it will start automatically. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the INFO button or the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER ) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD symbol standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The Game Logo symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol triggers the JUKEBOX BONUS when appearing on reels #1, #3 and #5 simultaneously. DANNY, SANDY AND DANNY  SYMBOLS DANNY , SANDY and DANNY  symbols can appear as single symbols or in 2-symbol high or 3-symbol high stacks on the reels. DANNY  symbols can substitute for DANNY symbols and SANDY symbols at the same time. ROCKIN’ AND A ROLLIN’ RESPINS When DANNY , SANDY , or DANNY  symbols fill reel #1 during the main game, the Rockin’ and a Rollin’ Respins feature is triggered, once any wins from the spin are paid out. The reels will respin for free 3 times. Wins on the first 2 respins are not awarded; only wins on the 3rd respin pay out. During each respin, all WILD symbols and DANNY  symbols lock to the reels for the remainder of the feature. If the feature was triggered by DANNY symbols on reel #1, all DANNY symbols also lock to the reels. If the feature was triggered by SANDY symbols on reel #1, all SANDY symbols also lock to the reels. If the feature was triggered by DANNY  symbols on reel #1, all DANNY and SANDY symbols transform into DANNY  symbols that lock to the reels. When the feature ends, locked symbols unlock from the reels. Note: Free games cannot be triggered during the Rockin’ and a Rollin’ Respins feature. The Rockin’ and a Rollin’ Respins feature cannot be triggered during free games. SWEETHEART WILD SYMBOLS FEATURE The SWEETHEART WILD SYMBOLS FEATURE is a mystery in-reel feature that can be triggered on any spin in the main game. During the reel spin, WILD symbols fall from the top of the screen, adding 5-8 overlaid WILD symbols to random positions on the reels, including a guaranteed stack of wilds. JUKEBOX BONUS SCATTER symbols on reels #1, #3 and #5 trigger the Jukebox Bonus feature, and a choice of 3 features. Click START at the bottom of a jukebox to select 1 of 3 features: BETTER SHAPE UP FREE GAMES The Better Shape Up Free Games feature awards 12 free games with only high-paying symbols and WILD symbols on the reels. During this feature, all DANNY and SANDY symbols are also transformed into DANNY  symbols. During the Better Shape Up Free Games feature, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Jukebox Bonus . The number of free games remaining is displayed above the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Win field. At the end of the round, a result board appears that summarises the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Note: SCATTER symbols do not appear during the Better Shape Up Free Games feature. SUMMER NIGHTS FREE GAMES The Summer Nights Free Games feature awards 4 free games. On every spin, WILD symbols fall from the top of the screen, adding 5-8 overlaid WILD symbols to random positions on the reels, including a guaranteed stacked of wilds. During the Summer Nights Free Games feature, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Jukebox Bonus . The number of free games remaining is displayed above the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Win field. At the end of the round, a result board appears that summarises the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Note: SCATTER symbols do not appear during the Summer Nights Free Games feature. RYDELL HIGH BONUS In the Rydell High Bonus , you pick photos in a high school yearbook to win cash prizes. The bonus game has 5 levels. Pick 1 photo in each level to reveal a cash prize, WIN ALL or COLLECT . If you reveal a cash prize, you win that prize and advance to the next round of the bonus game. If you reveal WIN ALL you win all cash prizes in the level and advance to the next level of the bonus game. The first 4 levels have 5 photos, and the 5th level has only 2 photos. In the first level, COLLECT does not appear. The bonus game ends when you reveal COLLECT or you complete all 5 levels. Alternatively, you may click the Auto Pick button to have the selection for that level made for you. Your total win for the feature is displayed in the TOTAL WIN field at the top of the screen. At the end of the round, a result board appears that summarises the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. GREASED LIGHTNING JACKPOT The Greased Lightning Jackpot game can be triggered on any spin of any amount during the main game. Triggering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 2 progressive jackpots: Danny's Jackpot or Sandy's Jackpot . The amount of money in each jackpot is displayed beside the corresponding Danny's Jackpot and Sandy's Jackpot ticker at the top of the screen. Note that the higher the bet, the greater the chances of entering the Jackpot. The GREASED LIGHTNING JACKPOT game starts automatically. Click on GREASE logos until you collect 3 Danny or 3 Sandy symbols, and win the corresponding progressive jackpot. The number of collected symbols is displayed in the Danny's Jackpot and Sandy's Jackpot symbol counters at the top of the screen. The game will perform picks for you if you do not make your selections within 40 seconds. At the end of the jackpot game, a result board appears that summarises the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. The progressive jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the jackpot start out with): Danny's Jackpot: EUR 2,000.00; Sandy's Jackpot: EUR 200.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the GREASED LIGHTNING JACKPOT . Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play Grease® slot game. Please note: If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same progressive jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screens that describes the different game components. Clicking BACK exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Autoplay / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 46 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 55% , that includes Jackpot Contribution of 0 . 99 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020