Nian Nian You Yu 5-Reel 9-Line Slots The objective of Nian Nian You Yu™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. In this game, paylines pay both left to right and right to left. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost or the rightmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive. If more than one active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. In case one payline contains two winning combinations (one starting from the leftmost and the other from the rightmost reel), you are paid for both combinations. 5 of a kind wins are paid once per line. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol doubles any win in the combination it is in, but not cumulatively (that is, 2 WILD symbols still multiply the win by 2 and not by 4). The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. WILD symbol combinations do not pay separately. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in a consecutive order (either from left to right, or from right to left), the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings, if any. DRAGON JACKPOT The Dragon Jackpot is a 4-level mystery progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated by all players' stakes bet in all games which feature the Dragon Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game can randomly occur on any main game spin in any of the linked games, even if the spin has gained no winnings. A bet of any size can trigger the Jackpot game, but the higher your bet, the bigger your chance to enter the Dragon Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four Jackpots. Upon entering the Jackpot game, the screen will reveal a wheel with 10 positions on it. Each position holds a coloured symbol that represents 1 of the 4 jackpots. To win a Jackpot, you have to collect 3 symbols of the same colour. For example, if you collect 3 red symbols, you will win the value in the red ticker or its equivalent in other currencies. Spin the wheel by clicking on SPIN . Once you have collected 3 symbols of the same color, you win the corresponding Jackpot. At the end of the Jackpot game, a win screen displays your winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. The Dragon Jackpot works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Green: €10 Blue: €100 Red: €1,000 Yellow: €20,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 1% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Entering the Dragon Jackpot guarantees a win. Collect 3 symbols of the same color to win the corresponding Jackpot amount. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a game featuring the Dragon Jackpot. *The amount of the respective Jackpot awarded in your local currency should be equivalent to its amount in Euro. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Dragon Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.03%, which includes the Progressive Jackpot contribution of 1.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020