Piggies and the Bank LuckyTap To play the game: On the entry screen, press ► to start the game. Toss a coin into a piggy bank to win 3 to 18 of the prizes shown onscreen. If a coin does not land in a piggy bank, the round ends without a payout. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Press - or + beside TOTAL BET to choose the total bet, and press CONFIRM . Press ↻ to toss a coin. During the round the ↻ button becomes disabled. Pressing anywhere on the screen ends all animations and immediately displays the result. In the case of a winning round, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. The minimum bet in this game is $0.06 and the maximum bet in this game is $480.00. Autoplay: Coins are tossed automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press and hold the ↻ button, and then select the number of rounds to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining rounds are displayed. Autoplay ends after the specified number of rounds, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next round, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the stop button. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. Payouts: Prizes are shown on the coins displayed on the screen. Prizes contain values of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 15, 25, 40, 60, 90, 120, 200, and 500 multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is your total bet divided by 6. The tossed coin must successfully land in the piggy bank to award a payout. Successfully landing a coin in the piggy bank will award 3 to 18 of the prizes onscreen. Prizes accumulate and are shown in the win field. Bonus Symbol: The Coin showing the word BONUS is the Bonus symbol. Mystery Multiplier Feature: A random multiplier of X2, X3, X4, X5, X6 or X7 may appear on any round that results in winning 3 to 6 prizes and multiply all cash prizes won except Bonus symbols. Free Games: Win 3 Bonus symbols to trigger 10 free games. Free games are played automatically with the same bet that was placed on the round that triggered them. The Mystery Multiplier feature can trigger during Free Games . Win 3 Bonus symbols during the feature to win 10 additional free games. Free games can be retriggered an indefinite number of times. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.45%. The RTP value is the theoretical return to player, calculated by dividing the total winnings by total amount bet from 3000000000 simulated game rounds. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A round, the round will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering round, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the round will be automatically completed, but further rounds will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/16/2025