Wild Tome of the Woods About the game Wild Tome of the Woods is a 4x6 reel, 26 bet lines video slot. The game features Wild Tome symbols which turn themself and Regular symbols into Wild symbols. Theoretical payout is 96,28%. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of bet lines used in the game is fixed at 26. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Wild Tome Any Wild Tome symbols appearing on the reels reveals one of the regular symbols that are currently visible. Every position where the revealed symbol appears is transformed into a Wild symbol. The final transformation may reveal an additional Wild Tome symbol instead. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. If no regular symbols remain, any Wild Tome symbols left will transform into Wild symbols. ALL WILDS WIN Filling the entire grid with Wild symbols triggers the ALL WILDS WIN feature, paying 1000x bet! Special symbols Regular Symbols The following are the 'Regular Symbols': The Owl, Fox, Newt, Red Vial, Yellow Vial and Green Vial symbols. Wild Tome symbol Any Wild Tome symbols appearing on the reels reveals one of the Regular symbols. Every position where the revealed symbol appears is transformed into a Wild symbol. The final transformation may reveal an additional Wild Tome symbol instead. Wild Symbol Wild symbol replaces all Regular symbols. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020