Super Stepper Super Stepper™ 3-reel, 9-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also tick DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Select your total bet in the pop-up menu using arrow side buttons. Confirm your total bet by pressing the ✓ button. Press the LIGHTNING button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the LIGHTNING button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 9 active paylines. Each reel shows 1 or 2 symbols, creating different paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except BONUS symbols. There is also a separate payout for 3 WILD symbols on the payline. Bonus Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘BONUS’ on it is the BONUS symbol in the game. Landing 3 BONUS symbols on a payline awards 5 Free Games . Multiplier Ladder: There is a Multiplier Ladder next to the reels. During any spin, a number of Flame symbols can light up in the reel cells. Depending on the number of the Flame symbols lit on the reels, the win multiplier value will be chosen. The multiplier values for 2, 3, 4, and 5 lit Flame symbols are x2, x3, x4 and x5 respectively. The multiplier value for 6 Flame symbols can be x10, x12, x15, or x18. The multiplier value for 7 Flame symbols can be x20, x25, x30, or x40. The multiplier value for 8 Flame symbols can be x50, x60, x70, or x80. The multiplier value for 9 Flame symbols can be x100, x120, x140, or x150. The corresponding multiplier shown at the highlighted position is applied to any reel wins at the end of the spin. Super Multiplier: On any spin in the main game, the Super Multiplier mode may be randomly activated. On this spin, all multipliers on the Multiplier Ladder increase by 5 times. Increased multipliers apply for any winnings for one spin only. Free Games: Each payline filled with 3 BONUS symbols during the main game awards 5 Free Games . Maximum 20 Free Games can be triggered on the same spin. During Free Games , the Super Multiplier mode is always active. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Press the ► button on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. BUY FEATURE: Buy Feature is an optional way to manually trigger Free Games with 5, 10 or 20 free spins. The BUY FEATURE button is located to the right of the reels. Press the BUY FEATURE button to open the pop-up message where you can see the Buy Feature bet amount. The feature price is 65 × your base bet. After you have set the total bet, press ✓ to buy the feature at the cost displayed. Note: The ✓ button may be disabled if buying the feature will exceed the maximum total bet. Upon pressing the ✓ button, the reels will spin showing only BONUS symbols. Depending on the number of the BONUS symbols landing on the reels, Free Games will be awarded: 3 BONUS symbols on 1 payline award 5 Free Games 3 BONUS symbols on 2 paylines award 10 Free Games 3 BONUS symbols on 4 paylines award 20 Free Games If you do not want to buy a feature, press the Χ button. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) in the base game is 93.88%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 93.73%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 3/11/2026