Zodiac Supernova Zodiac Supernova Exploding Reels Slot Zodiac Supernova is a five reel, twenty five line slot with an Exploding Reels feature. Zodiac Supernova Exploding Reels Feature All symbol combinations defined in the pay table will trigger the Exploding Reels feature during game play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are displayed in the 'Won' field. All winning symbols in the combination disappear. All symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence, to fill the empty spaces. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are displayed in the 'Won' field. At the point when no winning symbol combinations are created and all wins are accumulated, winnings are credited to the user’s account balance. The Exploding Reels feature remains active until no winning symbol combinations are created. Zodiac Supernova Pay Table Winnings paid out on Zodiac Supernova are dependent on the symbols displayed on the line once the reels have come to a stop. 2, 3, 4 or 5 matched symbols pay multiples of the stake amount. Game Rules The following game rules apply: You can bet up to £5.00* per line creating a total maximum bet of £125* per spin. The minimum bet is £0.01 * The maximum win amount for this game is £30k* All wins pay from left to right. Any winning combination of matched symbols must start from reel 1 to 5 consecutively. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled line only. Exploding Reels will activate on winning lines only. In the event of a winning line the winning symbols will be removed and symbols will fall from above to fill the space. This set of symbols will then be evaluated for winning lines and so on. The Exploding Reels feature will continue until there are no longer any winning symbol combinations. Players also have the option to Autoplay up to 50 games. The autoplay function will only stop when the stop button is pressed We reserve the right to amend these game rules at any time. *All amounts shown here are in the base currency used on the platform which is GBP. We use a currency display rate conversion which may vary depending on the actual exchange rate at the time. The display rate may also vary from the actual exchange rate. The RTP for Zodiac Supernova is 95% (based on a game with the maximum number of lines selected). The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. Game Version: 17.1.0, 21/02/17 Last modification date: 6/21/2020