The Wild Chase About the game The Wild Chase is a 5 reel, 25 bet line video slot. The game features Multiplier Wild feature, and Free Spins Bonus feature. Theoretical payout is 96,72% How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. You can Quick Stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button again. Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflect the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible(not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Use SPACE for spin Use SPACE for spin allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features RESPIN FEATURE Any winning combination triggers the respin feature. All winning symbols will lock in their place, and the rest of the symbols will respin. Any symbols that add to a winning bet line will be locked, and the game respins again. The feature ends when no more winning combinations occur. The total win is paid out when there are no more respins. Bonus Scatter symbols do not trigger respins. MULTIPLIER WILD FEATURE Any Multiplier Wild symbol that is part of a winning combination awards a multiplier to all wins in that game round. 1 Multiplier Wild symbol = All wins x2 2 Multiplier Wild symbols = All wins x3 3 Multiplier Wild symbols = All wins x4 4 or more Multiplier Wild symbols = All wins x5 Multiplier Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbol. FREE SPINS BONUS 10 Free Spins are won when 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols have been collected in a single game round. The number of Bonus Scatter symbols collected is visible in the BONUS meter Each spin in the Free Spins Bonus has one guaranteed Multiplier Wild symbol. The Multiplier Wild symbol still need to be a part of a winning bet line to add to the win multiplier. Free Spins cannot be retriggered in Free Spins. Special symbols Multiplier Wild Symbol Multiplier Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbol. Any Multiplier Wild symbol that is part of a winning combination trigger a multiplier for all wins in a game round. Bonus Scatter Symbol 3 Bonus Scatter symbols initiate the Free Spins Bonus. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020