The Walking Dead 5-reel 50-line slot The objective of The Walking Dead™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The entry screen displays the game’s features. Press the ► button to start the game. To open bet settings, tap the coin button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the lightning bolt button to activate TURBO MODE , making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the TURBO MODE session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet except SCATTER which pays in the total bet. Wild Symbol The hand with the word ‘WILD’ is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except SCATTER and coin symbols. Scatter Symbol The symbol with 3 shields showing ‘FREE GAMES’ is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol appears on all reels during the main game. Coin Symbol Coin symbols appear on the reels displaying a cash value (total bet x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 and x15), key or Biohazard Sign (total bet x20, x50, x200, x1000). The coin symbol can land on all reels. Free Games 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 6 Free Games in 1 of 5 Free Games mode: The Horde Free Games Saviors Free Games Alexandria Respins The Whisperers Free Games Wild Walkers Respins After the Free Games feature is triggered, a wheel appears on the screen. Press the ► button to spin the wheel, and it will land randomly on a feature. 3 or more SCATTER symbols during any Free Games mode retrigger 6 more Free Games . Press the ► button to start the feature. The Horde Free Games During The Horde Free Games , each WILD and coin symbol landing on reels 2, 3 or 4 will expand to fill the reel. When the feature ends, the win amount is shown on the congratulations screen. Press ► to return to the main game. Saviors Free Games During the Saviors Free Games , each WILD and coin symbol landing on reels 2, 3 or 4 will get a random multiplier. Multipliers values can be x2, x3, x4 and x5. Each position on those reels will get its own multiplier. Multipliers are additive. Biohazard Sign symbols are not multiplied. When the feature ends, the win amount is shown on the congratulations screen. Press ► to return to the main game. Alexandria Respins Every time a full stack of coin symbols lands anywhere on the reels, the Respins feature starts. During Respins , the Free Games counter will be frozen. The stack shifts 1 position to the left on each spin. 3 or more coins in addition to the stack of coins during the Alexandria Respins trigger The Tower Feature . Respins end when the coin stack leaves the reels or after The Tower Feature is completed. Free Games will then resume. When 6 or more coins appear on the same spin, The Tower Feature is immediately triggered without triggering Respins . When the feature ends, the win amount is shown on the congratulations screen. Press ► to return to the main game. The Whisperers Free Games Every spin, up to 3 reels can appear as special reels with distinct graphics. Special reels contain WILD and coin symbols only. When 6 or more coin symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, The Tower Feature is triggered. The Free Games feature resumes after The Tower Feature is complete. When the feature ends, the win amount is shown on the congratulations screen. Press ► to return to the main game. Wild Walkers Respins When a stack of WILD symbols fully lands anywhere on the reels, they are transformed into Wild Walkers , and the Respins feature starts. During Respins , the Free Games counter will be frozen. The Wild Walkers stack shifts 1 position to the left on each spin. Respins end when all Wild Walkers stacks shift off the reels. During Respins , any coin symbol transforms into a WILD symbol. If a new stack of WILD symbols fully lands anywhere on the reels during Respins , it will transform into Wild Walkers , and Respins continue. If a full stack of coin symbols lands, it will transform to Wild Walkers . If this happens during Respins , then Respins will continue. When 6 or more coins land on the same spin, The Tower Feature is triggered. When the feature ends, the win amount is shown on the congratulations screen. Press ► to return to the main game. The Tower Feature When 6 or more coin symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, The Tower Feature is triggered. Any coin symbol that triggered the feature and the prizes that appeared on them lock in position during the feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is 1 or more new coin symbol, it will lock in place, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. Every additional row is unlocked by collecting 2 coin symbols with a key. The values of any locked coin symbols on the 7th row are multiplied by x2, except for those with a Biohazard Sign. The values of any locked coin symbols on the 8th row are multiplied by x5, except for those with a Biohazard Sign. All coin symbols on the 9th row are transformed to coin symbols displaying a Biohazard Sign . All prizes are awarded once after all respins have been completed, or the grid is filled with coin symbols. The Walking Dead™ Prizes There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . During The Tower Feature , each Biohazard Sign coin will transform to award the GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR or MINI prize: The GRAND prize value = total bet x 1,000 The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 200 The MINOR prize value = total bet x 50 The MINI prize value = total bet x 20 These prizes can be won multiple times in each The Tower Feature session. Please note: The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $500.00. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 8/19/2025