Halloween Fortune 2 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Halloween Fortune II™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games round is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Pumpkin symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except for the SCATTER symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The Game Logo is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any reel position during the main game trigger 10 Free Games with an increasing win multiplier and a frozen EXTRA WILD symbol. Free Games begin with a win multiplier of X2. This multiplier value increases by 1 after every second spin during Free Games: Free Games Spins Win Multiplier 1st and 2nd X2 3rd and 4th X3 5th and 6th X4 7th and 8th X5 9th and 10th X6 All wins received from a Free Games spin will be multiplied by the multiplier for that spin. This means that any winnings from the first and second Free Games spins are multiplied by X2, while any winnings from the third and the fourth spins are multiplied by X3, and so on. The EXTRA WILD symbol is frozen in the middle position of reel 3 during all Free Games and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER . During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels during Free Games, a payout is won but more Free Games are not triggered. The Free Games win multiplier starts at X2 on the first spin every time the feature is triggered. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.99%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021