Egyptian Emeralds 5-reel 10-line slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + in the LINES field to choose the number of active paylines. Press - or + in the LINE BET field to choose the line bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE, which will spin the reels until the Scarab Respins feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. Symbol payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the ARROW button. Paylines: This game is played with a total number of 10 paylines. Only active paylines can register line wins. The total bet per game round is the line bet × active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Scarab Wild Symbol: The scarab symbol with 2 crystals is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol to make the best possible winning combination. 1 or more stack of 3 WILD symbols on reels 2, 3 or 4 triggers the Scarab Respins feature. Scarab Respins During the main game, if 1 or more stack of 3 WILD symbols lands on reels 2, 3 or 4, the Scarab Respins feature is triggered. During Scarab Respins , the reels spin again for free and all triggering WILD symbols shift to random positions across the reels. If 1 or more stack of 3 WILD symbols lands on reels 2, 3 or 4 during Scarab Respins , the feature is retriggered. Only newly landed stacks of 3 WILD symbols can retrigger the feature. All previous triggering and retriggering WILD symbols shift to random positions across the reels during Scarab Respins . If the feature is not retriggered, the feature ends. Note : Only 1 Shifting WILD symbol can land on a single position. Shifting WILD symbols cannot cover other shifting WILD symbols. Note : A shifting WILD symbol can cover a retriggering WILD symbol that appears on the reels. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.36%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 6/18/2020