Treasures of the Lamps 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Treasures of the Lamps is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your line bet per game round is your total bet divided by 20. Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. Choose your bet by clicking '–' or '+' below 'BET'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the STARGAZER BONUS , MAGIC LAMP feature or FREE GAMES feature is triggered. During Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto Play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or the Menu page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable , which can be accessed via the INFO button or the paytable option in the Casino toolbar. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination on a winning payline. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. SCATTER SYMBOL When SCATTER symbols land on reels #1, #3 and #5 simultaneously, they trigger either the STARGAZER BONUS or the FREE GAMES feature. Each SCATTER symbol reveals an aspect of the won feature. The SCATTER symbol on reel #1 reveals the number of free games awarded in the FREE GAMES feature or the number of bonus picks awarded in the STARGAZER BONUS . The SCATTER symbol on reel #3 reveals the win multiplier applied to the total win from the FREE GAMES feature or to the total win in the STARGAZER BONUS . This multiplier is applied to the total win at the end of either feature. The SCATTER symbol on reel #5 reveals the won feature: STARGAZER BONUS or FREE GAMES . THE MAGIC LAMP FEATURE The MAGIC LAMP feature can be triggered on any spin in the main game or FREE GAMES , or when any star is picked in the STARGAZER BONUS . There are 3 Genies in the game: red, green and yellow. When the feature is triggered, the Magic Lamp at the top of the screen will shake and release a plume of smoke that summons 1 of the 3 genies. Red Genie When the red genie appears during the main game or the FREE GAMES feature, the Locking Wild Respins feature is triggered. Any WILD symbols in the spin result lock to the reels, and the reels respin for free until there is a winning combination. All WILD symbols that land during the respins also lock to the reels for the remainder of the respins. When the red genie appears during the STARGAZER BONUS , a cash prize is awarded and you receive 2-3 extra picks. Green Genie When the green genie appears during the main game or the FREE GAMES feature, the Spreading Wild Symbols feature is triggered. When this happens, 3-6 extra WILD symbols are added to adjacent reel positions, potentially creating or improving winning combinations. When the green genie appears during the STARGAZER BONUS , the value of the cash prize awarded by the star is increased to 10x, 12x, 15x or 20x your total bet. Yellow Genie When the yellow genie appears during the main game or the FREE GAMES feature, the Extra Wild Symbols feature is triggered. When this happens, 3-5 extra WILD symbols are added to random reel positions, potentially creating or improving winning combinations. When the yellow genie appears during the STARGAZER BONUS , 2-5 stars are picked automatically. Stars automatically picked by the yellow genie do not decrease the number of picks remaining. Automatic picks may trigger the red or green genie, but not a yellow genie. FREE GAMES FEATURE The FREE GAMES feature is triggered during a spin when SCATTER symbols land on reels #1 and #3 and the FREE GAMES SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5. The SCATTER symbol on reel #1 reveals the number of free games awarded, and the SCATTER symbol on reel #3 reveals the win multiplier applied to all wins during the FREE GAMES feature. To enter the FREE GAMES feature, click the CLICK TO START button and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up screen. During the feature, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win multiplier applied to all wins is displayed in the MULTIPLIER field. After each spin, the win is displayed in the WIN field. The TOTAL WIN field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. The number of free games remaining is shown in the FREE GAMES field. At the end of the feature, a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Note: the MAGIC LAMP feature can be triggered on any spin during FREE GAMES . This means Locking Wild Respins , Spreading Wild Symbols and Extra Wild Symbols may occur on any spin during the FREE GAMES feature. STARGAZER BONUS FEATURE The STARGAZER BONUS feature is triggered during a spin when SCATTER symbols land on reels #1 and #3 and the STARGAZER BONUS SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5. The SCATTER symbol on reel #1 reveals the number of bonus picks awarded, and the SCATTER symbol on reel #3 reveals the win multiplier applied to all wins during the STARGAZER BONUS feature. To enter the STARGAZER BONUS , click the CLICK TO START button and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up screen. You will then be presented with a starry night sky featuring 15 randomly placed stars. Pick stars to reveal cash prizes of between 0.5x and 10x your total bet. The MAGIC LAMP feature can be triggered after any pick, summoning a red, green or yellow genie. The red genie awards 2-3 extra picks, the green genie increases the value of the star cash prize to 10x, 12x, 15x or 20x your total bet, and the yellow genie automatically awards 2-5 star prizes. Stars automatically picked by the yellow genie do not decrease the number of picks remaining. Automatic picks made by the yellow genie may trigger a red or green genie, but not a yellow genie. Picking a star may also form a constellation. When this happens, a cash prize is awarded equal to the amount in the NEXT CONSTELLATION PAYS field. You are then taken to a new stage with 15 new randomly placed stars. You may continue to pick stars until the number in the PICKS field reaches 0. If the total number of revealed prizes reaches 360, the feature will end automatically (regardless of the number of picks remaining). The number of picks remaining is shown in the PICKS field at the top of the screen. The TOTAL WIN field on the top of the screen shows the accumulated winnings from all picks. The MULTIPLIER field shows the win multiplier that will be applied to the final total win amount. The NEXT CONSTELLATION PAYS field shows the unmultiplied value of the constellation reveal prize for the current stage. At the end of the bonus round, a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Note: If you are disconnected during the Stargazer Bonus you may see a new arrangement of stars when you log back in and continue the feature. This will not affect any wins for the feature. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Buttons: INFO - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Clicking REELS exits the INFO screen and returns to the game. BET + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the total bet. AUTOPLAY / STOP AUTOPLAY - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. TURBO MODE – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. SPIN - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. STOP - Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.25%. Last modification date: 12/8/2021