Man of Steel 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Man of Steel™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. The number of active paylines is fixed (25) and cannot be changed. The number of active paylines in Krypton Free Games is fixed (50) and cannot be changed. Total bet per game round = line bet × 25. Choose total bet value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. Reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, tap Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, tap Exit. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the INFO page. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS There are 6 WILD symbols in the game: Superman WILD, General Zod WILD, Faora WILD, Namek WILD, Jor-El WILD and Regular WILD. Superman WILD and General Zod WILD symbols only appear during the main game and Battle for Earth Free Games. Faora WILD and Namek WILD symbols only appear during Battle for Earth Free Games. Jor-El WILD symbols only appear during Krypton Free Games. Regular WILD symbols only appear during the main game, Battle for Earth Free Games and the World Engine Bonus. WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER symbols, to make the highest possible winning combination. When a Superman WILD symbol and a General Zod WILD symbol both land on the same row during the main game (with the Superman WILD symbol to the left of the General Zod WILD symbol) Battle for Earth Free Games is triggered. The World Engine Bonus SCATTER symbol is also WILD symbol during the World Engine Bonus feature. SCATTER SYMBOLS There are 2 SCATTER symbols in the game: Krypton Bonus SCATTER and World Engine Bonus SCATTER. When the Krypton Bonus SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, 7 Krypton Free Games are triggered. When the World Engine Bonus SCATTER lands on reel #5 the World Engine Bonus feature is triggered. SHIFTING WILD SYMBOLS Superman WILD, General Zod WILD, Faora WILD and Namek WILD symbols are shifting WILD symbols. After shifting WILD symbols land they remain on the reels and shift across one position during the next spin. Superman WILD symbols shift one position to the right during each spin. General Zod WILD, Faora WILD and Namek WILD symbols shift one position to the left during each spin. When a Superman WILD symbol is on reel #5 it will shift off the reels during the next spin. When a General Zod WILD, Faora WILD or Namek WILD symbol is on reel #1 it will shift off the reels during the next spin. Increasing the line bet will cause any shifting WILD symbols on the reels to disappear. KRYPTON FREE GAMES If a Krypton Bonus SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, 7 Krypton Free Games are triggered. Click the CLICK TO START button to begin free games and then click OK on the pop-up message. Krypton Free Games are played on a special set of reels that contain a different set of symbols and have 50 paylines. At the start of the feature up to 10 Jor-El WILD symbols can appear on the reels. These Jor-El WILD symbols will remain locked in position for all the free games. Additional Jor-El WILD symbols cannot land on the reels during the free games (but the feature can be retriggered). During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field to the right of the reels. The number of Free Games left to play is shown in the Free Games Left field to the left of the reels. If the Krypton Bonus SCATTER symbol lands on reel 5 then 7 additional free games are triggered. The current locked Jor-El WILD symbols will disappear from the reels and a number of new Jor-El WILD symbols will appear on the reels and lock in position. The additional free games will be added to the number of free games left to play. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click OK to return to the main game reels. WORLD ENGINE BONUS When the World Engine Bonus SCATTER symbol lands on reel #5, the World Engine Bonus feature is triggered. During this feature up to 7 Regular WILD symbols will be added to random positions in the spin result. Any wins on the reels are then calculated as standard. Note: the World Engine Bonus feature cannot be triggered when there are 1 or more WILD symbols on the reels. The World Engine Bonus SCATTER symbol is also WILD symbol during the World Engine Bonus feature. BATTLE FOR EARTH FREE GAMES When a Superman WILD symbol and a General Zod WILD symbol both land on the same row during the main game (with the Superman WILD symbol to the left of the General Zod WILD symbol) Battle for Earth Free Games is triggered. Click the CLICK TO START button to begin the free games and then click OK on the pop-up message. Free Games are played with 4 shifting WILD symbols. When a Superman WILD symbol lands on the same row as a General Zod WILD, Faora WILD or Namek WILD symbols (and the Superman WILD symbol is to the left of the other symbol) the pair will fight on the reels. The symbol that loses the fight will shift off the reels and leave extra Regular WILD symbols in their path. Free Games end when a Superman WILD symbol is defeated. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field to the right of the reels. The number of Free Games played is shown in the Free Games field to the left of the reels. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click OK to return to the main game reels. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level mystery progressive jackpot that is linked to the DC Super Heroes series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the DC Super Heroes games is added to the progressive jackpot. The percentage of all bets placed is split between four jackpot levels, which are displayed in the upper part of the game screen, above the reels. Any level of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game, which can be triggered randomly after any main game spin in any of the DC Super Heroes series of games. It is not triggered by any symbol combination, and even a main game spin that does not result in a win can trigger the jackpot game. Triggering the jackpot game is possible at any bet size, but the chances increase or decrease proportionally with the size of the bet. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots: Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Grand Jackpot. The four different jackpot levels represent different prize amounts, with the Mini Jackpot awarding the smallest prize and the Grand Jackpot awarding the largest. The jackpot game screen features a selection grid with 20 hexagonal cells. Picking a cell reveals one of the four energy colours, each one corresponding to one of the four progressive jackpots: Green for Mini Jackpot, Blue for Minor Jackpot, Yellow for Major Jackpot and Red for Grand Jackpot. When a colour is revealed, it fills one of the energy balls under the relevant jackpot field. Each one of the jackpots requires a different number of energy balls filled in order to be won: 2 balls for Mini Jackpot, 3 balls for Minor Jackpot, 4 balls for Major Jackpot and 5 balls for Grand Jackpot. The player picks cells from the grid until the required number of balls in the same colour have been selected to win one of the jackpots. Once all matching balls have been collected, the corresponding jackpot level will be awarded. Clicking Continue ends the jackpot game and returns the player to the main game. The jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings from the triggering spin (if any) and are displayed in the Win field, together with any other winnings. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If a matching set of balls is not collected by the player before the set amount of time elapses, cells will be selected automatically and the corresponding jackpot will be awarded. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in Euros in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel. The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Payouts, Features, Paylines and Jackpot screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking the BACK TO REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info – Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines – screen illustrates the number of active paylines in the game. Total Bet – Increase or decrease the Total Bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets : unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.05%, which includes the Jackpot contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020