Maji Wilds 5-Reel 50-Line Slot The objective of Maji Wilds™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Before entering the game, click either PLAY on the splash screen to enter the main game or MORE INFO to view the paytable. This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 50. The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel at the bottom of the screen. Click '−' or '+' under LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button and click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During the Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP . Click this STOP button to stop the Autoplay session. Select the number of spins to be played automatically - from 10 to 99. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the Paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS After each spin any card set symbols on the reels transform into 1 of 5 different WILD symbols: Bad spirit WILD – spirits burst from the symbol and transform random symbols on the reels into Bad spirit WILD symbols. These new WILD symbols function as regular WILD symbols. Voodoo doll WILD – this symbol is locked in position by 5 pins. After each spin it loses 1 pin. After 5 spins the Voodoo doll WILD symbol is removed from the reels. The Voodoo doll WILD symbol is fixed to the chosen line bet. Snake WILD – the snake on the card slithers over the reels and transforms all the symbols in its path into Snake WILD symbols. These new WILD symbols function as regular WILD symbols. Shrunken head WILD – this symbol stays locked in its position until it participates in a winning combination. Any wins containing a Shrunken head WILD symbol are multiplied by the multiplier on the symbol. The multiplier on the symbol increases by 1 after each spin in which it does not participate in a win (up to a maximum of x5). In a winning combination that contains more than 1 Shrunken head WILD , the Shrunken head WILD multipliers are added together to make the multiplier that applies. The value of the multiplier will be reset as soon as the Shrunken head WILD symbol is unlocked. The Shrunken head WILD symbol is fixed to the chosen line bet. Regular WILD – this is a standard WILD symbol that doesn’t have any modifiers. WILD symbols can stand for any other symbols to make the highest possible winning combinations. A new WILD symbol will not affect a position that is already occupied by a WILD symbol. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the 'i' button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at either side of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the Paytable. The Payouts screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screens explain which features can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back n the lower left-hand corner of the dialogue window exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: 'i' - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (Paytable). + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the line bet. Spin - Spins the reels. Autoplay / Stop - Spins the reels a number of times in succession. / Ends the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both the desktop and mobile versions of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.25%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020