Casino Hold 'Em Casino Hold’Em is a variation of five-card poker. You are dealt two cards to use alongside the five-card flop to make the best possible poker hand. In order to play, you must first make an Ante bet. You can also place an optional AA side bet on the first five cards you are dealt (your two cards plus the first three flop cards) including a pair of Aces or better. The best possible hand is formed for you automatically. Casino Hold’Em is played with a single 52-card deck. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. TO PLAY THE GAME Click on a chip to select it. Then click the Ante and AA circles on the table to place your bets. Please note the minimum and maximum table limits are shown on the table. To remove all bets from the table and start over, click CLEAR BETS . When you have placed your bets, click the DEAL button. You can also click DOUBLE & DEAL to double all your bets. Both you and the dealer will be given two cards (the dealer's are face down), and three cards will be dealt to the flop. If the cards you see make up a poker hand, the type of hand is displayed. If you have a pair of Aces or better (and have placed an AA side bet) you win the AA side bet. Please note: you must call to collect your AA side bet winnings. If you do not, you will lose your AA bet even if you have a valid hand. You can now choose to CALL and continue playing against the dealer, or FOLD and lose your bets. If you call, you will have to place double your original Ante bet in the Call circle. Please note: if you do not have sufficient balance to place the Call bet, you can either fold or go to the Cashier and deposit some more money. The last two cards are dealt to the flop. The dealer's cards are turned face up, and the best possible hand is formed for each of you. If your hand is better than the dealer's, you win and your Ante and Call bets are returned to you along with your winnings. If not, you lose your bets. If the hands are identical, it is a push and your bets are returned to you. If you wish to play another round, place your bets as described above and click DEAL or DOUBLE & DEAL . You can also click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round or REBET & DEAL to place the same bets and have the cards dealt. BUTTONS DEAL – Deal the cards. DOUBLE & DEAL – Double all your bets and deal the cards. CALL – Place a Call bet (double your Ante bet) and continue playing against the dealer. FOLD – Forfeit your Ante (and AA) bet and end the game round. REBET – Place the same bet as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bet as in the previous round and deal the cards. CLEAR BETS – Remove all bets from the table. HAND RANKING At every stage of the game round, the best five-card hands available are formed automatically. The dealer has to have at least a pair of 4s to qualify – if not, your Call bet is returned and the Ante bet pays according to the paytable. If the dealer qualifies and the dealer's hand is better than your hand, you lose your Ante and Call bets. If the dealer qualifies and your hand is better than the dealer's hand, your Ante bet pays according to the paytable and your Call bet pays 1 to 1. If the dealer qualifies and you and the dealer have hands of the same type, the one that is composed of the highest-value card wins (i.e. Three Kings beats Three Queens; a flush of A, 6, 5, 4, 3 beats a flush of K, J, 10, 8, 7). If the hands are equal, then the highest unused card in the five-card hand determines the winner (i.e. a hand of 10, 10, A, 8, 8 beats a hand of 10, 10, K, 8, 8). If the five-card hands are identical, then it is a push and both the Ante and Call bets are returned. The Ace is a semi-wildcard; it can be the highest-value card in a straight of A, K, Q, J, 10, or the lowest-value card in a straight of 5, 4, 3, 2, A. PAYTABLES When you win, your bet is returned to you along with your payout. Winning hands pay according to the following tables: AA Bet Hand Payout Royal flush 100 to 1 Straight flush 50 to 1 4 of a kind 40 to 1 Full house 30 to 1 Flush 20 to 1 Straight or lower 7 to 1 Ante Bet Hand Payout Royal flush 100 to 1 Straight flush 20 to 1 4 of a kind 10 to 1 Full house 3 to 1 Flush 2 to 1 Straight or lower 1 to 1 Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The optimal theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.84% for the Ante bet and for the AA side bet is 93.74%. Last modification date: 6/18/2020