Buffalo Blitz 6-Reel Slot with All-Ways Feature The objective of Buffalo Blitz™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with 4096 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your coin value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the AutoPlay function. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games round is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the coin value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable. All wins are displayed for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total winnings from a spin. Bet Range Min Bet : 0.40 Max Bet : 200.00 ALL-WAYS FEATURE There is a fixed number of 4096 Ways to Win on every spin. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols appearing in any position on each consecutive reel. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbol can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Diamond symbol. The WILD symbol appears on reels #2, #3, #4, #5 and #6 only. The WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbols randomly multiply wins by x2, x3 and x5 during Free Games. In a winning Free games spin, WILD multipliers are added up and not multiplied by each other (e.g. 2+3= 5 and not 2*3=6). The WILD symbol has no payout of its own. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Free Games symbol. 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols trigger the Free Games feature when appearing anywhere on the reels. If 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on the reels during the Free Games feature 5 and more Free Games are awarded. Additional Free Games can be won in this way indefinitely. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. FREE GAMES The Free Games feature is triggered by 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on reels. The greater the number of SCATTER symbols that trigger the Free Games feature, the greater the number of Free Games that are awarded: Number of SCATTER symbols that trigger the Free Games feature Number of Free Games awarded 3 8 Free Games 4 15 Free Games 5 25 Free Games 6 100 Free Games Click the PLAY button to begin the Free Games feature when it is triggered. During Free Games, the reels are spun automatically. The Free Games Win box to the upper center of the game window shows the accumulated free games you have won. The Multiplier box to the upper left of the game window displays the accumulated win multiplier value. The number of free spins remaining is shown in the Spins Left box to the upper right of the game window. If 2 or more SCATTER symbols land on the reels simultaneously during the Free Games feature additional Free Games will be awarded: Number of SCATTER symbols that land on a Free Games spin Number of additional Free Games awarded 2 5 Free Games 3 8 Free Games 4 15 Free Games 5 25 Free Games 6 100 Free Games Additional Free Games can be won in this way indefinitely. After all Free Games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free games) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking OK button on the screen will return you to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.96%. Build: 19.3.9.56 Last modification date: 4/25/2023