Diamond Match Diamond Match 5-reel 40-line slot with a main and special grid To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the TURBO button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into. Pressing ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet / 40. Main and Special Reels: There are two reels in the game. The main is the bottom reel and the special reel is located at the top. Diamond Match symbols can only land on the bottom reels. Prize , Green Arrow , and Red Arrow symbols can only land on the top reels. Some positions on the top reels may be blank. The Diamond Match symbol collects all prize and arrow symbols that land on the top reels on the same grid as the Diamond Match symbol on the bottom reels. Each symbol position of the special reel spins independently. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word 'WILD' on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbols can substitute for all symbols except Diamond Match symbols. Diamond Match Symbol: The symbol with the words 'Diamond Match' on it is the Diamond Match symbol in the game. Diamond Match symbols can land anywhere on the bottom reels and can come as stacked symbols. During the main game, landing a Diamond Match symbol anywhere on the bottom reels will collect any prize symbol – Cash Prize , Free Games or Diamond - which landed on the corresponding grid on the top reels on that spin. Diamond Match Feature: The Diamond Match Feature is triggered by landing a Diamond Match symbol anywhere on the bottom reels during the main game, and a prize symbol on an identical grid on the top reels on the same spin. There are 3 prize symbols in the game: The symbol with the cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes depend on the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, a +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a prize symbol awards you a cash prize, a number of free games, or one of the Diamond Prizes with up to a x5 multiplier accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the prize symbols will reset. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Note : Free Games symbols with values of +3, +4 may only appear during the Diamond Match Free Games feature. Diamond Match Free Games Feature: During the main game, when 1 or more Diamond Match symbols on the bottom reels match with a Free Games prize symbol on the top reels, the Diamond Match Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games prize symbol that lands and matches with a Diamond Match symbol on the bottom reels, awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games prize symbols match with the Diamond Match symbols, the total number of free games won equals the sum of all numbers on the matching Free Games prize symbol. Press the ► button to start the feature. Each Diamond Match symbol that lands on the reels during the feature, shifts one position to the left on every spin until it exits the reels. During the Diamond Match Free Games feature, symbols with the green and red arrows can land on the top reels: When the Diamond Match symbol collects the Green Arrow symbol, it moves that Diamond Match all the way to reel 5 on the next spin. Upon landing anywhere on the top reels, the Red Arrow symbol shifts all the Diamond Match symbols on that reel to reel 5. Diamond Match Free Games can be retriggered by matching a Diamond Match symbol on the bottom reels with a Free Games prize symbol on the top reels. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Mega Match Feature: The Mega Match feature can be triggered randomly on any spin during the main game and Free Games . During the feature, the entire top reel is filled with prize symbols. After all positions on the top reels are filled, the bottom reels stop one by one, and prizes are collected if any Diamond Match symbols land on the main reels. Diamond Prizes: Diamond Prizes can be won during the Diamond Match and Diamond Match Free Games features. When one of the Diamond symbols lands on the same grid on the top reels as the Diamond Match symbol on the bottom reels, one of 4 Diamond Prizes is awarded. There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize grants a fixed amount based on the bet value and can be won multiple times: The GRAND prize value = total bet x 500; The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 100; The MINOR prize value = total bet x 25; The MINI prize value = total bet x 10. Note: When collected, Diamond symbols award one of 4 prizes. The following prizes can appear with these multiplier values: MINI - x2, x3 and x5; MINOR - x2 and x3; MAJOR - x2 and x3; GRAND does not have a multiplier. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.46%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 4/8/2025