Rocky 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Rocky™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games or Knockout Bonus is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL Rocky is a WILD symbols in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol (except the SCATTER and BONUS symbols) to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol cannot participate in the ROCKY feature. More information on the ROCKY Feature can be found below. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL 'Rocky – the Italian Stallion' is a SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on a particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, an additional win is earned and added to payline winnings. The payout for the SCATTER symbols is multiplied by the total bet. 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively with a x2 multiplier.3 or more SCATTER symbols during the Free Games award 15 additional Free Games with the same multiplier. BONUS SYMBOL Boxing gloves are the Bonus symbols in the game. If the Bonus symbols occur anywhere on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously during the main game, the Knockout Bonus is triggered. There is no payout associated with the Bonus symbol. ROCKY FEATURE If the letter symbols 'R', 'O', 'C', 'K', 'Y' appear in this order, from left to right, on consecutive reels, regardless of paylines, 5 times the total bet is awarded. The WILD symbol cannot substitute for any symbol to spell 'ROCKY'. The ROCKY Feature can be won during both main and Free Games. KNOCKOUT BONUS Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1 and 5 simultaneously during the main game trigger Knockout Bonus. To start the Knockout Bonus click the PLAY button. A screen appears, asking you to choose 1 of 3 of Rocky’s most famous opponents. Once you’ve made a choice, the screen changes to a ring where a 10-round match is played. Rocky and the chosen opponent fight in the middle of the screen for 10 short rounds. For every round won by Rocky you win 3 times total bet of the spin that triggered the Knockout Bonus. All matches end with a knockout in Rocky’s favor. If a knockout occurs earlier than 10th round, all following rounds are considered to be won by Rocky. No interaction is required during the 10 rounds. Once the match is over, a win screen appears, displaying your Bonus win. Clicking CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. If Knockout Bonus is triggered during the Autoplay mode, the feature begins after you click the PLAY button. You select 1 out of 3 opponents for Rocky. When the Bonus round have been played and you click CONTINUE on the screen summarizing the Bonus win, the Autoplay mode will resume unless UNTIL FEATURE was selected. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. The Knockout Bonus round cannot be triggered during Free Games. FREE GAMES 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively with a x2 multiplier. 3 or more SCATTER symbols during the Free Games trigger 15 additional Free Games with the same multiplier. Additional Free Games can be won indefinitely. To start the Free Games click the PLAY button. A screen appears displaying the amount of Free Games won and the multiplier which is always 2. Clicking CONTINUE begins the Free Games round. During the Free Games round the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Free Games. After each spin, the win for that spin is displayed in the Win field. Total win per Free Games round is shown in the Free Games Win field. The number of Free Games left is displayed in the Spins Left box above the reels. The Multiplier field shows the multiplier for the current Free Games round which is always 2. After all Free Games have been completed, there is a result board which summarizes the winnings. The Game Win field shows the winnings that were received from the spin that triggered the Free Games. The Feature Win field shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games round. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings (the Game Win and the Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. If the Free Games round was triggered during the Autoplay mode, the feature begins after you click PLAY button. When all Free Games have been played and you click CONTINUE on the screen summarizing the Free Games win, the Autoplay mode will resume unless UNTIL FEATURE was selected. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020