Jacks Or Better The objective of Jacks or Better is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a winning combination. The better your hand, the bigger the payout (see the paytable in the game). You may replace any of your cards once per round in pursuit of a better hand. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. TO PLAY THE GAME To select the coin value and the number of coins to bet: Click the '–' or '+' buttons to change the coin size. Click BET MAX to increase your bet to the maximum of 5 coins. Click BET ONE to add an extra coin to your bet. Clicking BET ONE when 5 coins are selected will reduce the number of coins back to 1. The latest win is highlighted on the paytable adjacent to the cards. You can change the number of coins by сlicking within the paytable. Your total bet is your coin size multiplied by the number of coins. The limits displayed on the screen apply per game round. The minimum limit is the value of your total bet when betting a single coin of the smallest value. The maximum limit is the value of your total bet when betting five coins of the biggest value. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. Click the HOLD button beneath a card to keep it. Cards that make up a winning hand on the original deal are held automatically. To replace the cards that you did not choose to hold, click the DRAW button. After any cards have been replaced, your cards are checked for any winning combinations. If you win, you can collect your win by clicking COLLECT , or you can try to increase your win by clicking DOUBLE HALF TO or DOUBLE TO in the Double side game. If you click DOUBLE TO or DOUBLE HALF TO , the dealer will draw 5 new cards. The leftmost one is dealt face up and the rest are dealt face down. Click 1 of the 4 face-down cards to turn it face up. If you turn over a card of a lower value than the leftmost card, you lose your win amount (if you selected DOUBLE ) or half your win amount (if you selected DOUBLE HALF TO ). If you turn over a card of a higher value than the leftmost card, you win an amount equal to your current win amount (if you selected DOUBLE ) or an amount equal to 50% of your win (if you selected DOUBLE HALF TO ). You will then be prompted to click COLLECT (to collect your win), DOUBLE TO (to try to double up your current win amount) or DOUBLE HALF TO (to try to win an amount equal to 50% of your current win amount). If the chosen card value is equal to the dealer’s card, it is a tie: you will neither win nor lose any money. You will then be prompted to click COLLECT (to collect your win), DOUBLE TO (to try to double up your win amount) or DOUBLE HALF TO (to try to win an amount equal to 50% of your win amount). The Double side game ends if you click COLLECT , if you lose, or if you reach the Double Up limit. BUTTONS DEAL / DRAW – deal a new hand / replace any cards you did not hold. +/- – increase / decrease the coin value. HOLD / HELD – keep a card / release a card. BET ONE – add 1 coin (resets the coin number to 1 when 5 coins are selected). BET MAX – bet 5 coins. COLLECT – collect the win. DOUBLE TO – bet your current win in the Double side game. DOUBLE HALF TO – bet half of your current win in the Double side game. ABOUT PAYOUTS All winning combinations and their payouts according to the number of coins are described in the Paytable that is accessible via Menu. To find the win amounts, multiply the payout shown in the paytable by the value of the selected coin. The number of coins increases from left to right with the leftmost column showing the payouts for 1 coin and the rightmost column showing the payouts for 5 coins. The column corresponding to the currently selected number of coins is highlighted. The lowest winning combination is a pair of Jacks or Better: a pair of any lower cards (for example, Tens) is not a winning combination; a pair of any higher cards (for example, Queens) is a winning combination. PAYTABLE ROYAL FLUSH 250 500 750 1000 4000 STRAIGHT FLUSH 50 100 150 200 250 FOUR OF A KIND 25 50 75 100 125 FULL HOUSE 9 18 27 36 45 FLUSH 6 12 18 24 30 STRAIGHT 4 8 12 16 20 THREE OF A KIND 3 6 9 12 15 TWO PAIR 2 4 6 8 10 JACKS OR BETTER 1 2 3 4 5 ROYAL FLUSH – This hand contains 10, J, Q, K and ACE, all in the same suit. STRAIGHT FLUSH – This hand contains 5 cards of sequential rank, all of them in the same suit. FOUR OF A KIND – This hand contains 4 cards of the same rank and 1 card of another rank. FULL HOUSE – This hand contains 3 cards of the same rank and 2 cards in another rank. FLUSH – This hand contains 5 cards of the same suit but not in sequential rank. STRAIGHT – This hand contains 5 cards of sequential rank including at least 2 cards in different suits. THREE OF A KIND – This hand contains 3 cards of the same rank and 2 cards of two different ranks. TWO PAIR – This hand contains 2 cards of the same rank and 2 cards of another rank. JACKS OR BETTER – Two Jacks (Queens, Kings or Aces) and three other cards. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 99.54% when playing with maximum number of coins and 98.37% with less than the maximum number of coins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 9/25/2019