Age of the Gods Ruler of the Seas 5-reel 30-line slot . The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30 during the main game. Wins can form on any payline. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Do not show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO MODE ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Respins, Free Games or Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press BACK . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines during the main game. The total bet per game round is the line bet× 30. The game expands to 60 and 90 lines during the respin and free games features respectively. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Wild Symbol: The symbol with the text ‘Wild’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The trident symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. Landing 2 SCATTER symbols trigger 1 of 5 Respin features on 6x5 reels. Landing 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 1 of 5 Free Games features on 8x5 reels. Respin Features : If 2 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land on the reels during the main game, 1 of the 5 Respin Features will be triggered: Poseidon, Athena, Medusa, Cyclops and Pegasus Respins. At the start of each Respin Feature , the reels expand to 6 rows. Each Respin feature is played with 60 paylines. The borders of the positions the triggering SCATTER symbols landed on will be surrounded by frames of lightning colored yellow, red, purple, green or blue. The color of the frame indicates what Respin Feature has been triggered. Additional frames of lightning can be added to other positions. Each Respin Feature includes its own modifier which can affect spin the spin result depending on what Respin Feature has been triggered, and what symbols land within the frames. Poseidon Respins : Poseidon Respins use yellow frames. During Poseidon Respins , if a high-win symbol lands within any yellow frame, all instances of that symbol transform into WILD symbols. Athena Respins : Athena Respins use red frames. During Athena Respins , if a WILD symbol lands within any red frame, it will expand to all 8 adjacent positions. Medusa Respins : Medusa Respins use purple frames. During Medusa Respins , each purple frame will get a multiplier value attached to it. Any winning combination that occurs within a purple frame will be multiplied by the multiplier value on that symbol position. If a win contains 2 or more purple frames, the highest multiplier is applied. Any win formed within a purple frame will remove the purple frame that modifies the win and trigger another Medusa Respin . Medusa Respins end when there are no new wins or when all purple frames have been removed from the reels. Cyclops Respins : Cyclops Respins use green frames. During Cyclops Respins , if any WILD symbol lands within a green frame, the WILD symbol will expand horizontally to all 5 positions on the same row. Pegasus Respins : Pegasus Respins use blue frames. During Pegasus Respins , if a low-win symbol lands within a blue frame, every low-win symbol present on the reels will transform into that symbol. If you land 2 or more low-win symbols simultaneously within any blue frames, all low-win symbols turn into the symbol with the highest value. Free Games Features If 3 SCATTER symbols simultaneously land on the reels during the main game, the free games selection screen will be triggered, and you will be able to select 1 of the 5 free games modes, depending on which free games modes you have unlocked. Pegasus Free Games is available from the start. The order you unlock the rest of the free games modes in is: Cyclops Free Games Medusa Free Games Athena Free Games Poseidon Free Games At the start of each Free Games Feature , click the “i” button to read more information about the free games feature from the Paytable. At the start of each Free Games Feature , the reels expand to 8 rows. Each Free Games Feature is played with 90 paylines. The borders of the positions the triggering SCATTER symbols landed on will be surrounded by frames of lightning colored yellow, red, purple, green or blue. The color of the frame indicates what free games mode has been triggered. Additional frames of lightning can be added to other positions. Each Free Games Feature includes its own modifier which can affect the spin result depending on what Free Games Feature has been triggered, and what symbols land within the frames. Each Free Games Feature initially awards 5 free games. If 2 or 3 SCATTER symbols land during free games, the Free Games Feature will be retriggered, and you will win 3 or 5 additional free games respectively. Note : Any additional SCATTER symbol that lands during the Free Games Feature will leave a frame on that position. Pegasus Free Games : Pegasus Free Games use blue frames. During Pegasus Free Games , if a low-win symbol lands within a blue frame, all low-win symbols present on the reels will turn into that type. If 2 or more low-win symbols land simultaneously within any blue frames, all low-win symbols turn into the symbol with the highest value. Cyclops Free Games : Cyclops Free Games use green frames. During Cyclops Free Games , if a WILD symbol lands within a green frame, the WILD symbol will expand horizontally to all 5 positions on the same row. Medusa Free Games : Medusa Free Games use purple frames. During Medusa Free Games , each purple frame will get a multiplier attached to it. Any winning combination that occurs within a purple frame will be multiplied by the multiplier value on that symbol position. Any win formed within a purple frame will remove the purple frame that modifies the win. If a payline contains 2 or more purple frames, the highest multiplier is applied. Athena Free Games : Athena Free Games use red frames. During Athena Free Games , if a WILD symbol lands within any red frame, it will expand to all 8 adjacent positions. Poseidon Free Games Poseidon Free Games use yellow frames. During Poseidon Free Games , if a high-win symbol lands within any yellow frame, all instances of that symbol present on the reels will turn into WILD symbols. Stacked Symbol Any spin might contain 1 symbol type heavily stacked on 1 or several reels. Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: €50. Extra Power: €500. Super Power: €5,000. Ultimate Power: €100,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Return to Player: The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.37%, and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.41%. Both include Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020