Hot Gems 5-Reel 25-line Slot The objective of Hot Gems™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. The line bet can be increased or decreased on the BET OPTIONS panel. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulated winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. 3 or more Gold Digger symbols on an active payline is considered a winning combination only if a WILD symbol participates in the combination. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only, both during the main game and the Free Games feature. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except for the SCATTER and FREE GAMES symbols) to make the best possible winning combination on a winning payline. WILD symbols do not have a separate payout. SCATTER SYMBOL The Hot Gems™ logo is the SCATTER symbol in this game. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline and appear both during the main game and the Free Games feature. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. FREE GAMES SYMBOL The FREE GAMES symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the main game only. 3 or more FREE GAMES symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on these 3 reels trigger 15 free games with the Collapsing Reels Multiplier feature. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. COLLAPSING REELS In Hot Gems™ a single spin can bring multiple wins. At the beginning of each spin, the reegts50_collapsingreels_worksls are reset and filled with new symbols. All the symbols that participate in winning combinations following a spin will explode after the wins have been calculated. The symbols above the exploded symbols will then drop down and form new symbol combinations. The reels will keep collapsing in this fashion for as long as new winning combinations are formed. The Collapsing Reels feature is active both during the main game and the Free Games feature. FREE GAMES 3 or more FREE GAMES symbols appearing simultaneously anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger 15 free games with the Collapsing Reels Multiplier feature. To start the Free Games feature, click the PLAY button. Each free game spin starts at multiplier x1. If there is a winning combination in the spin result, the multiplier will increase by 1. Any new winning combinations formed by symbols that drop down after the winning symbol combinations explode, are multiplied by this new multiplier. If the collapsing reels produce a winning result the multiplier will increase by 1 again, and so on. The maximum value that the multiplier can reach is x5. Every new free game spin resets the multiplier to x1. The Free Games feature cannot be retriggered. During the free games the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Free Games feature. After all free games have been completed a result board summarizing the winnings will appear. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that triggered the Free Games feature. Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during the free games. Total Win shows the sum of the Game Win and the Feature Win. Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.99%. Last modification date: 8/24/2021