BetMGM Fire Blaze 5-reel 25-line slot The objective of the Fire Blaze: BETMGM™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines. Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i. To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wild symbol: The Wild symbols can stand for any other symbol except each other, the Scatter symbol, the Gold Poker Chip symbol, and the Red Collector Chip symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during the main game and Free Games. Scatter Symbol: 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. Gold Poker Chip Symbol: 6 or more Gold Poker Chip symbols in any position trigger the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature. Collector Chip Symbol: The Collector Chip symbol is a Red Poker Chip. The Collector Chip symbol only appears in the Free Games Feature and Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature. During Free Games, the Collector Chip symbol can only appear on reels 1 or 5. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 8 Free Games are awarded. During Free Games, up to 2 Collector Chip symbols can land per spin. If 1 or 2 Collector Chip symbols, and 1 or more Gold Poker Chip symbols land in the same spin, the cash value of the Gold Poker Chip symbols will be paid once for each Collector Chip symbol on the reels. If a Gold Poker Chip symbol shows a Gold Star, this will transform into the MINI, MINOR or MAJOR prize before being paid. If 6 or more Gold Poker Chip symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature will be triggered. If the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature is triggered, and a Collector Chip symbol also lands, the Collector Chip symbol will pay before the Hold & Respin Feature begins. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature: 6 or more Gold Poker Chip symbols in any position trigger the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature. Any Gold Poker Chip symbols that triggered the feature are held in position during the feature. Each Gold Poker Chip symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize (1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 10x total bet) or a Star icon. If a Gold Poker Chip symbol with a Star icon lands, the Star icon will transform to reveal the MINI (=20x total bet), MINOR (=50x total bet), or MAJOR (=200x total bet) prize. 3 respins are awarded at the start of the feature. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new Gold Poker Chip symbol in an unheld position, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. After each respin, if a Collector Chip symbol lands in an unlocked position, the cash value of all held Gold Poker Chip symbols will be awarded to the Tally meter. The number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The Collector Chip symbol is not held in place, but spins off. The GRAND prize (=2000x total bet) is awarded to the Tally meter during the feature when all symbol positions are filled with Gold Poker Chip symbols. The Collector Chip symbol does not contribute to the GRAND prize being awarded. All Gold Poker Chip symbol prizes will be awarded to the Tally meter when the GRAND prize is won, or when all 3 respins have been used. The Tally meter value will then be awarded to the player, and the feature will end. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.92%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/10/2024