Age of the Gods Mighty Midas 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of Age of the Gods™: Mighty Midas is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Your line bet per game round is your total bet divided by 40. Click '−' or '+' under TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Auto Play mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into the STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Emerald Bonus , Ruby Spins , Amber Spins , Sapphire Spins or Amethyst Spins feature is triggered. If you select a fixed number of auto spins, and the Ruby Spins , Amber Spins , Sapphire Spins or Amethyst Spins feature triggers before all the auto spins have occurred, Auto Play mode will pause. Auto Play mode will resume in the main game after the feature has ended. To enter a triggered feature, click the OK button. The main game will return after the end of the feature. The Auto Play mode will resume if there are any auto spins left to play. The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu or by clicking on the INFO button. Line bet = total bet divided by the number of active paylines. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MIDAS TOUCH SYMBOLS The MIDAS TOUCH symbol is the hand symbol in the game. The MIDAS TOUCH symbols appear only on reels #3, #4 and #5. Every MIDAS TOUCH symbol that lands points to the symbol to the left. Every instance of the symbol the MIDAS TOUCH symbol points to turns into a GOLDEN WILD symbol. This includes instances of the symbol that are not visible on the reels. GOLDEN WILD SYMBOLS GOLDEN WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except SCATTER symbols. GOLDEN WILD symbols can gain multipliers via the MIDAS MULTIPLIER FEATURE described below. MIDAS MULTIPLIERS FEATURE When a MIDAS TOUCH symbol points to a GOLDEN WILD symbol, it increases the WILD MULTIPLIER . Every instance of that GOLDEN WILD symbol turns into a 2X GOLDEN WILD symbol. If a MIDAS TOUCH symbol points to a 2X GOLDEN WILD symbol, the multiplier increases to 3X . Note: only the highest GOLDEN WILD MULTIPLIER applies per payline. The Midas Touch symbol only affects instances of Golden Wild that were formerly matching symbols. SCATTER SYMBOLS The SCATTER symbol is the ring containing 5 gems: Emerald, Amber, Ruby, Sapphire and Amethyst. When SCATTER symbols land on reel #1 and #5 on the same main game spin, the SCATTER symbol on reel #5 will lift off the reel and spin. When the symbol stops spinning a floating hand above it will point to 1 of the gems. This selected gem corresponds to 1 of 5 features that will then trigger: Emerald Bonus , Amber Spins , Ruby Spins , Sapphire Spins or Amethyst Spins . EMERALD BONUS The EMERALD BONUS feature may trigger when SCATTER symbols land on reel #1 and #5 on the same main game spin. In the EMERALD BONUS , the SCATTER symbol that landed on reel #1 reveals a number. The SCATTER symbol that landed on reel #5 reveals a multiplier. The multiplier is applied to the number on the first SCATTER to calculate the total multiplier. This total multiplier is then applied to the total bet placed on the triggering spin to calculate a cash prize. The cash prize is then awarded and the feature ends. AMBER SPINS The AMBER SPINS feature may trigger when SCATTER symbols land on reel #1 and #5 on the same main game spin. The AMBER SPINS feature consists of 5 spins. On each spin, all instances of 1 symbol will transform into GOLDEN WILD . Note: any Wild Multiplier in play will be capped at 3X during Amber Spins . Increasing the total bet to above the amount bet on the triggering spin will cancel all remaining feature spins. RUBY SPINS The RUBY SPINS feature may trigger when SCATTER symbols land on reel #1 and #5 on the same main game spin. The RUBY SPINS feature consists of 7 spins. Whenever a GOLDEN WILD symbol is created during Ruby Spins , all instances of that symbol become Multiplier Wild symbols using the multiplier at the bottom of the Multiplier Tower at the right of the reels. When a Multiplier Wild symbol is created, the Multiplier Tower collapses, leaving a new multiplier at the bottom of the tower. If a MIDAS TOUCH symbol points to a Multiplier Wild symbol, the 2 multipliers are added together. Note: Increasing the total bet to above the amount bet on the triggering spin will cancel all remaining feature spins. Any multiplier in play will be capped at 30X during Ruby Spins . SAPPHIRE SPINS The SAPPHIRE SPINS feature may trigger when SCATTER symbols land on reel #1 and #5 on the same main game spin. The SAPPHIRE SPINS feature consists of 5 spins. During SAPPHIRE SPINS Golden Wild symbol stacks are added to reels #2, #3 and #4: During the 1st spin 55 Golden Wild symbols are added to the reel strip #2. During the 2nd spin 40 Golden Wild symbols are added to reel strip #3. During the 3rd spin 65 Golden Wild symbols are added to reel strip #4. Added Golden Wild symbols remain on the reel strips for all 5 Sapphire Spins . Note: Midas Touch symbols do not appear on the Sapphire Spins reels. Increasing the total bet to above the amount bet on the triggering spin will cancel all remaining feature spins. AMETHYST SPINS The AMETHYST SPINS feature may trigger when SCATTER symbols land on reel #1 and #5 on the same main game spin. The AMETHYST SPINS feature consists of 3 spins. During AMETHYST SPINS all Midas Touch symbols are stacked 2-high during Amethyst Spins . Note: any Wild Multiplier in play is capped at 3X during Amethyst Spins . Increasing the total bet to above the amount bet on the triggering spin will cancel all remaining feature spins. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Power: €50 Extra Power: €500 Super Power: €5,000 Ultimate Power: €100,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols for a jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The jackpot game is triggered randomly and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Tapping on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If the player fails to find 3 matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win pop-up message together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the paytable of the game. Click the X button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking INFO opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Payouts , Features and Paylines screens give information on the rules and behaviour of the game. Clicking the X button exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Auto Play mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Auto Play mode does not end the Auto Play reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 35 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 96 . 34 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020