Better Wilds 5-reel 25-line slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. Wins can form on any payline. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Better Wilds™ Respins feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end Autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . The paytable is scrollable. Feature and symbol payouts are listed on the SYMBOLS PAYOUTS section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 25. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word 'WILD' is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SPECIAL WILD symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Special Wild Symbols: The diamond symbol is the Special WILD symbol in the game. The Special WILD symbols can stand for any symbol except the WILD symbol, and can appear on reels 3, 4 or 5 only. When the Special WILD symbol lands on reels 3, 4 or 5, the Better Wilds™ Respins feature is triggered. Better Wilds™ Respins Any Special WILD symbol that lands on reels 3, 4 or 5, triggers the Better Wilds™ Respins feature. During the Better Wilds™ Respins feature, the reels are spun automatically and the Special Wild symbol moves 1 position to the left for each respin. Starting from the second movement, the Special Wild symbol will also expand either up or down by 1 position for each respin. Landing additional Special Wild symbols on reels 3, 4 or 5 retrigger the feature. Better Wilds™ Respins ends when the rightmost Special Wild symbol reaches reel 1. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player is 96.42%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 6/6/2023