Gladiator Jackpot 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Gladiator Jackpot™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Paylines and the line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the BET/LINE to choose the line bet. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Gladiator Jackpot™ Bonus or Coliseum Bonus Round is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. It can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. WILD symbols do not win on their own, they only win when substituting. If 3 WILD symbols appear simultaneously in any position on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the main game or during Free Games, the Gladiator Jackpot™ Bonus round is triggered. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Coliseum Bonus round is triggered. Gladiator Jackpot™ BONUS The Gladiator Jackpot™ Bonus is triggered when 3 WILD symbols appear simultaneously in any position on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the main game or during the Free Games. In the Gladiator Jackpot™ Bonus round, the game randomly picks 9 helmets in either gold, silver or bronze. Each helmet awards a prize that is a multiple of the total bet, with golden helmets winning the most and bronze helmets the least. The values of those 9 helmets are accumulated and make up the total Bonus prize. Collecting 9 golden helmets during the main game wins the Gladiator Jackpot™. Winning the Gladiator Jackpot™ wins only the Jackpot sum, but does not add the cash prize from the 9 golden helmets to the Bonus win. In case you win the Jackpot while one or more other players are spinning for it, the player who triggered the feature first will win the full Jackpot amount (seed plus progressive) whereas the other player(s) will be awarded the Jackpot seed only. The Jackpot cannot be won if the bonus is triggered during the Free Games. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): €50,000 Average contribution rate (what average percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 1.00% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): 9 golden helmets during the Gladiator Jackpot™ Bonus round. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play the Gladiator Jackpot™ slot game. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. COLISEUM BONUS ROUND The Coliseum Bonus round is triggered when 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels. The Coliseum Bonus round includes a grid of 4 rows and 5 columns. Starting from the bottom row, pick one stone at a time from the rows to win a prize. Stones picked from the first row determine the number of Free Games. Stones picked from the second row reveal the win multiplier to be used during the Free Games. Stones picked from the third row reveal an EXTRA SCATTER symbol to be used during the Free Games. EXTRA SCATTER can be one of the theme symbols, except Commodus and Lucilla, or one of the royals (A, K, Q, J, 10, 9). Stones picked from the fourth row reveal an EXTRA WILD symbol to be used during the Free Games. EXTRA WILD can be one of the five theme symbols (characters from the Gladiator movie) only. EXTRA WILD and EXTRA SCATTER appear just as the original symbols, but act as WILD or SCATTER symbol respectively. When a stone is picked, one of the following occurs: The next pick is made from the row above. An extra pick is given in the currently active row (applies only to the first and the second row). The whole column is automatically opened. The selected stone reveals a Collect item – the Bonus round ends and the Free Games start. The win multiplier applies to all line wins and SCATTER and EXTRA SCATTER wins during the Free Games. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Coliseum Bonus. The Coliseum Bonus round cannot be retriggered. However, if COMMODUS appears anywhere on reel 3 during the Free Games, 3 extra Free Games are added to the remaining ones. The win multiplier, EXTRA WILD and EXTRA SCATTER symbols do not change. During the Free Games, the Gladiator Bonus round can be triggered. Note that EXTRA WILD does not substitute for the WILD symbol towards the Gladiator Bonus round. In addition, the Free Games win multiplier does not apply to the Gladiator Bonus round prizes. During the Free Games, WILD and EXTRA WILD substitute for all symbols, except SCATTER and EXTRA SCATTER . WILD also substitutes for the EXTRA WILD symbol. Note that EXTRA WILD can still win according to the payout of the original symbol when the symbols appear on an active payline. This is paid out if the win amount from EXTRA WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbol (by EXTRA WILD standing in). The EXTRA SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on a particular payline. If there are 3 or more EXTRA SCATTER symbols in the Free Game results, an additional win is earned and added to payline winnings. The EXTRA SCATTER wins according to the payout of the original symbol, but the payout is multiplied by the total bet. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 91.46%, which includes the Progressive Jackpot contribution of 1.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020