Tigers Glory About The Game Tiger's Glory is a 4x6 reel, 4096 bet ways video slot featuring the Enraged Tiger Free Spins Bonus, where fierce tigers battle brave gladiators to become gloriously sticky if victorious. Theoretical payout is 96.51%. How To Play Choose your total bet. Press the SPIN symbol button. Check for any win in the WIN field Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet way wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet way is paid. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Enraged Tiger Free Spins Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols trigger the Enraged Tiger Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols award 7 free spins. 4 Bonus Scatter Symbols award 10 free spins. 5 Bonus Scatter Symbols award 15 free spins. 6 Bonus Scatter Symbols award 20 free spins. Enraged Tiger symbol appears during Free Spins Bonus only. Enraged Tiger symbol battles the Gladiator and if Enraged Tiger wins, the symbol locks in position until end of Free Spins Bonus. The first Enraged Tiger on each reel that wins a battle awards one extra free spin. Up to 6 extra free spins can be awarded. Tiger Symbols pay anywhere during the Free Spins Bonus. Tiger symbol wins do not need to start from the leftmost reel, do not need to be on consecutive reel. Bonus Scatter symbol is not available during free spins. Special Symbols Tiger Symbol Tiger symbol only pays anywhere during the Free Spins Bonus. Enraged Tiger Symbol Enraged Tiger Symbol only appears in the Free Spins Bonus. Enraged Tiger symbol battles the gladiator and if Tiger wins, the symbol locks in position until end of Free Spins Bonus. Enraged Tiger Symbol is evaluated as the Tiger symbol. Bonus Scatter Symbol Bonus Scatter symbols appear on all reels in the base game. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except Bonus Scatter symbol and Enraged Tiger symbol. Wild symbol only appears in base game. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020