Lil Demon: Mega Collect'Em Lil Demon: Mega Collect'Em™ 5-reel, 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the TURBO button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Wild Symbol: The Lil Demon symbol is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Collect'Em™ and any coin symbol. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reels 1 and/or 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Collect'Em™ Feature: The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on reels 1-5 during the Free Games , and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 4 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are corresponded to the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, a +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. The symbol with the key on it is the Key symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly, or unlocks a lock in Free Games , when collected. If more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels, every coin symbol will be collected once per each Collect'Em™ symbol on reels. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +2, +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels 1 and/or 5, and 1 or more Free Games coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol collected once for each Collect'Em™ symbol present on the reels. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. There are 4 Special Symbols in Free Games : The Special Wild symbol; The Sticky Cash symbol; The Arrow Up symbol; The Random Coin symbol. During Free Games , 5 extra locked rows are added to the reels. Each locked row has its own count of locks. Each collected Key symbol removes 1 lock. When all locks are removed, the row unlocks on the next spin. During Free Games , the Collect'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels and shifts one position down during every spin. Note : The Collect'Em™ symbol can't move to a position blocked by the Sticky Cash or Random Coin symbols and will appear on the position below them on the next spin. On the 5th extra row, frozen Collect'Em™ symbol will stay in place for the rest of the Free Games . Note : Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note : New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. During Free Games , each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Prize , Diamond , Free Games , Special Wild , Sticky Cash and/or Key symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games , and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect'Em™ Prizes . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . The GRAND prize value = total bet x 500 The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 200 The MINOR prize value = total bet x 50 The MINI prize value = total bet x 20 The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol is locked on the reels during Free Games . Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Special Wild Symbol and Dropping Wild Symbols: The symbol with the word 'WILD' on it is the Special Wild symbol. The Special Wild symbol can only land during Free Games . When a Special Wild symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels along with a Collect'Em™ symbol, a stack of Wild symbols will drop on the main reels - on the reel directly below the Special Wild symbol. If there is already a Wild symbol on that reel, the existing Wild will gain a multiplier. If there are 2 or more Collect'Em™ symbols activating a Special Wild symbol, each of them will increase stacked Wild multipliers values by +1. Multiplier values on Wild symbols are capped at ×3. Wild multipliers are additive. Arrow Up Symbol: The symbol with an arrow is the Arrow Up symbol in the game. The Arrow Up symbol can appear only during the Free Games feature. When an Arrow Up symbol lands anywhere on the extra rows, it moves all Collect'Em™ symbols one position up the grid on the next spin. The more Arrow Up symbols that land on the extra rows, the more positions Collect'Em™ symbols are moved. If the Collect'Em™ symbol is already present on the top row, it will not move. Random Coin: The symbol with a question mark on it is the Random Coin symbol in the game. The Random Coin symbol can appear only during the Free Games feature. When a Random Coin symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, it will freeze for 3 spins. Note : Each Random Coin symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. During every spin, the Random Coin symbol will transform into a random coin symbol, Collect'Em™ or any of the special symbols, except the Sticky Cash symbol. After 3 spins, the Random Coin symbol will unfreeze and will spin off the reels. Sticky Cash Symbol: The symbol with a cash value and a demon's grin on it is the Sticky Cash symbol in the game. The Sticky Cash symbol can appear only during the Free Games feature. When a Sticky Cash symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, it will freeze whenever it lands until it becomes a Diamond coin symbol. The Sticky Cash symbol awards a cash prize equal to its value every time it is collected by a Collect'Em™ symbol. The value of Sticky Cash symbols starts at 1 x the total bet. When 1 or more Collect'Em™ symbols are present on the reels, Sticky Cash value will double on the next spin. Note: Sticky Cash symbols contain values of 1х, 2х, 4х, 8х and 16х multiplied by the total bet. When a Sticky Cash value reaches 16 x total bet, then on the following spin the Sticky Cash symbol will transform into the Diamond coin symbol. Once the Diamond coin symbol is collected and a prize is awarded, the symbol will unfreeze and will spin off the reels. Lil Demon's Feature: On any spin, the Demon may heat things up in 3 ways: Add stacks of Wild symbols. Add Collect'Em™ symbols or any other coin symbols. Increase the value of existing Cash Prize or Free Games coin symbols. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.50%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays .