Pumpkin Bonanza 5-reel 10-line Slot The objective of Pumpkin Bonanza is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 10. Wins can form on any payline. For information on paylines, select Info and go to the Paylines page. Click the '+' and '-' buttons to choose a total bet. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable (on the Payouts screen) are multiplied by the line bet. Clicking Spin spins the reels with the current bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the Auto Play button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode, the Auto Play button displays the number of the remaining spins. The mode ends when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the Stop Auto Play button, located in the lower right-hand corner of the game window. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Clicking the Turbo Mode button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulating winnings. Info pages: Clicking Info opens the reference pages describing the different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons enables you to navigate between the pages. Clicking the X icon exits the Info pages and returns you to the game. Paylines: All 10 paylines are permanently active, and can be viewed from their page in the Info screen. About payouts: For information on Payouts, click Info and go to the High Wins and Low Wins pages. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If 2 payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel or rightmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Winning combinations of 5 matching symbols pay out twice: once for each direction. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Pumpkin Wilds The Wild symbol in this game is the Pumpkin symbol. The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. When there are matching symbols on a payline on reels 1 and 2, and there are also matching symbols on a payline on reels 4 and 5, the symbols on reel 3 that can form wins all turn into Wild symbols before reel 3 lands. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild symbols do not exist on the reel strips like the other symbols do. For a Wild symbol to exist, another symbol must transform into it. Bonanza Respin Landing wins with a Wild symbol from both left to right and right to left will cause the reels to respin. All winning symbols from the triggering spin will turn into Wild symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the respin. During a respin the reels will land in the following order: reel 2, reel 3, reel 4, reel 1 and finally reel 5. Landing a win with a Wild symbol during a respin will not cause the reels to respin again. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.51%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, you will be automatically directed back to the game after you log back into the Casino and the latest spin will be replayed. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. You can select the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020