Age of the Gods King of the Underworld Age of the Gods - King of the Underworld is a 5 reel, 20 line slot with Bonus Rounds. Pay Table Winnings are dependent on the symbols displayed on the line once the reels have come to a stop. 2, 3, 4 or 5 matched symbols pay multiples of the stake amount, depending on the symbol. Please refer to the paytable in the game itself for more details. Scatter Symbols When 3 or more Charon symbols appear in view of the reels in scatter formation or on an enabled line they will pay out a win multiplier. Wild Symbols The Tartarus symbol is Wild and will replace all other symbols, except Bonus and Scattter symbols, to complete winning combinations. Lining up five Tartarus symbols on a single payline will award the highest payout in this game - 10,000 x stake. 'Gates of Hell' Bonus Round Landing three Cerberus Bonus symbols on any active payline will trigger the 'Gates of Hell' Bonus Round. In each round of this bonus game you will be presented with three doors. Selecting one of these could release a Soul and reveal a win amount. The bonus round is ended by either choosing a door that releases Cerberus or on your 6th successful selection. 'Thread of Fate' Bonus Round Collecting three Fate Sisters Bonus symbols on any active payline will trigger the 'Thread of Fate' Bonus Round. Selecting a Spindle one by one will weave a thread through the Fate Sisters. If the thread gets cut a win amount will be revealed. Selecting a Spindle where the thread does not cut will end the bonus game and see you returned to the main game. Game Rules • Minimum and Maximum stake are at the operator’s discretion. • All wins pay from left to right. Any winning combination of matched symbols must start from reel 1 to 5 consecutively. • Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled line only. • Autoplay functionality may be available where the game will play out until triggered to stop via; a spin limit, wins of a set amount, losses of a set amount or jackpot win (where applicable) RTP • Average RTP is 96.02% (based on average gameplay). Disconnections and Game Recovery If your connection to a game is lost for whatever reason, e.g. internet connection problems, or manually quitting/closing the game, while a game is in progress the game will still complete and you will receive any winnings due. You can still see the results in Bet History after completion of the game. Malfunction In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/15/2020