Heroes Arrow Heroes Arrow™ 5-reel 20-line slot The objective of the Heroes Arrow™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Castle symbol, the Hero symbol and the Target symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Castle Symbol: 3 or more Castle symbols in any positions trigger the Free Games Feature . Hero Symbol: The Hero symbol only appears on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. The Hero symbol can be Green or Red . If the Hero symbol appears on a row with the Target symbol, the Arrow Shot Feature is triggered. Target Symbol: The Target symbol only appears on reel 5. If the Target symbol appears on a row with a Hero symbol, the Arrow Shot Feature is triggered. Arrow Shot Feature: If a Hero symbol lands on the same row as a Target symbol, the Arrow Shot Feature is triggered. The Hero will fire an arrow, hitting the Target , and a prize will be awarded. If the Hero symbol is Green , possible prizes are total bet times 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x and 8x. If the Hero symbol is Red , possible prizes are total bet times 10x, 15x, 20x (MINOR), 100x (MAJOR) and 500x (GRAND). The Arrow Shot Feature can be triggered multiple times from the same spin. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Castle symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 8 Free Games are awarded. During the Free Games, there is a tally meter above reel 5 that is set to zero at the beginning of the feature. During the Free Games, if the Arrow Shot Feature awards the MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND, this prize will be awarded directly to the player. However, if the Arrow Shot Feature awards any other prize, this will be added to the tally meter instead. If one or more Arrow Shot Features is played for a given Free Game, the value of the tally meter will be awarded to the player once all Arrow Shot Features are played. During the Free Games, 3 or more Castle symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 8 additional Free Games. The Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.38%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/2/2024