Adventures Beyond Wonderland 3×5 with 243 ways up to 3×7 with 2187 ways Slot The objective of Adventures Beyond Wonderland is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win. Your total bet per game round is the coin value × 30. Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the INFO button or the paytable option in the Casino toolbar All payouts are the coin value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable . The accumulating winnings and all Way wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Alice WILD symbol is the WILD symbol in the main game. The Alice WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol except the FREE GAMES SCATTER symbol. The Cheshire Cat WILD symbol only appears in Cheshire Cat Free Games . FREE GAMES SCATTER SYMBOL The FREE GAMES SCATTER symbol in the game is the Cheshire Cat Free Games symbol. FREE GAMES SCATTER symbols landing on reels #1, #3 and #5 in the main game will trigger Cheshire Cat Free Games . PAYOUTS Every bet is placed on at least 243 Ways to Win. 3 or more matching symbols appearing in any positions on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Changing your Total Bet amount will reset all bubbles on the next spin. GAME FEATURES Win Bubbles Falling Alice On any spin Alice can fall from the tree branch above reel #2, #3 or #4. All the symbols on the reel Alice falls down will be replaced with Alice WILD symbols. Alice will pop any Bonus Bubble she falls through and the bonus inside that bubble will be awarded, as explained in the section below. Caterpillar Bonus Bubbles On any spin, the caterpillar to the right of the reels may blow a Bonus Bubble. Bonus Bubble occupy the spaces above reels #2, #3 and #4. When blown, a Bonus Bubble will immediately move to the space over reel #4. On every spin, all Bonus Bubble will move 1 reel to the left. A bubble above reel #4 will move to the space above reel #3, a bubble above reel #3 will move to the space above reel #2. A Bonus Bubble above reel #2 will leave the screen when the reels are spun. A Bonus Bubble can contain 1 of 4 different prizes: 1. A cash prize, represented by coins in the bubble, which will award an instant cash prize when the bubble is popped. 2. A win multiplier, which will multiply any payouts made on the spin during which the bubble popped by up to x10. The multiplier will be revealed when the bubble is popped. 3. The Drink Me Potion, which will make Alice grow. Drinking the potion causes Alice to grow and create an additional 1 or 2 reels filled with Alice WILD symbols. The Ways to Win will also correspondingly increase to 729 or 2187. 4. The progressive jackpot, represented by the Jackpot Castle in the bubble. More information on the jackpot can be found in the relevant section. Cheshire Cat Free Games Cheshire Cat Free Games are triggered by landing FREE GAMES SCATTER symbols on reels #1, #3 and #5. The Cheshire Cat will award a random number of free games, which are played on different reels. During free games, each reel spins horizontally, either from left to right or right to left. During Cheshire Cat Free Games, the Alice WILD symbols may remain on the reels simultaneously with the Cheshire Cat WILD symbols. Cheshire Cat WILD symbols will not spin in on the reels, but can appear during any Free Games spin. A Cheshire Cat WILD can lock in place on a reel and increase in size horizontally, pushing the other symbols aside. In this way, a Cheshire Cat WILD that is 2 symbols wide will sit on a reel with 4 other symbols. Cheshire Cat WILD symbols can expand to a maximum of 3 symbols wide, resulting in a maximum reel size of 7 symbols. Cheshire Cat WILD symbols can also decrease in size. If a Cheshire Cat WILD symbol that is 1 symbol wide decreases in size then it will disappear from the reels. Free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. The FREE GAMES SCATTER symbol does not appear during free games: free games cannot be retriggered. A win summary appears at the end of the feature. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT The progressive jackpot is awarded when Alice falls through the progressive jackpot Bonus Bubble. A congratulations message will appear and the jackpot amount will count up to the final amount won. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. Spinning with a larger total bet increases the likelihood of winning the progressive jackpot. A percentage of all bets placed is put towards the jackpot balance and into a reseed fund. Bets placed when the jackpot has been won and a reduced balance is available will be voided. In the event of a communication error after a progressive win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. In the event of the jackpot being won, other players playing the game simultaneously will be informed of the new jackpot value and offered the option to void the present bet. This is only relevant if the jackpot display on the other players’ games has not been updated to the new value yet. Whilst the game is live the jackpot can only be terminated if the value of the jackpot is zero. If the game is removed the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot or retained by the operator. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): €20,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The progressive jackpot can be won by popping the Jackpot Bonus Bubble. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play the Adventures Beyond Wonderland game. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. In case 2 players win the Progressive Jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the 2nd one will win the seed together with any possibly accumulated progressive part for the time between the winning of the Progressive Jackpot by the 1st and the 2nd player. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 02 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 96 . 01 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020