Ark of Mystery About The Game Discover the long-lost treasures of an empire cloaked in mysteryThis 3x5,20-line slot features Wild Ark Respins. Any Wild Ark symbol landing on reels 2, 3 or 4 awards the Wild Ark Respin feature. Increase your winnings with the Multiplier Booster feature! Multiplier Booster symbols appear on reel 5. Each Multiplier Booster symbol that lands adds to the win multiplier by 1x. Up to a 22x multiplier! Theoretical payout is 96.53%. How To Play Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays,total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Wild Ark Respin Wild Ark symbols appearing on reels 2, 3, or 4 trigger the Wild Ark Respin feature. At the beginning of each respin, Wild Ark symbols replicate into an open adjacent position on the same reel. All Wild Ark symbols lock in place and a respin is awarded. Respins continue while adjacent positions remain. Earn between 2 to 6 respins. Multiplier Booster Appears on reel 5 only. Each Multiplier Booster symbol shown on the reels increments the multiplier by 1x. Every spin payout is multiplied by the current multiplier. Earn up to 21 Multiplier Booster symbols. Special Symbols Wild Ark Symbol Appear anywhere on reels 2-4. Substitutes for all symbols, except Multiplier Booster symbol. Any Wild Ark symbol that lands triggers the Wild Ark Respin feature. Multiplier Booster Symbol Appears on reel 5 only. Earn up to 21 Multiplier Booster symbols. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020