Age of the Gods: Furious Four Age of the Gods: Furious 4™ 5-reel 20-line slot The objective of Age of the Gods: Furious 4™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO ON button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Pressing STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet / 20. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP below the field where the number of remaining spins is displayed. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 20. Only the highest win per line is paid. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel except SCATTER which pay any. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol The circular '4' symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except for the SCATTER symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). Scatter Symbol The throne is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. The Free Games feature cannot be re-triggered during free games. Free Games Feature 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 12 Free Games . During the Free Games feature, the four god symbols can appear stacked on reel 3. If a stack of matching god symbols fills reel 3 entirely, 1 of 4 furious features is triggered: Age of Light Feature Age of Curiosity Feature Age of Fire Feature Age of Endurance Feature Furious features cannot be triggered during a furious feature. During the feature, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games . During Free Games , the reels are spun automatically. The Free Games Win box to the upper right of the game window shows the accumulated free games you have won. The Multiplier box to the upper left of the game window displays the accumulated win multiplier value. The number of free spins remaining is shown in the Spins Left box to the upper left of the game window. After all Free Games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free games) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Pressing CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. When returning to the main game, pressing anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Age of Light Feature If stacked Apollo symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games , the Age of Light feature will be triggered. When the Age of Light feature is triggered, 4 extra Free Games with Apollo as EXPANDING WILD are awarded and played immediately. Whenever an Apollo symbol lands on the reels during these 4 extra Free Games , it will expand, covering every position on that reel. The Apollo EXPANDING WILD will substitute for any symbol except for WILD and SCATTER to make the best possible winning combination. After the 4 extra Free Games in the Age of Light feature are played, the normal Free Games feature resumes. Age of Curiosity Feature If stacked Pandora symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games , the Age of Curiosity feature will be triggered. When the Age of Curiosity feature is triggered, a cash prize equal to the current total bet is awarded and 4 extra Free Games with a win multiplier are awarded and played immediately. The win multiplier starts at x1. Whenever a Pandora symbol lands on the reels during these 4 extra Free Games , it will increase the win multiplier by +1. If more than 1 Pandora symbol lands, the win multiplier will be increased by +1 regardless of the number of Pandora symbols that land. The win multiplier can reach a maximum of x5. Please note: the win multiplier can reach a maximum of x4 for 5-of-a-kind combinations with Atlas , Hephaestus , Apollo , SCATTER and WILD symbols. When the 4 extra Free Games of the Age of Curiosity feature end, all winnings accumulated during the feature (including the cash prize equal to the current total bet) are multiplied by the win multiplier. After the 4 extra Free Games in the Age of Curiosity feature are played, the normal Free Games feature resumes. Age of Fire Feature If stacked Hephaestus symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games , the Age of Fire feature will be triggered. When the Age of Fire feature is triggered, 4 extra Free Games with Hephaestus symbols covering the entire first reel are awarded and played immediately. During the Age of Fire feature, every symbol on reel 1 is considered a Hephaestus symbol and that reel does not spin. The other 4 reels spin normally, with additional Hephaestus symbols. Apollo , Pandora and Atlas symbols are removed from the reels. After the 4 extra Free Games in the Age of Fire feature are played, the normal Free Games feature resumes. Age of Endurance Feature If stacked Atlas symbols fill the entirety of reel 3 during Free Games , the Age of Endurance feature will be triggered. When the Age of Endurance feature is triggered, 3 extra Free Games with freezing Atlas WILD symbols are awarded and played immediately. Whenever an Atlas symbol lands on the reels during these 3 extra Free Games , it will freeze in place for every spin in the Age of Endurance feature. Frozen Atlas symbols will act as WILD symbols, substituting for any other symbol except for WILD and SCATTER to make the best possible winning combination. Please note: Atlas symbols pay out according to the Paytable as Atlas symbols, and not as the symbols they are substituted for. After the 3 extra Free Games in the Age of Endurance feature are played, any frozen Atlas WILD symbols are removed from the reels and the normal Free Games feature resumes. Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: 16 USD. Extra Power: 160 USD. Super Power: 2,000 USD. Ultimate Power: 40,000 USD. In order to participate in the Jackpot, you should place a Minimum Qualifying Bet of $0.20. If your bet is lower than the Minimum Qualifying Bet, it will not contribute to the Jackpot and you won't be eligible to win the Jackpot. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 2.00%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . A minimal total bet of 0.2 USD is required to participate in the Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note : The seed and Jackpot values are in USD in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the casino), you will be notified of it by the casino. Please note: The minimum bet in this game is $0.20 and the maximum bet in this game is $500.00. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.92% that includes Jackpot Contribution of 2.00%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/31/2024