Age of the Gods Norse Gods and Giants 5-reel 50-line slot The objective of Age of the Gods™ Norse: Gods and Giants is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also tick DO NOT SHOW AGAIN to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO OFF button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put the cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Gods and Giants Free Games or Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. Payouts are listed in the Paytable section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press X . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the letter 'W' is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The game logo symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. A full-sized SCATTER symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 triggers the Gods and Giants Free Games feature. Giant Symbols: Odin, Thor, Serpent, Fire Giant and the Ice Giant can appear as giant symbols. Giant symbols appear as 3×3 symbols. Giant symbols can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. Fully landing a giant symbol triggers the Giant Respin feature if the symbol does not form part of a win. Partially landing a giant symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4, and landing a full stack of the same symbol on reel 1 triggers the Power Nudge feature. Giant Respin Feature When a giant symbol fully lands on reels 2, 3 and 4, and it is not a part of a win, the Giant Respin feature is triggered. Note : Any symbol of the type of the giant symbol or the WILD symbol that landed on reel 5 during the triggering spin lock in position and the Giant Respin feature starts. When the feature is triggered, the giant symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 may shift to the right or left. During the Giant Respin feature, the giant symbol locks in position while the symbol positions on the other reels independently respin for free. During the Giant Respin feature, a special reelset consisting of only blank symbols and normal symbols of the type of giant symbol can land on that reels. Any new symbol of the type of giant symbol that lands on the reels during the Giant Respin feature lock in position and trigger another respin. The Giant Respin feature ends when no new symbols land. Power Nudge Feature When a stack of giant symbols fills reel 1, and the same giant symbol partially lands on reels 2, 3, and 4, the Power Nudge feature is triggered. The Power Nudge feature may nudge the giant symbol or the SCATTER symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 to cover more of the reels to improve a win. Gods and Giants Free Games When a full-sized SCATTER symbol lands on reels 2, 3 and 4, the Gods and Giants Free Games feature is triggered. During free games, all symbols that land on reels 2, 3 and 4 are giant symbols and all symbols on reels 1 and 5 are stacked symbols. Letter symbols do not appear during Free Games . Gods and Giants Free Games can be triggered indefinitely. Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot includes: Ultimate Power Jackpot and Extra Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Ultimate Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse Ultimate Power Jackpot and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Extra Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Extra Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Extra Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Extra Jackpot . Active Jackpot except the Ultimate Jackpot can become Hot - the ticker will change to inform you that the jackpot is likely to be won soon. Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. The jackpots are linked to several Age of the Gods™ Norse games. Note : The Ultimate Power Jackpot is linked to several Age of the Gods™ Norse and Age of the Gods™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is funded by the operator. Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): Extra Jackpot : Dynamic amount, dependent on players contribution. Ultimate Power : €100,000. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without the Jackpot Contribution is 94.38%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 94.93%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020