Oceanus Rising 5 x 7 70-line slot To play the game: On the entry screen, press CONTINUE to start the game. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Press TURBO MODE to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press SPIN to spin the reels with the current bet. If you want to stop the reels early, press STOP . In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. All wins shown in the paytable are relative to the current bet. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press HELP . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the paytable and return to the game, press EXIT . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Wins can only form on active paylines. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more Wild symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from Wilds is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by Wild standing in). Rising Respins: Any win triggers a RISING RESPIN. Each RISING RESPIN increases the reel height by one up to a maximum of 7 symbols high, then respins. The second, third and fourth RISING RESPIN increase the win multiplier up to x2, x3 and x5 respectively. Once the maximum height is reached the mulitiplier is locked at x5 for every subsequent RISING RESPIN. RISING RESPINS can be retriggered during RISING RESPINS. If a RISING RESPIN does not award a win then the feature ends. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.05% Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020