Terminator Genisys Untitled Document 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Terminator Genisys is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Click '−' or '+' under TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Auto play function. During the Auto play mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY . Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Auto play mode. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS There are 4 WILD symbols in the game: the TERMINATOR WILD , the T-1000 WILD , the GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD and the STACKED GENISYS WILD . Terminator Wild Symbols The TERMINATOR WILD symbol features the image of the T-800 Terminator Eye. TERMINATOR WILD symbols substitute for all symbols, except SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. TERMINATOR WILD symbols in the main game may appear with no multiplier value, or with a multiplier value of 2x, 3x or 5x. The multiplier value for a wild symbol applies to any wins the wild symbol participates in. If more than 1 multiplier wild features in a winning combination, only the highest multiplier value will be applied. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more TERMINATOR WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from wilds is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by wild standing in). During 1984 Free Games , TERMINATOR WILD symbols appear stacked, and do not feature win multipliers. During 2017 Free Games , TERMINATOR WILD symbols do not feature win multipliers. T-1000 Wild Symbols and Gold Multiplier Wild Symbols T-1000 WILD symbols and GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbols appear during 1984 Free Games and substitute for all symbols except TERMINATOR WILD symbols. When melted, T-1000 WILD symbols turn into GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbols. Each GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbol has a multiplier value of 2x, 3x or 5x. The multiplier for a wild symbol applies to any wins the wild symbol participates in. If more than 1 multiplier wild features in a winning combination, only the highest multiplier value will be applied. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more T-1000 WILD or GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from wilds is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by wild standing in). STACKED GENISYS WILD symbols appear during 2017 Free Games and substitute for all symbols in the game except SCATTER symbols. More information on the 2017 Free Games feature can be found in the relevant section below. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol is represented by the Genisys Logo. SCATTER symbols can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. 3 SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously trigger a choice of 2 Free Games features. FREE GAMES 3 SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Feature Select screen, and a choice of either 1984 Free Games or 2017 Free Games . Mouse over either option to see more information on the feature. Both features award 10 free games. Choose 1984 Free Games to play with multiplier wilds that lock to the reels until they form a win. Choose 2017 Free Games to play with stacked wilds that lock to the reels until they form a win. Click OK on the intro screen to enter the feature. During free games, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field. The number of free games remaining is displayed in the Free Games Left field. When the number in the Free Games Left field reaches zero, the feature ends. Clicking OK on the win summary screen will remove any locked wilds and return to the main game reels. 1984 Free Games During 1984 Free Games , a barrel sits above each reel. When a T-1000 WILD symbol lands on a reel under a barrel, the barrel is shot by the figure at the side of the reels, and the T-1000 WILD turns into a GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbol. GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbols lock to the reels until they from part of a win, at which point they are removed. Once a barrel has been shot, any further T-1000 WILD symbols that land on the same reel will not turn into GOLD MULTIPLIER WILDS . Each GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbol has a multiplier value of 2x, 3x or 5x. The multiplier for a wild symbol applies to any wins the wild symbol participates in. If more than 1 multiplier wild features in a winning combination, only the highest multiplier value will be applied. On the final spin, any GOLD MULTIPLIER WILD symbols that were removed during the feature return in the same positions. During 1984 Free Games , TERMINATOR WILD symbols appear stacked, and do not feature win multipliers. 2017 Free Games During 2017 Free Games , a holographic projector sits above each reel. On any spin, the figure at the side of the reels may shoot one of the holographic projectors. When this happens, a STACKED GENISYS WILD symbol will fill the reel beneath. STACKED GENISYS WILD symbols lock to the reels until they from part of a win, at which point they are removed. Once a holographic projector has been shot, no further STACKED GENISYS WILD symbols will land on that reel. During 2017 Free Games , TERMINATOR WILD symbols do not feature win multipliers. TERMINATOR CAR CHASE BONUS The TERMINATOR CAR CHASE BONUS can be triggered on any spin in the main game. You will be presented with 1-5 T-1000 symbols. Pick T-1000 symbols by clicking on them. Each symbol awards either: A cash prize of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x your total bet A win multiplier of 1x, 2x, 3x or 5x; or A respin symbol Multipliers start at 1x and are additive (e.g. picking a 1x multiplier when no other multipliers have been revealed will increase your multiplier to 2x). The respin symbol retriggers the feature after all symbols have been picked. Your total win will be stored, and you will be presented with another 1-5 T-1000 symbols to pick, which will award a second payout; win multipliers and cash prizes are not accumulated between the original and retriggered versions of the feature. The first pick will always reveal a cash prize and the last pick will always reveal a win multiplier. If no picks are made within 7 seconds, picks will be made automatically. The current cash prize is displayed in the CASH WON field. The current win multiplier is displayed in the MULTIPLIER field. The feature ends when you have picked all the T-1000 symbols on the screen. When the feature ends, the figure in the CASH WON field is multiplied by the figure in the MULTIPLIER field to determine your final total win. Click OK on the win summary screen to return to the main game reels. Casino toolbar The upper edge of the game window holds the Casino toolbar. It contains a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the 'Info' button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at the left side of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. The Payouts screens show all winning combinations. The Feature screens explain which features can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines, and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking the Back icon in the lower left-hand corner of the dialogue window exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 74 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 76 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020