Sahara Riches Megaways: Collect'em Sahara Riches MegaWays: Collect Em 6-reel slot with up to 86,436 ways to win and collapsing reels To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press TURBO to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Only highest win paid per way. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coin value is total bet divided by 10. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. Feature and symbol payouts are listed in the paytable. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin value must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Way win = coin bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. If more than one winning combination appears on a win line, only the highest winning combination is paid. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except COLLECT'EM™ , Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games symbols. Collect'Em Symbol: The symbol with words 'COLLECT'EM' on it is the COLLECT'EM™ symbol in the game. The COLLECT'EM™ symbol can only land on the top row during the main game and on any position during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a COLLECT'EM™ symbol on the top row will collect all Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games symbols that landed on that spin. Collect'Em Feature The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a COLLECT'EM™ symbol on the top row during the main game - or any position during Free Games - and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are corresponded to the players total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, +2 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x5, x7, x10, x12, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. MEGAWAYS The game is played with a variable number of ways to win. Reels 1 to 6 show up to 6 symbols. The top row always shows 4 symbols positioned above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The top row spins from right to left. Depending on the number of symbols appearing, each spin can be played with up to 86,436 ways to win. Any win triggers the collapsing reels feature. Winning symbols disappear after they pay out, causing non-winning symbols above them to drop and new symbols to fall from above. The reels will continue to collapse until no new winning combinations are formed. Note : COLLECT'EM™ symbols are not removed or affected by collapsing reels. Free Games Feature During the main game, when a COLLECT'EM™ symbol lands on the top row and 1 or more Free Games coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games , the COLLECT'EM™ symbol can appear on all reels, and locks on the reels for 3 spins whenever it lands. Note : Each COLLECT'EM™ symbol has its own counter of 3 spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note : New COLLECT'EM™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing COLLECT'EM™ symbol. Note : Free Games are capped at 500 spins. During free games, each COLLECT'EM™ symbols collect all Cash Prize , Diamond and/or Free Games symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each COLLECT'EM™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a COLLECT'EM™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes Simultaneously landing a COLLECT'EM™ symbol on the top row during the main game or any reel during Free Games and a Diamond symbol anywhere on the reels awards a Collect'Em™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 COLLECT'EM™ is locked on the reels during Free Games. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Please note: The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $500.00. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.47%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/10/2024