Fortunes of the Fox 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Fortunes of the Fox™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL Foxy is the WILD symbol in this game. The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. 3 WILD symbols appearing simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the main game, trigger the Bonfire Free Games feature. If 3 WILD symbols appear simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the Free Games, additional Free Games are awarded. More information on the Bonfire Free Games feature can be found below. SCATTER SYMBOL A bunch of grapes is the SCATTER symbol in this game. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game or the Bonfire Free Games trigger the Lucky Grapes Bonus feature. More information on the Lucky Grapes Bonus can be found below. BONFIRE FREE GAMES 15 Bonfire Free Games with a win multiplier of x3 are triggered if 3 WILD symbols appear simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4. To start the Free Games, click the PLAY button. If WILD symbols land on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously during the Free Games, you are awarded additional 15 Free Games with the same X3 multiplier. Free Games can be retriggered this way indefinitely. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games. Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Total Win shows the accumulated winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. LUCKY GRAPES BONUS 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game or the Bonfire Free Games trigger the Lucky Grapes Bonus round. To start the feature, click the PLAY button. When the feature begins, pick a bunch of grapes by clicking on it. Foxy will then jump on her trampoline to get at the grapes, each collected grape awards a cash prize until the trampoline breaks. Foxy can bounce up to 6 times, winning 6 cash prizes respectively. If the trampoline breaks before Foxy catches all 6 grapes, a consolation prize will be awarded. If the Lucky Grapes Bonus has been triggered during the Bonfire Free Games, the Free Games are interrupted for the bonus to take place and resume after it has been played out. At the end of the Bonus game, a win screen displays your winnings. click CONTINUE to return to the main game or resume the Free Games round. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.11%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020