Aquaman 5-reel, 243-Ways To Win slot The objective of the AQUAMAN slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: This game is played with 243 Ways to Win. 3 or more matching symbols on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, trigger a win. For information on Ways To Win, select i and go to the Ways To Win section. The total bet is fixed at 25 × coin value. Wins are multiplied by your coin value. Click the + and - buttons to select your coin value. Clicking the round Spin button spins the reels with the current total bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the AUTO button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode,the spin button turns into a STOP button that displays the number of remaining spins. The mode ends, when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the STOP button. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a interactive feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given Way to Win, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different Ways to Win are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulated winnings. Paytable pages Clicking the i button opens the paytable describing the different game components. Ways to Win This game is played with 243 Ways to Win. The amount of Ways to Win is fixed. Any combination of 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on adjacent reels starting from the left will form a win. Payouts Payouts are listed on the Payouts section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the coin value must be multiplied by the payout. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. On a given Way to Win, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different Ways to Win are accumulated. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except scatter symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Scatter symbols trigger in any position. TRIDENT WILD RESPINS Land AQUAMAN fully on reel 2 to trigger TRIDENT WILD RESPINS . Aquaman will throw his trident on to the reels as they respin, turning 3 adjacent symbols into locked Wilds. The reels will respin with all locked Wilds stuck in place until a win occurs. OCEAN RUSH RESPINS Land MERA fully on reel 4 to trigger OCEAN RUSH RESPINS . Mera will select a random Rush symbol to be a locking symbol and respin the reels. If more Rush symbols land, they will lock in place and the reels will spin again. Land AQUAMAN fully on reel 2 and MERA fully on reel 4 to combine both features ! ATLANTIS FREE GAMES Free Games Scatter Symbols trigger ATLANTIS FREE GAMES . Collect GOLDEN AQUAMAN symbols to transform villain symbols into AQUAMAN, increasing your chance of high wins! WILD can gain a 2X , 3X or 4X win multiplier when participating in a win! If more than 1 Wild symbol appears in the same winning combination, the total multiplier value will be multiplied together. Land 2 or more Free Games Scatter Symbols to trigger extra ATLANTIS FREE GAMES ! Extra ATLANTIS FREE GAMES can be triggered indefinitely. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature. Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): the jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. The jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the win pop-up together with any other winnings. Seed (how much money the progressive jackpots start with) -- Mini: € 100; Minor: € 1,000; Major: € 10,000; Grand: € 200,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into each of the jackpots): 0.99% The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If the jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. If available, you can check the game history to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a bonus round or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the bonus game after you log back into the Casino. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.00% without the jackpot, and 95.99% with the jackpot. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Updated On: 4/25/2019 Last modification date: 10/14/2020