Justice League 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of Justice League™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to be taken to the main game reels. This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Your line bet per game round is your total bet divided by 40. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Once the feature has ended you will be automatically returned to the main game or the Autoplay session will resume (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the JL symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol except the SCATTER symbol. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is a mother box symbol. 3 SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5 will trigger the Free Games feature. SCATTER symbols can only land on reels #1, #3 and #5. STACKED SYMBOLS Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg and The Flash symbols appear as single symbols on all reels during the main game, the Super Hero Respin feature and Free Games. These symbols also appear in 2-symbol high, 3-symbol high and 4-symbol high stacks during the main game, the Super Hero Respin feature and Free Games. SUPER HERO RESPINS During any main game spin a special frame (called the ‘feature frame’) can appear over the bottom symbol position on reel 5. If a super hero symbol (Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Cyborg or The Flash) lands in the frame all symbols of that type will turn into WILD symbols before the wins are calculated. The reels will then respin with the super hero symbol that landed in the frame transformed into a WILD symbol. During a respin the feature frame will remain in position. If another super hero symbol lands in the feature frame all symbols of that type will change into WILD symbols and trigger another respin. A respin can be triggered up to 5 times consecutively. The feature ends when a non-super hero symbol lands in the feature frame. After the feature ends any super hero symbols that turned WILD revert to their original state. FREE GAMES 3 SCATTER symbols landing on reels #1, #3 and #5 trigger the Free Games feature. You will be taken to the mode selection screen, which will have up to 6 Free Games modes available. Free Games modes are unlocked by repeatedly triggering the Free Games feature. Trigger the Free Games feature 6 times to unlock all 6 modes. The Free Games modes are: Land 2 SCATTER symbols to trigger 3 extra free games in any free games mode, except Superman and Batman. Land 3 SCATTER symbols to retrigger any free games mode, except Superman and Batman. No extra free games or retriggers are available in the Superman and Batman free games modes. Each time you trigger the Free Games feature from the main game, you unlock another super hero. Trigger the Free Games feature 6 times to unlock all 6 modes. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. The number of free games left is shown in the Free Games Left field. After all free games have completed a screen appears showing the total feature win. Click OK to return to the main game reels. Your total win for the feature will also be displayed in the Total Win field in the main game. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot . The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand . The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): The jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature. The trigger that starts the jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The Jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking on a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open 1 of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - this button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - this icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . Golden Chip Bonus - this icon is displayed only in games in which you have the Golden Chip bonus available. Clicking this icon opens the Golden Chip menu . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch it. Featured - is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - when you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - when you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - opens the help article that you are reading right now. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking BACK TO REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Buttons: Info - open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Total Bet + and − buttons - increase or decrease the total bet. Spin – spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the gameplay by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.33% and the minimum is 96.31%. Both include Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/21/2020