Fire Blaze: Green Wizard 5-reel 243-ways game The objective of the Fire Blaze: Green Wizard™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The game is played with 243 ways to win in the main game and 576 ways to win in Free Games. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated Ways and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Ways: Active ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Wizard . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, the Magic Ball symbol, and the Gold Egg symbol to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Castle . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. Magic Ball Symbol: The Magic Ball is the Bonus symbol in the game. 6 or more Magic Ball symbols in any position trigger the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Gold Egg Symbol: The Gold Egg symbol only appears in the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 6 Free Games are awarded. During Free Games, 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels will award 6 additional Free Games. During each Free Game spin, 1, 2 or 3 reels will be highlighted with an animating gold frame. All Wild symbols that land on a reel highlighted with the animating gold frame will have a 2x multiplier. Any ways win that includes a 2x Wild symbol will pay the normal win multiplied by 2x. If a ways win contains 2x Wild symbols on more than one reel, the win will be multiplied by 2x for each participating reel that contains one or more 2x Wild symbols. Any Magic Ball symbols that land on a reel highlighted with an animating gold frame will have higher prize values, on average, than other Magic Ball symbols. Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature: When 6 or more Magic Ball symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature is triggered. Each Magic Ball symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize or a Star icon. Any Magic Ball symbols that triggered the feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, are held in position during the feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new Magic Ball symbol, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. After each respin, 1 held Magic Ball symbol may be changed to a Gold Egg symbol, with the same cash prize displayed. Magic Ball symbols with Star icons cannot be changed to Gold Egg symbols. The Gold Egg symbol's cash value will then increase, adding displayed cash values from up to 3 other on-screen Magic Ball or Gold Egg symbols. When a Magic Ball symbol is changed to a Gold Egg symbol, the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The GRAND prize (GRAND prize value = total bet x 2000) is awarded during the feature when all symbol positions are filled with Magic Ball symbols or Gold Egg symbols. All Magic Ball and Gold Egg prizes shown on screen are paid when the GRAND prize is won, or when all 3 respins have been used. The feature will then be complete. Any held Star icon will transform to award the MAJOR (MAJOR prize value = total bet x 500), MINOR (MINOR prize value = total bet x 100) or MINI (MINI prize value = total bet x 20) prize. These prizes can be won multiple times in each Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature session. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 91.90%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.