Pink Panther 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of Pink Panther™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2, 3, 4 and 5 WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 2 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. There is also a separate payout for 3, 4 and 5 SCATTER symbols on an active payline. BONUS GAMES There are 4 different bonus games in Pink Panther™. When a bonus game is triggered, click the PLAY button. Wheel of Pink Bonus In this feature the Pink Panther spins 2 wheels. The external wheel awards cash prizes. The larger the total bet placed on the triggering spin, the larger the cash prizes will be. The inner wheel has only 2 options – RESPIN and COLLECT. Click SPIN or RESPIN to spin the wheels. When the inner wheel stops at COLLECT, the total feature win is awarded and the feature ends. The Color Pink Bonus In this feature the Pink Panther and the Little Man paint a wall of numbers in pink and blue, respectively. Click PAINT to start painting. At the end of a painting round, the sum of the pink numbers is multiplied by the player's total bet on the spin that triggered the feature to form the total feature win. Choose either REPAINT to try again or COLLECT to receive the total feature win and end the feature. Up to 3 rounds can be played. At the end of the third round, the total feature win for that round is awarded automatically and the feature ends. Pink Trail Bonus In this feature Inspector Clouseau follows footsteps for 4 rounds to find a stolen diamond. Each footstep either awards a cash prize or triggers a trap that removes half of the cash prizes won so far and ends the bonus. The number of footsteps in each round can vary. At the end of each successful round, select either CONTINUE or COLLECT. Selecting COLLECT awards the total feature win and ends the feature. Selecting CONTINUE resumes the tracing of the footsteps. Finishing all 4 rounds successfully without falling into a trap causes Clouseau to find the diamond and doubles all the cash prizes won. Crack the Pink Code Bonus In the Crack the Pink Code Bonus, the Pink Panther opens safes that contain free games, free games win multipliers or an EXPANDING WILD symbol that appears on reel 3 in free games. A free games win multiplier multiplies every win from free games. An EXPANDING WILD symbol expands to cover the entire reel if doing so will create a winning combination. Click on a safe to reveal its contents. When the Pink Panther opens a safe that contains dynamite, one more prize is awarded and the bonus game ends. Click CONTINUE to start the free games. During the free games the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the free games. THE PINK POW FEATURE During the Pink Pow feature, after a spin, the Pink Panther randomly turns 2 to 6 symbols on the reels into WILD symbols after a spin. These EXTRA WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except SCATTER symbols. SCATTER wins are paid before the EXTRA WILD symbols are distributed. THE JACKPOT ADVENTURE The Jackpot Adventure can be triggered after any spin, including spins with no wins. However, the higher the bet, the greater the chance of entering the Jackpot Adventure. There are two progressive jackpots (the Major Pink and the Minor Pink) and a fixed consolation prize. Entering the Jackpot Adventure feature guarantees a win of 1 of the 3 prizes. The jackpot game screen shows 12 doors. Pick doors to open. Behind each door 1 of the following 3 characters will appear: the Pink Panther, Inspector Clouseau or the Little Man. Opening 5 Pink Panther doors wins the Major Pink jackpot. Opening 4 Inspector Clouseau doors wins the Minor Pink jackpot. Opening 3 Little Man doors wins the fixed consolation prize. The Jackpot Adventure game has a reaction timer. If you do not open enough doors before the timer expires, doors will open automatically and reveal the prize you have won. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Major Pink: €1000 Minor Pink: €100 Consolation Prize: €80 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 1.40% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Open: 5 Pink Panther doors to win the Major Pink; 4 Inspector Clouseau doors to win the Minor Pink; 3 Little Man doors to win the Consolation Prize. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play the Pink Panther™ slot game. The four bonus games, the Pink Pow feature and the Jackpot Adventure are all triggered during the main game and cannot be triggered during free games. The Pink Pow feature, a bonus game, the Jackpot Adventure or any combination of them can be triggered simultaneously after a spin, including a spin with no winning combinations. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If 2 players win the same Progressive Jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two Jackpot wins. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage is 93.99% and the maximum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage that includes the Jackpot contribution is 95.39%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020