Dragon Champions 6-Reel 4096-Way Slot The objective of Dragon Champions™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click PLAY on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is always played with 4096 Ways to Win . The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The total bet per game round is the coin value × 40. The coin value can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under COIN VALUE to choose the coin value. Clicking the SPIN button or pressing the SPACEBAR key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into the STOP button. Clicking the STOP button or pressing the SPACEBAR key ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button and click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During the Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP . Click this STOP button to stop the Autoplay session. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Dragon Champion Free Games feature is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button and then on OK . After the end of the feature, clicking OK on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game or resumes the Autoplay mode. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed by pressing the INFO button. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL WAYS FEATURE There are 4096 possible winning combinations in this All Ways game. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels. 2 Dragon symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, can also form a win. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Dragon Champions logo. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. There is no separate payout for WILD symbols. SCATTER SYMBOL The Free Games symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, they trigger Dragon Champion Free Games . More information on Dragon Champion Free Games can be found below. SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. DRAGONFIRE FEATURE Dragonfire symbols are surrounded by blue fire. During the main game any symbol, except WILD symbols and SCATTER symbols, can land as a Dragonfire symbol. Any Dragonfire symbol will make copies of itself on all 4 adjacent symbol positions (to the left, to the right, above, and below) when doing so will create or improve a win. A Dragonfire symbol cannot copy itself over WILD symbols or SCATTER symbols. Dragonfire symbols also cannot copy themselves over any symbol that is already part of a winning combination if a lower overall payout would be created by doing so. New symbols created from a Dragonfire symbol cannot make copies of themselves. During Dragon Champion Free Games , only Dragon symbols can be Dragonfire symbols. DRAGON CHAMPION FREE GAMES Whenever 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Dragon Champion Free Games feature is triggered: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 15 free games 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games 6 SCATTER symbols trigger 100 free games During free games, only Dragon symbols can be Dragonfire symbols. Additional free games can be awarded when 2 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the feature: 2 SCATTER symbols award 5 additional free games 3 SCATTER symbols award 8 additional free games 4 SCATTER symbols award 15 additional free games 5 SCATTER symbols award 25 additional free games 6 SCATTER symbols award 100 additional free games Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the INFO button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at either side of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Dragonfire Feature screen explains the behavior of Dragonfire symbols. The Free Games screen explains the Dragon Champion Free Games feature. The Ways screen illustrates the Ways to Win and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking BACK on the lower left-hand corner of the dialogue window exits the INFO screen and returns to the game. Buttons: INFO - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the coin bet. SPIN - Spin the reels. STOP - Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. AUTOPLAY / STOP - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reel. TURBO MODE - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game-play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.12%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021