Eliminators 5-reel 20-line Slot The objective of Eliminators is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. Wins can form on any payline. For information on paylines, select Info and go to the Winlines page. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable (on the Payouts screen) are multiplied by the line bet. Click the '+' and '-' buttons to select the total bet. Clicking START spins the reels with the current bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the Auto Play button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode, the Auto Play button displays the number of the remaining spins. The mode ends when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the Stop Auto Play button, located in the lower right-hand corner of the game window. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Clicking the Turbo Mode button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulating winnings. Info pages: Clicking Info opens the reference pages describing the different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons enables you to navigate between the pages. Clicking the X icon exits the Info pages and returns you to the game. Paylines: All 20 paylines are permanently active, and can be viewed from their page in the Info screen. About payouts: For information on Payouts, click Info and go to the High Wins and Low Wins pages. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If 2 payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Maximum win limit The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except Scatter, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Scatter: The Scatter symbol in the game is the Belt symbol. When 3 or more Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels they will trigger the feature selection screen. The number of Scatter symbols that land determines the number of free games offered in each feature. More information is available in the Feature Selection Screen section below. Collapsing Reels Any win on the reels will trigger a collapse. All symbols participating in a win will disappear. The losing symbols will fall to the bottom of the reels. New symbols will fall from the top of the reels. Any new wins this collapse creates will cause another collapse. When a collapse results in no new wins, no more collapses will be triggered. Elimination After winning Fighter symbols disappear, and the reels have collapsed, all other instances of that Fighter's symbols on the reel strips are eliminated. The eliminated Fighter is marked with a cross on the Fighter column to the left of the reels. Subsequent collapses can cause subsequent Fighter wins, which will cause the participating Fighter symbols to be eliminated from the reels. If every Fighter is eliminated as the result of a single spin, a cash prize bonus will trigger. Select a coin to reveal a cash prize during the cash prize bonus. The cash prize won will be 2X, 4X, 8X, 16X or 40X the total bet placed on the spin that triggered the feature. Click Continue on the win summary to return to the main game. All eliminated Fighter symbols return to the reels at the start of each new spin. Feature Selection Screen The feature selection screen is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels simultaneously in the main game. You will be offered a choice between 2 Free Games features. The number of Scatter symbols that land determines the number of free games offered in each feature. For Red Games: 3 Scatter symbols = 12 free games 4 Scatter symbols = 25 free games 5 Scatter symbols = 50 free games For Blue Games: 3 Scatter symbols = 10 free games 4 Scatter symbols = 21 free games 5 Scatter symbols = 40 free games Red Games The feature selection screen is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels simultaneously in the main game. You will be offered a choice between 2 Free Games features. Select Red Games and then select CONTINUE to start the Red Games feature. During free games the reels are spun automatically. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. The Free Games Left field shows the number of remaining free games. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. After a collapse occurs, the illuminated win multiplier above the reels dims and the next win multiplier in the sequence lights up (unless the X10 multiplier is active). A win multiplier applies to all wins on the reels that occur while it is lit up. The win multiplier resets to X2 at the start of each new spin. Landing 2 or more Scatter symbols will trigger extra free games. The number of Scatter symbols that land determines the number of extra free games won: 2 Scatter symbols = 3 extra free games 3 Scatter symbols = 12 extra free games 4 Scatter symbols = 25 extra free games 5 Scatter symbols = 50 extra free games After the last free game has finished a feature summary message will appear. Select CONTINUE to return to the main game. Blue Games The feature selection screen is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels simultaneously in the main game. You will be offered a choice between 2 Free Games features. Select Blue Games and then select CONTINUE to start the Blue Games feature. During free games the reels are spun automatically. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. The Free Games Left field shows the number of remaining free games. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings from all free games played so far. Blue Games uses a different reel set to the main game, which makes wins more likely. Landing 2 or more Scatter symbols will trigger extra free games. The number of Scatter symbols that land determines the number of extra free games won: 2 Scatter symbols = 3 extra free games 3 Scatter symbols = 10 extra free games 4 Scatter symbols = 21 extra free games 5 Scatter symbols = 40 extra free games After the last free game has finished a feature summary message will appear. Select CONTINUE to return to the main game. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.75 – 95.76%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, you will be automatically directed back to the game after you log back into the Casino and the latest spin will be replayed. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. You can select the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020