Diamond Duke About the game Diamond Duke is a 3 reel, 5 line video slot. The game features a Bonus Wheel, Multiplier Wheel, Pick Click and full reel grid wins. Theoretical payout is 96.23%. Special symbols Wheel Scatter Wheel Scatters pay out anywhere and are not bound to bet lines. 2 Wheel Scatters initiate the Bonus Wheel. 2 Wheel Scatters pay x4 bet. 3 Wheel Scatters initiate the Bonus Wheel and then the Multiplier Wheel. 3 Wheel Scatters pay x8 bet. Game Features Wheel Features Any multipliers won during wheel features multiply the entire win amount, so a multiplier of x5 combined with a multiplier of x10 results in multiplying the entire win by x50. Bonus Wheel A spin of the Bonus Wheel is awarded when either landing 2 or 3 Wheel Scatters. The Bonus Wheel spins and award either one of the multipliers x2, x3, x5, x7, x10 or the Pick Click. Multiplier Wheel A spin of the Multiplier Wheel is awarded when either landing 3 Wheel Scatters or filling the entire reel grid with the same symbol. The Multiplier Wheel spins and award one of the multipliers x2, x3, x5, x7 or x10. Pick Click Pick Click contains coin wins based on your bet: Stage 1: Between x2 and x7 bet. Stage 2: Between x3 and x15 bet. Stage 3: Between x5 and x100 bet. Each stage has a "Collect" option that ends the bonus game if selected. Stage 1 and 2 has an "Upgrade" option that resets the Pick Click to the values of the next stage. Full Grid Win Filling the entire reel grid with the same symbol pays all the lines and awards a spin of the Multiplier Wheel. Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of bet lines used in the game is fixed at 5. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £240,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020