Age of the Gods 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Age of the Gods™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Age of the Gods™ Bonus Round is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL Wild in gold wreath is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol, except for the SCATTER symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more consecutive WILD symbols starting from reel 1. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The game logo is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. In addition, 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Age of the Gods™Bonus , in which you can win 1 of 4 Free Games features. The SCATTER symbol will not trigger the Age of the Gods™ Bonus during Free Games. PANTHEON OF POWER ON REELS FEATURE When ATHENA , ZEUS , POSEIDON , HERCULES and APHRODITE appear consecutively on an active payline in any order, starting on the leftmost reel, a cash prize of 200 x line bet will be awarded. Age of the Gods™ BONUS In the Age of the Gods™ Bonus game you are presented with 20 coinsthat hide symbols for several gods: Athena , Zeus , Poseidon and Hercules . Picking a symbol reveals a god symbol. When 3 symbols for one of these gods aretriggered, that god’s Free Games feature will be triggered. For example, if 3 Athena symbols are revealed then Athena Free Games will be triggered. More information about the different Free Games features can be found in the relevant sections below. Click CONTINUE to start the Free Games. When a Free Games feature ends, you will be returned to the Age of the Gods Bonus screen. You may then click icons again to reveal god symbols and possibly trigger another Free Games feature. Re-triggering the Free Games is possible only during the Age of the Gods™ Bonus . Revealing a Hades symbol when clicking on an icon ends the Age of the Gods™ Bonus and returns you to the main game. During all 4 Free Games features the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that won the Age of the Gods™ Bonus . After each spin the win is displayed in the Win popup. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games. When the Hades symbol is uncovered and terminates the Bonus, a result board summarizes your winnings. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the main game spin that won the Age of the Gods™ Bonus . Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during all Free Games during the Age of the Gods™ Bonus . Total Win shows the accumulated winnings ( Game Win and Feature Win added up). ATHENA FREE GAMES Revealing 3 Athena symbols in the Age of the Gods™ Bonus triggers 9 Athena Free Games. Before each Free Games spin, Athena awards a random win multiplier between x2 and x5, which will be applied to any winnings from that Free Games spin. Athena Free Games cannot be retriggered during the feature. When the Athena Free Games feature ends, you will be returned to the Age of the Gods™ Bonus where another Free Games feature can be won. ZEUS FREE GAMES Revealing 3 Zeus symbols in the Age of the Gods™ Bonus triggers 9 Zeus Free Games. Zeus Free Games begin with a win multiplier of x1. At the start of every 3rd Free Games spin, Zeus increases the win multiplier by +1. The current win multiplier is visible at the top left of the screen and will be applied to any wins in a Free Games spin. Zeus Free Games have an Extra WILD symbol, which stays locked in the middle position of the 3rd reel throughout the feature and substitutes for all other symbols except SCATTER . Zeus Free Games cannot be retriggered during the feature. When the Zeus Free Games feature ends you will be returned to the Age of the Gods™ Bonus where another Free Games feature can be won. POSEIDON FREE GAMES Revealing 3 Poseidon symbols in the Age of the Gods™ Bonus triggers 9 Poseidon Free Games. During any Poseidon Free Games spin Poseidon may turn up to 5 symbols into Extra WILD symbols. Extra WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except SCATTER . SCATTER symbols pay even if they are covered by an Extra WILD . Poseidon Free Games cannot be retriggered during the feature. When Poseidon Free Games end, you will be returned to the Age of the Gods™ Bonus where another Free Games feature can be won. HERCULES FREE GAMES Revealing 3 Hercules symbols in the Age of the Gods™ Bonus triggers 9 Hercules Free Games. The Hercules Stacked WILD fills the entirety of reel 3 for every Hercules Free Games spin. The Hercules Stacked WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER . Hercules Free Games cannot be retriggered during the feature. When Hercules Free Games end, you will be returned to the Age of the Gods™ Bonus where another Free Games feature can be won. Age of the Gods™ JACKPOT Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Power: €50 Extra Power: €500 Super Power: €5,000 Ultimate Power: €100,000 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Clicking on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 second). If the player fails to find three matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued(a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 03 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95 . 02 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020