Golden Macaque 5-reel 243-ways slot The objective of the Golden Macaque™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The game is played with 243 ways to win. The total bet is equal to 20x coin value. On the entry screen, press the START button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Scatter wins can form from matching symbols in any position on any reels, according to the paytable. Only the highest winning combination per symbol is paid. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated Ways and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . 243 Ways: Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is equal to your total bet divided by 20. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Macaque , a type of Monkey. The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol and the Drum symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Gong . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any positions trigger the Gong Feature . Drum Symbol: The Drum is the Bonus symbol in the game. 6 or more Drum symbols in any position trigger the Fire Blaze Respin Feature . Golden Macaque Symbol: The Golden Macaque is a special symbol which appears in the Fire Blaze Respin Feature only. Fire Blaze Respin Feature: When 6 or more Drum symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. 3 respins are awarded. Any Drum symbols that triggered the Feature are held in position during the Feature. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. Each Drum symbol that triggered the Feature and any Drum symbols that land during the Feature will reveal a cash prize or a Jackpot Star icon. If a Jackpot Star icon revealed, it will spin to award the MAJOR (MAJOR Jackpot value = total bet x 100), MINOR (MINOR Jackpot value = total bet x 25) or MINI (MINI Jackpot value = total bet x 10) Jackpot prize. If a Golden Macaque symbol lands, it will reveal a prize equal to the sum of all the prizes displayed on all held Drum symbols. After each respin, if there is one or more new Drum , Golden Macaque or Jackpot Star symbols, they will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. If there are any held Golden Macaque or Jackpot Star symbols, there is a chance that these prizes will be added to the prize for the Golden Macaque that has just landed. The GRAND (GRAND Jackpot value = total bet x 2000) Jackpot prize is awarded during the Feature when all symbol positions are filled with held symbols. All held prizes shown on screen are paid when the GRAND prize is won, or when all 3 respins have been used. The feature will then be complete. Fire Blaze Jackpot is not a progressive jackpot; it is a prize that increases proportionally to the bet and doesn't have increment in it. Gong Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Gong Feature is triggered. At the start of the Gong Feature the player can select one of 4 available Gongs. The selected Gong will award the Fire Blaze Respin Feature or 6 free games. The reel strips used during the free games do not contain "A", "K", "Q" or "J" symbols. During free games the reels spin automatically. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. During the free games, any 3 or more Scatter symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on the reels, will award 6 additional free games. During the free games, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature cannot be triggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.73%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020