Mega Fire Blaze: Breaking Bad Mega Fire Blaze: Breaking Bad™ 5-reel, 30-line game The objective of the Mega Fire Blaze: Breaking Bad™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 30. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press ▶ to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. To close bet settings and return to the game, press anywhere on the screen. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wild Symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, the Prize Fire Blaze symbol and the Diamond Fire Blaze symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the main game and on all reels during Free Games. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Car Wash . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature . Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. Fire Blaze Symbols: There are 2 types of Fire Blaze symbol in the main game - Prize Fire Blaze and the Diamond Fire Blaze . 6 or more Fire Blaze symbols in any position trigger the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. Any Scatter on position directly above or below the reel area may nudge in to be included in the trigger. 5 Free Games are awarded. During each Free Games spin, a random number of bubbles may appear on the reels. Some of these bubbles may become Wild or Fire Blaze symbols. During Free Games, any combination of 6 Fire Blaze symbols in any position triggers the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Free Games cannot be retriggered during the feature. Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature: 6 or more Fire Blaze symbols in any position trigger the Mega Fire Blaze Hold & Respin Feature . Any Fire Blaze symbols that triggered the feature are held in position during the feature. Each Prize Fire Blaze symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15 or 50x total bet) or a Star icon. At the start of the feature there are 4 locked symbol rows, each with 2 locks per row. Additionally, there are 3 locked Character reels - the Skyler Reel , the Saul Reel and the Jesse Reel . Finally, at the top of the reels, there is the locked GRAND Reel . 3 respins are awarded at the start of the feature. Each unheld, unlocked symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new Fire Blaze symbol in an unlocked position, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. If one of the special Character symbols lands, the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The feature will complete when all 3 respins have been used. At the completion of the feature: Any held Star icon will transform to award the MAJOR (500x total bet), MINOR (100x total bet) or MINI (20x total bet) prize. All multiplier watermarks will be applied to their symbol. All prizes displayed on unlocked symbol positions will be awarded. The Saul Reel unlocks on the first respin. If a Saul symbol lands in the unlocked Saul Reel during a respin, 1 held Fire Blaze symbol will be changed to a Pink Bear symbol, with the same cash prize displayed. Fire Blaze symbols with Star icons cannot be changed to Pink Bear symbols. The Pink Bear symbol will accumulate the sum of prize values from up to 4 randomly selected Fire Blaze or other Pink Bear symbols already held on the reels. The Pink Bear symbol prize will not factor in any multiplier watermarks on the Fire Blaze symbol prizes it randomly selects. The Pink Bear symbol will be held in place for the remainder of the feature. The Saul symbol is not held in place, but spins off. If the Saul symbol lands, the Respins meter will be reset to 3. The Skyler Reel unlocks when the 1st (1st lowest) locked symbol row is unlocked. If the Skyler symbol lands in the unlocked Skyler Reel , it awards up to 3 new Fire Blaze symbols. These are placed at random in empty, unlocked reel positions. The Skyler symbol is not held in place, but spins off. If the Skyler symbol lands, the Respins meter will be reset to 3. The Jesse Reel unlocks when the 2nd (2nd lowest) locked symbol row is unlocked. If the Jesse symbol lands in the unlocked Jesse Reel , it awards a 2x multiplier watermark on up to 5 random symbol positions. These symbol positions may be locked, empty or held. If the position has no multiplier watermark already, the multiplier value will be set to 2x. If the position has a multiplier watermark already, the multiplier value will be multiplied by 2 . The multiplier value is capped at 4x. These multipliers will be applied to the held Prize Fire Blaze or Pink Bear symbols at the end of the feature. The Jesse symbol is not held in place, but spins off. If the Jesse symbol lands, the Respins meter will be reset to 3. Any Diamond Fire Blaze symbol that lands during the trigger spin or during the feature will remove 1 lock from the 4 locked symbol rows, starting from the lowest available lock. Diamond Fire Blaze symbols will transform into Prize Fire Blaze symbols with a cash value of 1x total bet after performing the unlock animation. If both locks are removed from one of the 4 locked rows, this row will be unlocked for all future respins in the current feature. After the 1st (lowest) locked row is unlocked, the Skyler Reel will also be unlocked for all future respins in the current feature. After the 2nd (2nd lowest) locked row is unlocked, the Jesse Reel will also be unlocked for all future respins in the current feature. After the 3rd (3rd lowest) locked row is unlocked, the GRAND Reel will also be unlocked for all future respins in the current feature. The GRAND Reel will also be unlocked if all reel positions, excluding the special Character Reels , are filled with Fire Blaze or Pink Bear symbols. If the GRAND symbol lands in the unlocked GRAND Reel , the GRAND prize (2000x total bet) will be awarded. The number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The GRAND prize can only be awarded once per Hold & Respin Feature . Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.50%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. TM & © 2024 Sony Pictures Television Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Last modification date: 11/18/2025