Cashpot Slot Cashpot Exploding Reels Slot The Cashpot Slot game is a five reel, twenty-line slot, which includes a fixed amount jackpot and an Exploding Reels feature. Cashpot Slot Jackpot Feature Cashpot Slot features a fixed amount marketing prize of £500 (not funded by player stakes) that will pay out on average every 24 hours. Only players who have staked at least 20p on each spin will be eligible to win the Jackpot. The jackpot is not associated with any reel icons; so you can win the jackpot even if you don’t win on any of your selected paylines. The chance of winning the jackpot is time-based with the chance increasing over time until the jackpot has been won, at which point the probability will reset to the original odds. Cashpot Slot Exploding Reels Feature All symbol combinations defined in the pay table will trigger the Exploding Reels feature during game play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are displayed in the 'Won' field. All winning symbols in the combination disappear. All symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence, to fill the empty spaces. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are displayed in the 'Won' field. At the point when no winning symbol combinations are created and all wins are accumulated, winnings are credited to the user’s account balance. The Exploding Reels feature remains active until no winning symbol combinations are created. Game Rules The following game rules apply: You can bet up to £5.00 per line creating a total maximum bet of £100 per spin. The minimum bet is £0.01 The maximum win amount for this game is £30k All wins pay from left to right. Any winning combination of matched symbols must start from reel 1 to 5 consecutively. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled line only. Exploding Reels will activate on winning lines only. In the event of a winning line the winning symbols will be removed and symbols will fall from above to fill the space. This set of symbols will then be evaluated for winning lines and so on. The Exploding Reels feature will continue until there are no longer any winning symbol combinations. To qualify for the fixed amount jackpot, a player must stake a minimum of 20p to be eligible to win the jackpot. Autoplay functionality is available for Cashpot Slot, where the game will play out until triggered to stop via; a spin limit, wins of a set amount or losses of a set amount. Winning the jackpot will cease any autoplay. We reserve the right to amend these game rules at any time. The RTP for Cashpot Slot is 95.52% (based on a game with the maximum number of lines selected). Malfunction In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. Game Version 16.5.0 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/16/2020