Sweet Party Chain Reactor Game The objective of Sweet Party™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations of 5 or more vertically and/or horizontally adjacent symbols of the same kind to win a multiplier for your bet. TO PLAY THE GAME Choose your bet by clicking '–' or '+' below 'BET'. Clicking PLAY spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected bet. The reels can also be spun using the Autolay function. By default, Autoplay is set to 5. Choose the number of autospins by clicking '–' or '+'. The number of auto spins left is displayed below the 'AUTOPLAY'. Clicking PLAY button starts the Autolay mode. Clicking STOP button stops Autoplay mode. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. A winning combination is made up of 5 or more symbols of a kind that are vertically and/or horizontally adjacent to each other. Diagonally adjacent symbols do not form a winning combination. The more symbols participate in the winning combination, the bigger the payout. If more than one kind of symbols make up a winning combination, the winnings are added up. The accumulating winnings for each game round are displayed in the Win field. SYMBOLS Sweet Party™ features 6 different symbols. At the beginning of each game round, all the symbols in the game field are reset. Symbols that form a winning combination explode, enabling more symbols to drop down and form new combinations. SWEET PARTY™ PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT A winning combination of 8 to 25 red-and-white candy symbols wins the jackpot. The size of the jackpot is 10%, 20%, 50% or 100% of the progressive jackpot and is proportional to the size of the placed bet. For more information, see the Paytable. Note: The full progressive jackpot can only be won if you place the maximum possible bet in the game. 1% of each player's bet in all game rounds played online in all online Casinos is added to the progressive jackpot in the following way: 0.5% will go to the seed and 0.5% to the increment of the current jackpot. When the seed reaches the maximum possible total bet (configured by the Casino operator) x 10,000, the percentage of the players' bets stops feeding the seed and goes directly to the progressive part. The Jackpot ticker field is constantly updated according to the current player’s bet. Note: If 2 or more players win the jackpot at the same time, the wins are distributed as follows: Player 1 places a bet that makes him eligible to win the progressive jackpot. Players 2, 3, etc. will only win the seed along with their jackpot contribution as the progressive part has already been won by Player 1. Note: If the game is terminated while winning the jackpot, a screen summarizing the jackpot winnings will be shown upon resuming the game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 92 . 98 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 93 . 98 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020