Epic Ape 6-Reel Slot with All-Ways Feature The objective of Epic Ape™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with 4096 Ways to Win. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons below TOTAL BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. All payouts are the coin value multiplied by the value for the win on the Paytable. The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times during gameplay. The player bets on combinations across adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, instead of on paylines. There are 4096 possible winning combinations in the game Epic Ape and the player bets on all of them each spin. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on SCATTER symbols can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the Diamond symbol. The WILD symbol appears on reels #2, #3, #4, #5 and #6 only. The WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbols randomly multiply wins by x2, x3 and x5 during Free Games. The WILD symbol has no payout of its own. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Free Games symbol. 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols trigger the Free Games feature when appearing anywhere on the reels. If 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously on the reels during the Free Games feature 5 and more Free Games are awarded. Additional Free Games can be won in this way indefinitely. More information on the Free Games feature can be found below. STACKED SYMBOLS Gorilla symbol stacks appear on all reels during the main game and the Free Games feature. FREE GAMES The Free Games feature is triggered by 3, 4, 5 or 6 SCATTER symbols landing simultaneously anywhere on reels. The greater the number of SCATTER symbols that trigger the Free Games feature, the greater the number of Free Games that are awarded: Number of SCATTER symbols that trigger the Free Games feature Number of Free Games awarded 3 8 Free Games 4 15 Free Games 5 25 Free Games 6 100 Free Games Tap the PLAY button to begin the Free Games feature when it is triggered. During Free Games, the reels are spun automatically. The Free Games Win box to the upper center of the game window shows the accumulated free games you have won. The Multiplier box to the upper left of the game window displays the accumulated win multiplier value. The number of free spins remaining is shown in the Spins Left box to the upper right of the game window. If 2 or more SCATTER symbols land on the reels simultaneously during the Free Games feature additional Free Games will be awarded: Number of SCATTER symbols that land on a Free Games spin Number of additional Free Games awarded 2 5 Free Games 3 8 Free Games 4 15 Free Games 5 25 Free Games 6 100 Free Games Additional Free Games can be won in this way indefinitely. After all Free Games have been completed, a winnings summary screen shows Game win (the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games), Feature win (the winnings that were received from free games) and the aggregate Total win (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Tapping OK button on the screen will return you to the main game. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money -This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . Golden Chip Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have the Golden Chip bonus available. Clicking this icon opens the Golden Chip menu . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound On/Off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. With REELS button you can return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Features screen explains which feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons:: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin - Spin the reels. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player(RTP) is 95.96%. Last modification date: 10/5/2021