Golden Tour 5-Reel 5-Line Slots The objective of Golden Tour™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Golden Tour Bonus is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. In this game, paylines pay both left to right and right to left. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost or the rightmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive. If more than one active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. In case one payline contains two winning combinations (one starting from the leftmost and the other from the rightmost reel), you are paid for both combinations. 5 of a kind wins are paid once per line. The SCATTER symbols and the WILD symbol are exceptions to these rules. More information about these symbols can be found below. In the case of a winning spin, the Win popup displays the accumulating winnings and each payline win. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is the two balls symbol. It can stand in for both the orange and the white ball, whichever makes for a better winning combination. For example, if you get a combination of orange ball – orange ball – two balls – white ball – white ball, the two balls symbol acts in both combinations and you get two payouts: one for three orange balls, and one for three white balls. SCATTER SYMBOLS The gopher, duck and catfish symbols are the SCATTER symbols – when you get 3 or more of these symbols (of the same kind) on the screen during one round, lying consecutively, you enter the bonus round. The symbols do not have to follow any payline, meaning they can be in any position on the reels. GOLDEN TOUR BONUS In the bonus game, you choose a driver, an iron and then a putter. You will win a prize based on these three clubs you choose. If you entered the bonus game with 4 SCATTER symbols and not just 3, your prize is tripled. If you entered with 5 SCATTER symbols, your prize is multiplied by 10. At the end of the Bonus game, a win screen displays your winnings. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.71%. Last modification date: 6/21/2022