Spy Rise 5-reel 40-line slot The objective of Spy Rise™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to skip the animation and enter the main game. Select Don’t Show Next Time if you want to skip the entry screen in future. Press anywhere on the intro screen to dismiss the Feature Bet pop-up. This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. The total bet per game round is dependent on the Feature Bet level. Press + and - from the left and right side of TOTAL BET under the game reels or in the Paytable to choose the total bet. Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline during Free Games, only the highest winning combination pays per line per direction, except a 5-of-a-kind combination which pays both ways. Simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the autoplay button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when the reels have spun the number of times specified, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the STOP button. Feature Bet Mode: Improve your payouts by upgrading symbols. Press the Feature Bet button during the main game to enter the Feature Bet sidebar and increase the payouts of up to 4 high-paying symbols at the cost of an increased total bet. Choose one of 4 symbols with a correspondent level for upgrade from the sidebar on the right-hand of the reels. Pressing on the symbol for the second time deactivates all upgraded symbols and sets the Feature Bet level to 0. Press Confirm or anywhere on the screen to activate the selected symbol. All instances of the chosen symbol will upgrade on the reels. Each upgrade will increase your total bet. You can upgrade up to 4 symbol payouts. When the Feature Bet sidebar is opened, you can close it by pressing the Confirm button, by pressing the X , or by pressing anywhere outside the Feature Bet panel. The menu will shrink, and the reels will return to full size. After any of these actions are performed, the selected Feature Bet level is retained. You can also select the Feature Bet Level by pressing + and – under FEATURE BET LEVEL in the Paytable. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the left-right arrows at the bottom of the screen. To close the paytable and return to the main game, press the X button. Paylines: There are 40 fixed lines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. 3 or more Wild symbols have a separate payout. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: A Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. There is a separate payout for 3 or more Wild symbols on an active payline as shown in the Paytable. Scatter symbol: The Spy Rise logo is the Scatter symbol in the game. The Scatter symbol can land on reels #1, #3 and #5 only. If 3 Scatter symbols appear on the same main game spin in any positions on reels #1, #3 and #5, the Free Games feature is triggered. Free Games Feature: When 3 Scatter symbols land simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5, 10 Free Games are triggered. Press OK on the congratulations pop-up window to start the Free Games feature. Free games are played automatically with the same bet and feature bet which was placed on the spin that triggered them. The Free Games feature is played both ways. The Free Games feature cannot be retriggered. At the end of the Free Games feature press OK on the winning summary pop-up window to return to the main game reels. The Progressive Jackpot feature cannot be triggered during the Free Games feature. Scatter symbols do not land during the Free Games feature. Progressive Jackpot Feature: The jackpot in the game is progressive and is accumulated by all Casinos offering the game. A small percentage of each bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressive jackpot amount, and the other, smaller part, contributes to a seed, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be won by players of the game. The Jackpot Feature can be triggered by landing 5 red reels simultaneously on the main game reels during any main game spin. Note: The Jackpot Feature cannot be triggered during the Free Games feature. But it is possible for the Jackpot and Free Games feature to be triggered simultaneously on the same spin. If this happens, the Jackpot win animation is shown on the last Free Game round. Seed (how much money the progressive jackpot starts with): EUR 10,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). Average contribution rate (what average percentage of each bet goes into the progressive jackpot): 2.0% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the progressive jackpot): land 5 red reels simultaneously during the main game. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the progressive jackpot): play the Spy Rise™ slot game on any Feature Bet level. In the event of the jackpot being won, other players playing the game simultaneously will be informed of the new jackpot value. Note: In case 2 players win the progressive jackpot at the same time, the 1 st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the 2 nd one will win the seed together with any possibly accumulated progressive part for the time between the winning of the progressive jackpot by the 1 st and the 2 nd player. There is also a separate payout for 3 or 4 red reels landing simultaneously on the main game reels during any main game spin as can be seen in the Paytable. If the Jackpot feature is triggered this payout may or may not be awarded at the same time. If the jackpot is being discontinued (the game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified about it by the Casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.02% that includes Jackpot Contribution of 2%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020