Tsai Shen's Gift 5-reel 50-line slot Tsai Shen's Gift™ is a 5 reel, 3 row, 50 line slot with a Free Games Mega-Reel Feature and Fire Blaze Respin Feature. The objective of the Tsai Shen's Gift™ slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 50. The total bet is equal to 25x coin value. On the entry screen, press the Start button to start the game. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulated line and Scatter winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Line wins will equal your coin value multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Scatter wins will equal your total bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. For information on paylines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can only form on active paylines. Winning line combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. There is a difference between the coin value and the total bet. The coin value is equal to your total bet divided by 25. Line win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable multiplied by the coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol is the Tsai Shen . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol and the Pearl symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Jade . 3 or more Scatter symbols in any positions trigger the Free Games Feature . Fire Blaze Respin Feature: The Pearl is the Bonus symbol in the game. In the base game, when 6 or more Pearl symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. In the free games, when 1 Mega Pearl symbol lands, the Fire Blaze Respin Feature is triggered. Each Pearl symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize or a Jackpot Star icon. Any Pearl symbols that triggered the Feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, are held in position during the Feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is one or more new Pearl symbol, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The GRAND (GRAND Jackpot value = total bet x 2000) prize is awarded during the feature when all symbol positions are filled with Pearl symbols. All Pearl prizes shown on screen are paid when the GRAND prize is won, or when all 3 respins have been used. The feature will then be complete. Any held Jackpot Star icon will transform to award the MAJOR (MAJOR Jackpot value = total bet x 500), MINOR (MINOR Jackpot value = total bet x 100) or MINI (MINI jackpot value = total bet x 20) prize. These prizes can be won multiple times in each Fire Blaze Respin Feature session. Fire Blaze Jackpot is not a progressive jackpot; it is a prize that increases proportionally to the bet and doesn't have increment in it. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. 6 free games are awarded. During each free games spin, one of the following combinations will spin together as a big symbol: reels 1, 2 and 3; or reels 2, 3 and 4; or reels 3, 4 and 5. During the free games, all wins pay according to the Free Games Feature paytable. 1 mega Scatter symbol triggers 3 additional free games. 1 mega Pearl symbol triggers the Fire Blaze Respin Feature . The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.50%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020