The Sweetest: Collect'Em The Sweetest: Collect'Em 5-reel, 30-line slot To play the game: The entry screen displays the game’s features. Press the ► button to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to activate Turbo Mode , making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Only the highest winning combination pays. 3 or more matching symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Enabling Extra Bet increases your total bet, but does not change the payouts. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the letter 'W' is the WILD symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect'Em™ , Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games coin symbols. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reels 1 and/or 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize , Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Collect'Em™ Feature The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with the cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes depend on the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, a +2 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you a cash prize or a number of free games accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. WILD symbols can appear stacked on the reels. Note : Cash Prize symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10 during the main game. During the Free Games feature, the values are +2, +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels 1 and/or 5, and 1 or more Free Games coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won equals the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games , the Collect'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels and locks on the reels for a random number of spins, up to 10 spins, whenever it lands. Note : Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. During Free Games , each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Prize , Free Games and/or Diamond symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Note : New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Cash Spreader: During the main game and Free Games , the Cash Spreader feature can be triggered. The symbol with a candy jar on it is the Cash Spreader symbol. When a Cash Spreader symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the Cash Spreader symbol will spread up to 5 random coins on the reels. Spread coins cannot land on positions occupied by the Collect'Em™ symbols. After spreading, a Cash Spreader symbol will transform into a random coin. Nudge Feature: The Nudge feature can only trigger on reel 5 during the main game. If you miss the Collect'Em™ symbol, there is a chance of Nudge . Reels will shake and may move up or down to bring the Collect'Em™ in to reel 5. Marshmallow Booster: During the main game and Free Games feature, marshmallow characters can appear on the Cash Prize and Free Games coin symbols on any random spin. When marshmallow characters appear, they can do one of the following: Increase the value of existing Cash Prize or Free Games coin symbols if there is a Collect'Em™ symbol anywhere on the reels. Increase the counter on the Collect'Em™ symbol, which lands during the Free Games feature, to up to 10 spins. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games , and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels triggers a Collect'Em™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize grants a fixed amount based on the bet value and can be won multiple times: The GRAND prize value = total bet x 500; The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 100; The MINOR prize value = total bet x 25; The MINI prize value = total bet x 10. Note: When collected, Diamond symbols award one of 4 prizes. The following prizes can appear with these multiplier values: MINI - x2, x3 and x5; MINOR - x2 and x3; MAJOR - x2 and x3; GRAND does not have a multiplier. BUY FEATURE: BUY FEATURE is an optional way to manually trigger Free Games . The BUY FEATURE button is located to the left of the reels. The feature price depends on the bet amount. The feature price is displayed in the BUY FEATURE menu. Press the BUY FEATURE button to open the menu. Press - or + to choose the feature price and then press the BUY button. The Free Games feature will start with at least 6 spins. If you do not want to buy a feature, press the Χ button. Note: The BUY button may be disabled if buying the feature will exceed the maximum total bet. Extra Bet Mode: In the main game, you can activate the Extra Bet mode and boost your chances of triggering the Free Games feature. Press Extra Bet to toggle the mode on and off. Playing in Extra Bet mode increases your total bet by 1.5x. Enabling Extra Bet does not change the payouts. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the STANDARD BET mode is 93.44%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the EXTRA BET mode is 93.43%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 93.42%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 3/25/2026