Ways Boost Hot Gems Extreme 6-Reel 4096-way Slot The objective of Hot Gems Xtreme™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To Play the Game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with 4096 and up to 262,144 Ways-to-Win . The Total bet per game round is the Coin value × 20 (fixed multiplier value). To open bet settings, press the BET button. Press the lightning bolt button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is the total bet / 20. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY . Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Way win = coin bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. All Ways There are between 4096 and 262,144 Ways-to-Win . 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left most to right trigger a win. 2 or more miner symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left most to right trigger a win. Wild Symbol The diamond with the word 'WILD' on it is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for BONUS , TNT and WALKING MYSTERY symbols, to form the best possible winning combination. Bonus Symbol The symbol with the word 'BONUS' on it is the BONUS symbol in the game. When 3 or more BONUS symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Growing Reels Feature The Growing Reels feature is active both during the main game and the Free Games feature. Basic grid size is 4×6. After every winning round, the grid size grows by 1 row and increases the number of ways to win. The grid size can reach a maximum size of 8×6 per round. Winning symbols disappear after they pay out, causing non-winning symbols above them to drop and new symbols to fall from above. The reels will continue to collapse until no new winning combinations are formed. The reels will return to a 4×6 grid when no new winning combinations are formed. TNT Symbol Whenever the TNT symbol lands, it stays on the reels after all wins are paid, and a collapse results in no new wins. The TNT symbols then change to WILD symbols and explode all adjacent symbols around it, except for BONUS , WALKING MYSTERY , WILD , and big symbols. When the TNT symbol explodes, the reels grow, and new symbols fall, potentially causing additional wins to form. Big Symbols Every symbol in the game, except for WILD , BONUS , TNT , or WALKING MYSTERY symbols, can appear as 2×2, or 3×3 big symbols. When a big symbol lands on the reels, it crushes and removes all symbols under it, except for WILD , BONUS , TNT , WALKING MYSTERY or identical size symbols. Note: 3×3 sized symbols can only crush 2×2 sized symbols that are fully under them. Walking Mystery Symbols Whenever the WALKING MYSTERY symbol lands, it stays on the reels after all wins are paid, and a collapse results in no new wins and there are no TNT symbols on the reels. When a WALKING MYSTERY symbol is activated, it moves and stops on a random position while marking positions it walks over with a MYSTERY symbol. When the WALKING MYSTERY symbol stops moving, all MYSTERY symbols turn into a random symbol from reel 1, except for WILD , TNT , or BONUS symbols. If the WALKING MYSTERY symbol lands on or walks to reel 1, all MYSTERY symbols will turn into any random symbol, except for WILD , TNT , or BONUS symbols. The WALKING MYSTERY symbol cannot mark positions with TNT or BONUS symbols. If the WALKING MYSTERY symbol moves over a big symbol, it will immediately transform the entire big symbol to a MYSTERY symbol. Free Games 3 or more BONUS symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Free Games . To start Free Games , press CONTINUE on the congratulations pop-up screen. 3 BONUS symbols trigger 10 free games. 4 BONUS symbols trigger 12 free games. 5 BONUS symbols trigger 18 free games. 6 or more BONUS symbols trigger 25 free games. The reel size grows by 1 row each time the reels collapse. During Free Games , for every new spin that results in a win or TNT explosion, the safety level, that appears only during Free Games , grows by 1 allowing for more ways. The safety level guarantees that from the next spin the additional row will remain open until Free Games end. If 3 or more BONUS symbols simultaneously land anywhere on the reels during the Free Games feature,3 extra Free Games are awarded. When the Free Games feature ends, press the CONTINUE button on the resulting pop-up screen to return to regular gameplay. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.81%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/30/2020