Sticky Bandits Wild Return About the Game Sticky Bandits: Wild Return is a 4x5 reel, 40 bet lines video slot featuring Massive Symbols, Quick Slot Bonus and the Lucky Shot Free Spins Bonus. Theoretical payout is 96.22%. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of bet lines used in the game is fixed at 40. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflect the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use the Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Quick Slot Bonus The Quick Slot Bonus consist of an old-style slot machine with 3 reels and 4 symbols and is triggered by landing a Quick Slot Symbol on reel 5 in the Base Game. Before entering the Quick Slot Bonus, the Quick Slot Symbol reveals 1 to 3 coins which represent the number of spins awarded on the Quick Slot machine. All winning combinations are displayed on the Quick Slot machine. Symbol Pay 3 500 x bet 3 80 x bet 3 20 x bet 3 8 x bet Any 2 6 x bet Any 1 4 x bet Lucky Shot Free Spins Bonus 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in the same spin trigger the Lucky Shot Free Spins Bonus, and award 7 free spins. After each spin, if any symbol position is occupied by a bandit, 1 random symbol position is marked by a lucky shot. If the symbol at the marked position is a bandit symbol, the symbol will transform into a Sticky Wild symbol. If the symbol at the marked position is part of a Massive Symbol, all positions of the Massive Symbol will transform into Sticky Wild symbols. All other symbols at a marked position will transform into Regular Wild symbols. Wins are evaluated after any symbol transformation. Special Symbols Massive Symbol The top paying bandit can appear as a 3x3 Massive Symbol on reel 2 to 5. The two other bandits can appear as 2x2 Massive Symbols on reel 2 to 5. If a Massive Symbol is hit by a lucky shot in the Free Spins Bonus, the whole symbol turn into Sticky Wild symbols. Quick Slot Symbol The Quick Slot Symbol trigger the Quick Slot Bonus and exists on reel 5 in Base Game only. Sticky Wild Symbol The Sticky Wild symbol is present in the Free Spins Bonus only. When a Sticky Wild symbol is added to the reels it locks in position until end of the Free Spins Bonus. The Sticky Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter symbol. Regular Wild Symbol The Regular Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Sticky Wild symbol and Bonus Scatter symbol. Bonus Scatter Symbol 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in the same spin trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Bonus Scatter symbols are not bound to bet lines and are present on reels 1, 3 and 5 in Base Game only. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020