Joker Rush 5-Reel, 10-Line Slot The objective of Joker Rush™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON'T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the сoin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button becomes disabled. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the reference page and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet divided by 10. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol The Joker symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol appears on all reels. Free Games The Free Games feature is triggered when 3 or more WILD symbols land simultaneously on the reels during the main game. The more WILD symbols that appear on the reels, the more free games you win: 3 WILD symbols trigger 6 free games. 4 WILD symbols trigger 8 free games. 5 WILD symbols trigger 12 free games. Upon triggering the feature, press the ► button to begin. During the Free Games feature, all WILD symbols freeze in place till the feature ends. 3 more free games are awarded if an additional WILD symbol lands on the same place as an existing frozen WILD . During the feature, the number of remaining free games and the FEATURE WIN is displayed. At the end of Free Games , a pop-up message appears showing the results. Press the ► button to continue. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 4/29/2025