Skulls Up About the game Skulls UP! is a 5-reel video slot with 243-1944 ways. The game features are Re-Spins, Free Spins, and growing reels. Theoretical payout is 96.26%. Special symbols Wild Symbols The game has two different types of Wild Symbols. Flaming Skull Wild Flaming Skull Wild symbols trigger Skulls UP! Re-Spins. Any Flaming Skull Wild will increase the height of the reel it lands on by one symbol for the rest of the Re-Spin session. Flaming Skull Wild symbols are located on the 3 middle reels. Flaming Skull Wild substitutes for all symbols except the Chest Scatter. Skull Wild Skull Wilds that land together with a Flaming Skull Wild symbol, or during a Skulls UP! Re-Spin, will increase the height of the reel that it lands on by one symbol for the rest of the Re-Spin session. Skull Wild symbols are located on the 3 middle reels. Skull Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Chest Scatter and Flaming Skull Wild. Chest Scatter Three Chest Scatter symbols awards the Flaming Free Spins feature. Chest Scatter symbols are located on the 3 middle reels. Game Features Skulls UP! Re-Spins Any Flaming Skull Wild will trigger the Skulls UP! Re-Spins feature. As long as there are any Flaming Skull Wilds, the Skulls UP! Re-Spin will continue. Before each re-spin, all new Flaming Skull Wild and Skull Wild symbols are launched to break open a new symbol position above the reel that they landed on. If there are no new positions to open, they stay where they are. When a Flaming Skull Wild is won on during a Skulls UP! Re-Spin, it's fire will go out and it will turn into a regular Skull Wild. The feature will end when there are no remaining Flaming Skull Wilds. Any new wins will be added to the existing win and are shown in the WIN field. Flaming Free Spins 3 Chest Scatter symbols will initiate 6 Flaming Free Spins. The Flaming Free Spins include the Skulls UP! Re-Spin feature. In Flaming Free Spins, the increased reel height caused by Skulls UP! Re-Spins does not decrease once the Skulls UP! Re-Spins has ended. In Flaming Free Spins, Skull Wilds increase the reel height even outside of a Skulls UP! Re-Spin. 2 additional Free Spins are awarded for each reel that expands to 6 symbols high. The Flaming Free Spins feature continues until there are no Free Spins left. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of ways used is controlled by the game and starts at 243 and can increase to 1944 if the middle 3 reels expand to 6 symbols high. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Way wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per way line is paid. The separate way wins will be displayed on the way wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £365,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020