Cops 'N Bandits 5-Reel 30-Line Slots The objective of COPS N’ BANDITS™; is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 30. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games or Line-Up Bonus is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The Shield is a SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on a particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, an additional win is earned and added to payline winnings. The payout for the SCATTER symbols is multiplied by the total bet. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels simultaneously during the main game, the Free Games round with Locked WILD feature is triggered. BONUS SYMBOL The Mugshot of a silhouette is a BONUS symbol in the game. The BONUS symbol appears only on reels 1, 3 and 5. If the BONUS symbols appear anywhere on these reels simultaneously during the main game, the Line-Up Bonus is triggered. There is no payout associated with the BONUS symbol. LINE-UP BONUS 3 BONUS symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously trigger the Line-Up Bonus. To start the Bonus round click the PLAY button. A police line-up of 6 criminals is shown with a cash prize at the top of the screen. To win the cash prize you must select the correct criminal. Click a criminal to accuse them. If you select the wrong criminal, the cash prize available will decrease by the amount shown on the criminal. If you select the correct criminal, you will be awarded the remaining cash prize at the top of the screen. The start-up amount in Current Reward is always equal to the current total bet x60. However, every wrongly picked criminal decreases your bonus reward as follows: Bonus reward in case of a successful next pick 1stsuccessful pick Total bet x60 2ndsuccessful pick Total bet x48 3rdsuccessful pick Total bet x38 4thsuccessful pick Total bet x29 5thsuccessful pick Total bet x24 6thsuccessful pick Total bet x20 The minimum bonus cash prize you can win is the total bet x20. The sooner your guess the correct criminal, the higher your cash prize bonus will be. The Line-Up Bonus is available in the main game only. At the end of the Bonus game, a win screen displays your winnings. The Game win field shows the winnings that were received from the main game that won the Bonus. The Feature win field shows the winnings that were received during the Bonus. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). If no winnings were received during the spin that won the Bonus, only the Total Win field will be shown. Clicking CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clickping anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. If the Bonus is triggered during the Autoplay mode, the feature begins after you click the PLAY button. You try to guess the right criminal. When the Bonus round have been played and you click CONTINUE on the screen summarizing the bonus win, the Autoplay mode will resume unless UNTIL FEATURE was selected. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Free Games with Locked WILD feature. If 3 SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels simultaneously during the main game, you pick 1 of them by clicking it to find out the number of Free Games awarded. If 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels simultaneously during the main game, you pick 2 of them to find out the number of Free Games awarded. In this case the total number of Free Games won equals the sum of Free Games awarded by the 2 SCATTER symbols you have picked. To start the Free Games, click the PLAY button. A screen appears displaying the amount of Free Games won. The Free Games round begins automatically. During the Free Games round the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that triggered the Free Games. After each spin, the win for that spin is displayed in the Win field. Total win per Free Games round is shown in the Free Games Win field. The number of Free Games left is displayed in the Spins Left box above the reels. After all Free Games have been completed, there is a result board which summarizes the winnings. The Game Win field shows the winnings that were received from the spin that triggered the Free Games. The Feature Win field shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games round. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings (the Game Win and the Feature Win added up). Clicking CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. If the Free Games round was triggered during the Autoplay mode, the feature begins after you click the PLAY button. When all Free Games have been played and you click CONTINUE on the screen summarizing the Free Games win, the Autoplay mode will resume unless UNTIL FEATURE was selected. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. LOCKED WILD FEATURE If 1 of 2 thief symbols (red and green) appear on reels 2, 3 or 4 during the Free Games, and the symbol of the cop appears in the immediate right or left to either of them, the Locked WILD feature is triggered and activated starting from the next spin. The symbols of the thieves freeze in their respective places, becoming Locked WILD symbols until the Free Games round ends. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.35%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020