Arcane Gems About the game ARCANE GEMS is a 3X5, 9-lines, 10 base bet video slot featuring Adjacent Pay, Arcane Lock Mechanics, and Arcane Multipliers. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.05%. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Adjacent Pay 3, 4 or 5 symbols connected adjacently anywhere on a winning bet line pay 3, 4 and 5 of-a-kind respectively. Arcane Lock Mechanics Any winning combination in a base spin triggers Arcane Lock Mechanics. In Arcane Lock Mechanics, the highest winning symbols lock in place and any other winning symbols are paid immediately. Respin continues until no more of the highest winning symbols land. The total win is paid out at the final respin. Arcane Multipliers Filling a full column with locked symbols awards a random column multiplier between 2 to 5. The total multiplier is the sum of all awarded column multipliers. The maximum total multipliers can be up to x25 if there is a full-screen of locked symbols. The maximum full-screen prize is 5625 x Bet. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020