1000 Diamond Bet Roulette 1000 Diamond Bet Roulette is a fixed odds betting game. It is based on roulette and has an oval roulette wheel. The roulette wheel has 105 slots: numbers 1 to 100, plus White Diamond, Purple Diamond, Red Diamond, Blue Diamond and Green Diamond. The ball is spun in the wheel and will land in one of the slots. If you bet on the slot the ball lands in, you will win a payout. TO PLAY THE GAME Click the Disable wheel Auto-Zoom button to manually zoom in or out on the betting table. The Disable wheel Auto-Zoom button can be found in the main menu. In LUCKY NUMBERS mode bets are placed automatically on all numbers at the borders and corners of a chosen number. In QUICK BETS mode bets are placed automatically on all the numbers in the same row as a chosen number and on all the numbers in the same column as the chosen number. You can play in both modes simultaneously. You can make QUICK BETS by clicking and holding on a number even when QUICK BETS mode is off. The LUCKY NUMBERS and QUICK BETS modes can be turned on or off in the main menu. Note: when you move the mouse cursor over the bet, the name of the bet positions will be highlighted. THE BETTING TABLE The different chip values that can be used to place bets appear in the chip tray. Click a chip in the chip tray to select it. The chip tray appears beside the betting table. To place a bet, click the desired chip value and then click on the number or numbers you would like to bet on. The chosen number(s) will be highlighted in white until you release your mouse. There are many different types of bets in Roulette, including bets placed on multiple numbers with a single chip. All bets are listed in the paytable section below. If you wish to place an additional bet of a different value, click a chip of a different value. The total amount you have bet will be shown in the TOTAL BET field at the bottom left of the screen. Click the DOUBLE button to double all bets currently placed on the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made from the table. Click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets currently on the table. The minimum and maximum total bets are shown beside the table. If you click on this text a pop-up window will appear that details all the table limits. Each position on the table has a minimum bet and a maximum bet. If you attempt to bet higher than the maximum or lower than the minimum, the bet will not be accepted and a small message will appear to inform you of this. Note: The Diamond bet is always rounded down to the nearest 2 decimal places. For example: a Diamond bet of 0.3333333 € will be rounded down to 0.33 €. The TABLE COVERAGE percentage bar shows the percentage of the total possible bets that your chips on the table cover. The result history shows the previous game results. It is on the right of the wheel. THE ROULETTE WHEEL Once you have placed your bet, click SPIN to start the game. The ball will land in one of the numbered slots. If the ball lands in a numbered slot you bet on, you will win a payout according to your bet. The slot the ball landed in will be shown at the top of the screen. After the ball has landed, the DOUBLE & SPIN and REBET & SPIN buttons will appear. Click DOUBLE & SPIN to double the previous bet(s) and start another game. Click REBET & SPIN to place the same bet(s) as in the previous game and start another game. A marker will be placed on the winning number from the last spin. The REBET & SPIN and DOUBLE & SPIN buttons will also appear on the Betting Table. 1000 Diamond Bet Roulette has many win multipliers: x40, x60, x101, x125, x150, x200, x250, x500 and Jackpot (x1000). When you place a winning bet on Diamond, the randomly selected multiplier on the outer wheel will apply to the proportion of the bet placed on the Diamond bet position. During any spin the inner wheel automatically selects a multiplier at random. A winning Diamond Bet with a multiplier of Jackpot (x1000) will trigger a pop-up message announcing that you’ve won the jackpot. The five Diamond tickers show your maximum possible win if you bet on a Diamond and win the multiplier Jackpot. AUTOPLAY The AUTOPLAY mode can be used to play several games in a row with the same bet automatically. Place a bet, then hold the SPIN button to open the Autoplay panel. The Autoplay panel has a slider that can be moved to select the number of games to be played automatically. Slide the slider to the desired number of automatic games, then click the START AUTOPLAY button to begin those games. During the Autoplay games, the number of remaining games will be shown on the STOP AUTOPLAY button at the bottom right of the screen. Press the STOP AUTOPLAY button at any time to end the Autoplay games. The Autoplay panel can also be opened by holding the HOLD FOR AUTOPLAY/SPIN button. If the UNTIL FEATURE option is selected, the STOP AUTOPLAY button will not display the number of remaining spins. Select UNTIL FEATURE to spin the wheel until the Jackpot is triggered. BUTTONS DOUBLE - Doubles all current bets (if the set limit is not exceeded). CLEAR BETS - Removes all bets from the table. SPIN - Starts new round with any current bets. HOLD FOR AUTOPLAY/SPIN - Starts new round with any current bets. Holding this button opens the Autoplay Panel. REBET - Places the same bets as in the previous round. DOUBLE & SPIN - Doubles all current bets (if the set limit is not exceeded) and starts new round. When no new bets have been placed, clicking this button repeats and doubles the previous bets and starts a new round. REBET & SPIN - Places the same bets as in the previous round and starts new round. START AUTOPLAY - Starts the selected number of Autoplay games. STOP AUTOPLAY - Cancels the active Autoplay session. UNDO - When clicked, the last bet is removed from the table. BET TYPES AND PAYTABLE Bet Type Covers Description How to Place Payout Diamond Bet 1 slot A bet on Diamond. Click on Diamond. A multiplier for the win will be selected on the inner wheel at random. 39-999:1 Straight Up 1 number A bet on a single number being the winning number. Click on a number. 100:1 Split 2 numbers A bet on two numbers next to each other on the table. Click between two numbers. 49:1 Diamond Split 4 positions A bet covering 2 positions next to each other (white and purple diamond; purple and red diamond; red and blue diamond; blue and green diamond). Click between 2 diamonds. 19-499:1 Diamond Trio 3 positions A bet covering three positions next to each other on the table: purple diamond,3,4; white diamond,1,2; red diamond,5,6; blue diamond, 7, 8; green diamond, 9, 10. Click on the lower left corner of 1, 3, 5, 7 or 9. 12.33-332.33:1 Corner 4 numbers A bet covering four numbers next to each other on the table. Click at the corner of four numbers. 24:1 Diamond Corner 4 numbers A bet covering four numbers next to each other on the table. Click at the corner of four numbers (e.g. white diamond, purple diamond, 2 and 3). 9-249:1 Diamond Street 5 positions White diamond, purple diamond, red diamond, blue diamond and green diamond. Click on the bottom edge of the green diamond. 7-199:1 Street 10 numbers A bet covering an entire column of ten numbers. Click on the bottom edge of the lowest number in a column (e.g. 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90 or 100). 9:1 Column 10 numbers A bet on every number in a specific row (e.g. 1, 11, 21, 31, 41, 51, 61, 71, 81, 91). Click on an area marked “9 to 1”. 9:1 Diamond Line 15 numbers 5 diamonds and 10 numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10). Click at the bottom corner of two numbers at the bottom of a vertical row (green diamond and 10). 1.66-65.66:1 Line 20 numbers A bet covering two Streets – twenty different numbers in two rows of ten numbers (e.g. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20). Click between two street bets (at the bottom corner of two numbers at the bottom of a vertical row). 4:1 Red 50 numbers A bet on the winning number being red. Click on the area marked with a red diamond shape. 1:1 Black 50 numbers A bet on the winning number being black. Click on the area marked with a black diamond shape. 1:1 Odd 50 numbers A bet on the winning number being odd. Click on the area marked with “ODD”. 1:1 Even 50 numbers A bet on the winning number being even. Click on the area marked with “EVEN”. 1:1 Notes: A win will return any chips bet on the winning number and award a payout based on the type of bet. The actual payout depends on the number of chips involved in the bet. For example, if the bet is placed on five consecutive numbers and one of them is hit, the payout is 100 + 1 − 5 = 96 chips. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 89 . 20 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96 . 19 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 9/25/2019