Panther's Reign About the game Panther’s Reign is a 4x5 reel 50 bet line video slot. The game features the Wild Spray random wild feature and Free Spins with locking symbol Respin feature. Theoretical payout is 96.25%. Special symbols Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbols. Bonus Scatter 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. Game Features Wild Spray Feature Wild symbols will be added to the reels during the Wild Spray random wilds feature. In the base game, up to 10 Wild symbols will be added to the reels. During the Free Spins, up to 7 Wild symbols will be added to the reels at the beginning of the new spin. Free Spins 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols on a single spin will award 5 Free Spins, every additional Scatter symbol will award +1 spins for a maximum of 22 spins. The Wild Spray feature can trigger at the beginning of any spin which will add up to 7 random Wilds to the reels. There are no Bonus Scatter symbols on the reels during Free Spins. Respin Feature In the Free Spins, any winning combination triggers the respin feature. Any symbols that are included in a winning line that land during the respin will lock in place and the rest will respin again. The feature ends when no more winning symbols occur. The total win is paid out when there are no more respins. How to Play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of bet lines used in the game is fixed at 50. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the 'i' button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the '>>' button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: Sound This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Setttings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The '?' Symbol opens GAME RULES. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020