Batman and The Penguin Prize The objective of Batman™ & The Penguin™ Prize is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. Spins on the 3 main reels are played with 64 Ways to Win. The Penguin Respin 1 takes place on a separate set of 3 reels that offer 64 Ways to Win. The Penguin Respin 2 is played on another set of 3 reels on which there are 4096 Ways to Win. The Penguin Respin 3 is played on a set of 2 reels on which there are 4096 Ways to Win. The number Ways to Win is fixed for the main game and all respins. Your total bet per game round is the coin value × 25 (according to the Paytable), regardless of which set of reels are in play. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until The Penguin Respins or the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO page. Wins are multiplied by your coin value. The Total bet is coin value multiplied by 25. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL-WAYS FEATURE The All-Ways feature is active at all times, allowing for 64 Ways to Win on spins on the main reels and The Penguin Respin 1, and 4096 Ways to Win on The Penguin Respin 2 and 3. 3 or more matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels will form a win. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, with matching symbols in any positions on each consecutive reel. WILD SYMBOL The Bat WILD symbol is the WILD symbol in the main game. The Bat WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol. There are no separate payouts for the Bat WILD symbols. MAIN REEL SPINS Main reel spins are played on 3 reels with a fixed number of 64 ways to win. Batman and Robin symbols can appear as 1, 2 or 3-high stacked symbols. THE PENGUIN RESPINS The Penguin Respin 1 – 64 ways to win: Any win on the main reels triggers The Penguin Respin 1 on a second set of 3 reels with The Penguin symbol also appearing as a 1, 2 or 3-high stacked symbol. The Penguin Respin 2 – 4096 ways to win: Any win with The Penguin symbol during The Penguin Respin 1 triggers The Penguin Respin 2 with 4096 ways to win on 3 reels that are each 2 symbol positions wide. Standard symbols appear in 2x1 blocks. Batman, Robin and The Penguin symbols appear as 2x2 super symbols. The Penguin Respin 3 – 4096 ways to win: Any win with The Penguin symbol during The Penguin Respin 2 triggers The Penguin Respin 3 with 4096 ways to win on 2 reels that are each 3 symbols wide. Standard symbols appear in 3x1 blocks. Batman, Robin and The Penguin symbols appear as 3x3 mega symbols. After The Penguin Respin 3 or any losing respin the next spin will be on the main reels. Click CLICK TO START button to begin the feature. During The Penguin Respins the reels are spun automatically using the same total bet as placed on the spin that triggered the feature. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level mystery progressive jackpot that is linked to the DC Super Heroes series of games. A small percentage of each bet placed in any of the DC Super Heroes games is added to the progressive jackpot. The percentage of all bets placed is split between four jackpot levels, which are displayed in the upper part of the game screen, above the reels. Any level of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot can be won through the jackpot game, which can be triggered randomly after any main game spin in any of the DC Super Heroes series of games. It is not triggered by any symbol combination, and even a main game spin that does not result in a win can trigger the jackpot game. Triggering the jackpot game is possible at any bet size, but the chances increase or decrease proportionally with the size of the bet. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots: Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Grand Jackpot. The four different jackpot levels represent different prize amounts, with the Mini Jackpot awarding the smallest prize and the Grand Jackpot awarding the largest. The jackpot game screen features a selection grid with 20 hexagonal cells. Picking a cell reveals one of the four energy colours, each one corresponding to one of the four progressive jackpots: Green for Mini Jackpot, Blue for Minor Jackpot, Yellow for Major Jackpot and Red for Grand Jackpot. When a colour is revealed, it fills one of the energy balls under the relevant jackpot field. Each one of the jackpots requires a different number of energy balls filled in order to be won: 2 balls for Mini Jackpot, 3 balls for Minor Jackpot, 4 balls for Major Jackpot and 5 balls for Grand Jackpot. The player picks cells from the grid until the required number of balls in the same colour have been selected to win one of the jackpots. Once all matching balls have been collected, the corresponding jackpot level will be awarded. Clicking Continue ends the jackpot game and returns the player to the main game. The jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings from the triggering spin (if any) and are displayed in the Win field, together with any other winnings. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If a matching set of balls is not collected by the player before the set amount of time elapses, cells will be selected automatically and the corresponding jackpot will be awarded. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in Euros in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking Reels exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info – Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Ways – screen illustrates how many ways are active at all time. Total bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 96 . 06 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020