Retro Rush 5-reel 30-line slot . The objective of Retro Rush™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on Do not show again to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Pressing STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTOPLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. The Free Games feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the HIGH WIN SYMBOLS and LOW WIN SYMBOLS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press RETURN . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines during the main game. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 30. The base cost for the game is 15 cents. The game expands to 60 lines during the Free Games feature. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Sticky Wins Winning combinations lock on the reels and the non-winning positions respin. If the new symbols that land extend a previous a win, or form a new win, all symbols that participated in a win will lock on the reels. Respins continue until no wins are extended or created. The winnings are calculated once the respins are over. Wild Symbol: There are 2 WILD symbols in the game: base game WILD symbols and Free Game WILD symbols. The base game WILD symbol is a triangle with a 2x, 3x or 5x multiplier. The Free Games WILD symbol is a stacked symbol that depicts a lady’s silhouette. The WILD symbol can land on the 1st, 2nd and 4th respin of the Sticky Wins feature. WILD symbols landing on the 1st respin multiply wins they form part of by 2x. WILD symbols landing on the 2nd respin multiply wins they form part of by 3x. WILD symbols landing on the 4th respin multiply wins they form part of by 5x. If more than 1 multiplier WILD symbol forms part of a win, the highest multiplier is applied. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the scatter symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol: The Take-out Box is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. 3 SCATTER symbols simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4 awards 5 Free Games . Free Games: The Free Games feature is played with 60 paylines. At the start of Free Games , the reels expand to 6 rows. When a win is formed, the Sticky Wins feature is triggered. During Free Games , if a WILD symbol lands on the 1st or 2nd respin of the Sticky Wins feature, it will multiply wins it forms part of by 2x or 3x respectively. If a WILD symbol lands on the reels during Free Games , it will expand to fill the reel it landed on and become a stacked WILD . During Free Games any symbol, except WILD or SCATTER , can appear stacked on several reels. Free Games cannot be retriggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.10%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 6/19/2020