Feng Shui Flip 5-reel 30-line game To play the game: On the entry screen, press PLAY to start the game. Press - or + on TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Press the TURBO MODE button to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. If you want to stop the reels early, press the SPIN button again. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. All wins shown in the paytable are relative to the current bet. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the paytable and return to the game, press EXIT. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Wins can only form on active paylines. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. Wild symbol: Wild symbol only appears on the main game reels. The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Coin Flip feature: Above the main game reels are a set of coin reels which shift randomly, and independently of the main game reels. When the main game reels are spinning, coin symbols can drop into the active area of the coin reels. Feng Shui Flip symbol in view on reel 5 of the main game reels will trigger a Coin Flip. During a Coin Flip any Cash coin, Scatters or Jackpot coins in view in the active area of the coin reels will flip to reveal a prize. Cash coins award the cash value displayed. 3 or more Scatter coins in view will award Free Games. These can combine with Scatters revealed on the main game reels. Jackpot coins award a Jackpot prize from either Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. Possible coin prizes are (x bet) 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, and 15. Free Games: 3 or more Scatters in view from the main game reels, flipped coins on the active area of the coin reels, or a combination of the two will award Free Games. x3 awards 8 Free Games x4 awards 12 Free Games x5 awards 16 Free Games x6 awards 20 Free Games x7 awards 24 Free Games x8 awards 30 Free Games During Free Games Feng Shui Flip symbols appear on all 5 main game reels. Multiple Feng Shui Flip symbols can appear in one spin awarding each Cash or Jackpot symbol prize multiple times. Free games can be retriggered during free games. Free Games ends when there are no Free Games remaining or the maximum win is achieved. Cash Stash Feature: During Free Games the Cash Stash feature may be triggered. If a Cash Stash coin appears in the active area of the coin reels along with a Feng Shui Flip symbol on the main game reels, then any Cash coins flipped in that same game are added to the Cash Stash. Any subsequent Coin Flip features that occur during Free Games will then also award the Cash Stash feature along with regular cash prizes. The Cash Stash does not reset after awarding. Landing the Cash Stash coin and Feng Shui Flip symbol again will add to the Cash Stash after any Cash coins have been awarded. Cash Stash awards for every Feng Shui Flip symbol that lands in view. Scatters and Jackpot coins are not added to the Cash Stash feature. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.48%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/13/2026