Phoenix Sun About the game Phoenix Sun starts with a 3x5 reel grid and 243 bet ways. It can have up to a 6x5 reel grid, and 7776 bet ways. Theoretical payout is 96,08% How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: 1. Choose your total bet 2. Press the SPIN SYMBOL button 3. Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description of game functionality Bet The Total Bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and decide on the total bet of your choice.. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet way wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet way is paid. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to have the game play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed to the right of the STOP button. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Autoplay Advanced Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The FAST PLAY functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible. FAST PLAY is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the low left of the game you can choose: Use SPACE to spin Use SPACE to spin allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings In the settings panel you can choose: SOUND ON or OFF SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Special symbols Phoenix Wild symbol Phoenix wild in a winning combination trigger the Phoenix Rising feature. Phoenix Wild substitutes for all symbols.The Phoenix Wild symbol does not appear in Free Spins. Wild Symbol The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Phoenix Wild symbol. Game Features Phoenix Rising Respin Feature Any Phoenix Wild symbol on a winning bet line trigger the PHOENIX RISING RESPINS. Every Phoenix Wild symbol will remove 3 random tiles from the cover above the 3x5 reel grid, and trigger a respin with the expanded reel layout. The game will respin until no more Phoenix Wilds appear in a winning combination or Free spins is won. FREE SPINS 8 Free Spins is awarded when 5 Phoenix Wild symbols have been collected in a game round. Free Spins is played with the full reel grid of 5x6 with 7776 bet ways. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020