White King 5-reel 40-line slots The objective of White King™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Line bets are chosen by clicking + and – below Line Bet to increase or decrease the amount. Paylines can be activated and their shape displayed by progressively clicking + and – below Lines . The number of active paylines can be changed by sliding the numbered button on either side of the reels.Selecting a high payline includes all the lower ones too. For example, selecting payline 6 also activates paylines 1 through 5. Clicking Bet Max activates all paylines with the currently selected bet per line and spins the reels. Total bet per game round = line bet X active paylines. Clicking Spin spins the reels with the current selection of lines and line bets. Reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the Auto Play button to display the list of options.Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose Until Feature to spin until the Majestic Night Free Games round is triggered. Clicking on an option starts the Auto Play function. The Auto Play button changes into Stop during the Auto Play mode. The Auto Play mode ends when the reels have been spun the number of times determined by the player, or when the Majestic Night Free Games round is triggered if you chose Until Feature , or when you click Stop . Clicking the Turbo Mode button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Line win = line bet X corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. Scatter win = total bet X corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The paytable can be accessed via the Info page. On a given payline, only the highest payline winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulating winnings. The Win ticker can be stopped by clicking anywhere on the screen to display the total win amount immediately. Payline wins and the total win are also displayed on the strip located at the bottom of the reels or the game window. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. When opened after a winning spin, the winning symbol combinations (number of symbols and bet multiplier) are highlighted and blink. The Majestic Night Free Games screen explains how the Free Games round is triggered and played. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found below. About payouts: Payouts are listed on the Paytable screen. To find the possible win amount, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. If two payline winning combinations occur on the same line, the higher of them is paid out. If more than one active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are accumulated. Winning combinations must start from the left most reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found below. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. Stacked Wilds The Wild symbol appears on all reels and is always stacked (appearing one on top of the other). The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The Wild symbol appears during main game and, even more frequently, during the Majestic Night Free Games. More information about the Free Games round can be found below. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more Wild symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from Wild is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by Wild standing in). Scatter Symbol The Scatter symbols appear on reels #2, #3 and #4 only, both during main game and the Majestic Night Free Games. If 3x Scatter symbols appear in any position on these reels during main game, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any possible payline winnings, as shown in the Paytable. In addition, 5 Majestic Night Free Games are triggered as explained below. Majestic Night Free Games 3x Scatter symbols appearing simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4 during main game trigger 5 Majestic Night Free Games with Stacked Wilds appearing on the reels more frequently than during main game. 3x Scatter symbols appearing during the Free Games round award 5 more Free Games, which are added to the remaining ones, if any. The Majestic Night Free Games can be re-triggered infinitely. Click on Click to Start so that the Majestic Night Free Games begin. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically. After each spin, the win is displayed in the Win field. The Free Games Win field shows the accumulated winnings from the current Free Games. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game Win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that won the Free Games. Feature Win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Total Win shows the accumulated winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). Free Games Win is added to the payline and Scatter wins. Clicking Continue will return you to the main game. When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. If the Free Games have been triggered during the Auto Play mode, the Free Games round begins after the player clicks on Click to Start . When all Free Games have been played and the player clicks Continue on the screen summarizing the Free Games win, the Auto Play mode resumes.When returning to the main game, clicking anywhere on the screen stops the win ticker and displays the full prize. Return to Player The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 90.05%. Buttons Info Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and – buttons Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and – buttons Increase or decrease the bet per line. Bet Max Activate all paylines with the current line bet, and spin the reels. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin Spin the reels. Turbo Mode Turn on/off the Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to turbo mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Cashier Clicking this button opens the Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . Golden Chip Bonus This icon is displayed only in games in which you have the Golden Chip bonus available. Clicking this icon opens the Golden Chip menu . The top toolbar contains the following: Games Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Game Master Game Master is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. To open the Game Master window, click on the Game Master . If the Game Master promotion banner is displayed, click on the banner to open the Game Master window. If a category contains more games than can be displayed at once, arrow buttons will appear when you hover over the category. Click on the arrow buttons to navigate through the games. When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Click the ‘X’ icon to exit the Game Master window. Favorites Mouse over this icon to open the Favorites menu. The menu contains the following: Download - Opens the URL where you can access the downloadable version of the Casino client. Gadget - Opens the URL where you can download the Casino widget for your Windows Vista or Windows 7. Mobile App - Opens the URL where you can download the game to your mobile phone. This option is available only if the mobile version of the game exists. Sound On/Off Volume Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Support - Support lets you contact a customer support specialist, if one is online. Maximize Clicking this button changes the game to full screen. Exit Clicking this button closes the game window and takes you back to the Menu. If multigame view is enabled for this game the top toolbar also contains the following buttons: 2-game view Clicking this button opens the 2-game view. 4-game view Clicking this button opens the 4-game view. 1-game view Clicking this button closes the multigame view and takes you back to the regular view. Please note that it is not possible to open more than one copy of the same game in multigame view. Shortcut keys are disabled in multigame view. Gadget bar The Gadget opening bar is displayed on the right side of the game window when at least one gadget is enabled. Clicking on the opening bar opens the Gadget bar menu. The Gadget bar can contain mini games and various special offers. Only one gadget can be opened at a time. Clicking on another Gadget closes the previous one. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the main game, the spin will be automatically completed. If you re-open the game, it will start from the very beginning. Your previous wins will be paid and you can click the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during the Majestic Night Free Games, you will be automatically directed back to the game after you log back into the Casino, so you can continue the game from the next spin. Your previous wins will be paid and you can click the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. If you are disconnected from the Internet during a spin using the Auto Play function, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. You can click the History button to see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/29/2021