Amazon Wild 5-Reel 100-Line Slots The objective of Amazon Wild™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 100 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 100. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol substitutes all other symbols except for the BONUS SCATTER symbol to enhance your chances of getting a winning line. If 2 WILD symbols are revealed on the same reel – one at the top and one at the bottom – then they will expand to change the two symbols in-between them to WILD symbols as well, and so increasing your chance of getting several wins. This can occur on reels 1 and 3. A row of WILD symbols on an active win line does not have any associated payout – the WILD pays only when used as a substitute for another symbol. BONUS SCATTER SYMBOL If 3 or more BONUS SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Amazon Treasure Bonus round is triggered. More information on the Amazon Treasure Bonus can be found below. Note: There is no separate payout associated with a row of BONUS SCATTER symbols on a payline. AMAZON TREASURE BONUS The AMAZON TREASURE bonus game is a special bonus win, triggered by getting 3, 4 or 5 BONUS SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels (this is a scatter win, so the BONUS SCATTER symbols do not have to be on the same winline). There is no line win attached to the BONUS SCATTER as a scatter win – only entry to the bonus game, which itself guarantees a win. When the game enters the bonus round, you will see eight ruins of Aztec Gold temples on a map of the Amazon basin. Depending on how many BONUS SCATTER symbols were displayed on the reels to get to the bonus game, you may select 3, 4 or 5 ruins on the map, and you will collect the value of the treasures contained in each one you choose. To select a temple, simply tap on it on the map. You may only select each temple once. Each temple awards a cash prize. Each prize is a product of your total bet and a random multiplier. The possible multiplier values vary, depending on the number of BONUS SCATTER symbols that have triggered the bonus. The more symbols that have triggered the bonus round, the higher the multiplier values and, respectively, prizes are. The total multiplier values (after the picks have been used up) are the following: Number of BONUS SCATTER symbols that have triggered the bonus round Total multiplier value from the whole bonus round 3 from 4 to 22 4 from 25 to 60 5 from 500 to 2000 After you select each temple, the value of your winnings is displayed, and you will be prompted to select another until you have received all 3, 4, or 5 prizes. Tapping CONTINUE on the board will return you to the main game. Note: If the Amazon Treasure Bonus is triggered during the Autoplay mode, the mode does not resume after the bonus has finished. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.5%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020