Quantum Roulette Instant Play Quantum™ Roulette Instant Play is a fixed-odds betting game based on roulette with a 3D roulette wheel. Quantum™ Roulette Instant Play introduces a win multiplier feature on straight bets only. Before the ball lands, Quantum™ Roulette Instant Play will randomly choose up to 5 numbers and apply a random multiplier of up to ×500 to them. TO PLAY THE GAME When you open Quantum™ Roulette Instant Play, first you need to choose your Table Limits, and click Join to start the game. Click CONINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Don't show again to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The Betting Table, where bets can be placed. The Neighbors Table, where Neighbors bets can be placed. 3D Wheel where the Roulette wheel is visible. THE BETTING TABLE The different chip values that can be used to place bets appear in the chip tray. Click a chip in the chip tray to select it. To place a bet, click the desired chip value then click on the number or numbers you would like to bet on. The chosen number(s) will be highlighted in white until you release your mouse. There are many different types of bets in Roulette, including bets placed on multiple numbers with a single chip. All bets are listed in the paytable section below. You may place as many different bets of as many different values you like on each game, provided the potential winnings from the bet do not exceed the maximum payout from a single game. If you wish to place an additional bet of a different value, click a chip of a different value, then click the desired number. The total amount you have bet will be shown in the TOTAL BET field at the bottom right of the screen. Click DOUBLE to double all bets currently placed on the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made from the table. Click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets currently on the table. The minimum and maximum total bets are shown beside the table. If you click on this text a pop-up window will appear that details all the table limits. Each position on the table has a minimum bet and a maximum bet. If you attempt to bet higher than the maximum or lower than the minimum, the bet will not be accepted and a small message will appear to inform you of this. The percentage bar shows the chance of your current bet resulting in a win. The result history shows the previous game results. It is on the right of the wheel. Once you have placed your bet, click SPIN and up to 5 numbers (straight numbers 0-36) will be chosen at random and a random multiplier from ×50 up to ×500 will be applied on these betting positions. Each spin at least 1, and up to 5, positions will get the random multiplier. I f you bet on a number the ball lands on (a straight bet) and that space gets a multiplier, you will win the straight bet amount multiplied by the multiplier value on that position. Quantum Extra - randomly chooses a number and applies a random multiplier to it. Quantum Boost - increases all multipliers by ×50. Quantum Leap - multiplies all multiplier values applied to a number by ×2, ×3, or ×5 and can increase them to ×500. THE ROULETTE WHEEL The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun in the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the numbered slots. If the ball lands in a numbered slot you bet on, you will win a payout according to your bet. The slot the ball landed in will be shown in the dedicated result window. After the ball has landed, the DOUBLE & SPIN , REBET & SPIN buttons will appear. Click DOUBLE & SPIN to double the previous bet(s) and start another game. Click REBET & SPIN to place the same bet(s) as in the previous game and start another game. THE NEIGHBORS TABLE There are 5 numbered NEIGHBORS buttons. Click a NEIGHBORS button then click on a number on the racetrack to bet on that number and the numbers neighboring it to the left and the right. For example, clicking the NEIGHBORS button labelled 1 then clicking on the number 2 on the racetrack will be on the number 2 and the numbers to the immediate right and left of 2 (21 to the right and 25 to the left). Clicking on the NEIGHBORS button labelled 4 then clicking on the number 2 on the racetrack will be on the number 2 and the 4 numbers to the immediate right and left of 2 (21, 4, 19 and 15 to the right, and 25, 17, 34 and 6 to the left.). Clicking on Tier , Orphelins or Voisins Du Zero will place special bets, as detailed in the paytable below. Once you have placed your bet, click SPIN to start the game. AUTOPLAY The AUTOPLAY mode can be used to play several games in a row with the same bet automatically. Place a bet, then hold the SPIN button to open the Autoplay panel. The Autoplay panel has a slider which can be moved to select the number of games to be played automatically. Slide the slider to the desired number of automatic games, then click the START AUTOPLAY button to begin those games. During the Autoplay games, the number of remaining games will be shown on the STOP AUTOPLAY button at the bottom right of the screen. Press the STOP AUTOPLAY button at any time to end the Autoplay games. BUTTONS DOUBLE - Doubles all current bets (if the set limit is not exceeded). CLEAR BETS - Removes all bets from the table. SPIN - Spins the roulette wheel with any current bets. Holding this button opens the Autoplay Panel. REBET - Places the same bets as in the previous round. DOUBLE & SPIN - Doubles all current bets (if the set limit is not exceeded) and spins the wheel. When no new bets have been placed, clicking this button repeats and doubles the previous bets and spins the reel. REBET & SPIN - Places the same bets as in the previous round and spins the roulette wheel. START AUTOPLAY - Starts the selected number of Autoplay games. STOP AUTOPLAY - Cancels the active Autoplay session. UNDO - When clicked, the last bet is removed from the table. SKIP - will skip the number and multiplier presentations. In case a feature is triggered, pressing SKIP again will skip the feature. BET TYPES AND PAYTABLE Please note that the “How to Place” descriptions below apply to the game. Bet Type Covers Description How to Place Payout Straight Up 1 number A bet on a single number being the winning number. Click on a number. 29:1 – 499:1 Split 2 numbers A bet on two numbers next to each other on the table. Click between two numbers. 17:1 Street 3 numbers A bet on a row of three numbers (e.g. 1, 2, and 3). Click on the bottom edge of the lowest number in a vertical row. 11:1 Corner/Four 4 numbers A bet covering four numbers next to each other on the table. Click at the corner of four numbers. 8:1 Line 6 numbers A bet covering two Streets - six different numbers in two rows of three numbers (e.g. 1, 2, and 3 + 4, 5 and 6). Click between two street bets (at the bottom corner of two numbers at the bottom of a vertical row). 5:1 Column 12 numbers A bet covering an entire horizontal column of twelve numbers. Click on one of the areas marked “2 TO 1”. 2:1 1st 12 12 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 1 and 12. Click on the area marked “1st 12”. 2:1 2nd 12 12 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 13 and 24. Click on the area marked “2nd 12”. 2:1 3rd 12 12 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 25 and 36. Click on the area marked “3rd 12”. 2:1 1-18 (Low) 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 1 and 18. Click on the area marked “1-18”. 1:1 19-36 (High) 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 19 and 36. Click on the area marked “19-36”. 1:1 Red 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being red. Click on the area marked with a red diamond. 1:1 Black 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being black. Click on the area marked with a black diamond. 1:1 Even 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being even. Click on the area marked with “EVEN”. 1:1 Odd 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being odd. Click on the area marked with “ODD”. 1:1 Neighbor Bets: Neighbors bets cover 3 to 11 adjacent numbers (a bet on a number and its neighbors). Neighbors bets can be placed in the track view, accessed by clicking the NEIGHBORS tab above the betting table. To place a Neighbors bet click one of the numbered Neighbors buttons to select the number of adjacent numbers you wish to bet on, then click on a number on the table. A bet will be placed on the number clicked as well as the numbers adjacent to it. For example, if the Neighbors button 1 is selected and a bet is placed on the number 1, a bet will also be placed on the numbers 33 and 20. If the Neighbors button 5 is selected and a bet is placed on the number 1, a bet will also be placed on the numbers 10, 5, 24, 16, 33, 20, 14, 31, 9 and 22. If any of the numbers in a Neighbors bet win, a payout of 35:1 is awarded. Voisins du Zero means “Neighbors of Zero”. These are the numbers positioned between 22 and 25 on the wheel. Click Voisins Du Zero on the track view to place the bet. 9 chips of the selected value are staked in total: Tiers bets cover one-third of the table, the numbers which are positioned on the third of the wheel opposite 0, i.e. between 27 and 33. Click Tier on the track view to place the bet. 6 chips of the selected value are staked in total: Orphelins bets covers 8 numbers. Orphelins means “Orphans” these numbers make up the two areas of the wheel that are not included in either Tiers or Voisins du Zero bets. Click Orphelins on the track view to place the bet. 5 chips of the selected value are staked in total: Winning Number Payout 6, 9, 14, 20, 31, 34 17 chips (17:1) + 1 chip 1 29 chips (29:1 – 499:1) + 1 chip 17 34 chips (17:1) + 2 chips Notes: A win will return any chips bet on the winning number and award a payout based on the type of bet. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.30%. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.1 Max Bet : €100