Space Digger 5-reel 20-line slot To play the game: On the entry screen, press CONTINUE to start the game. Choose your bet by pressing + and – next to TOTAL BET . Press TURBO MODE to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Press SPIN to spin the reels with the current bet. If you want to stop the reels early, press STOP . In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Payline wins are multiplied by 1/10 of your total bet. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins are displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, swipe the screen. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels during a win as illustrated in the paytable. Wins can only form on active paylines. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on every consecutive reel. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payline wins are multiplied by 1/10 of your total bet. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the BONUS symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. When a stacked Wild symbol appears fully on any reel, any subsequent spin with a win from the stacked Wild symbol will make the stacked Wild symbol move 1 reel to the right. Any spin with no win from a stacked Wild symbol will not make the stacked Wild symbol move. Stacked Wild symbols are specific to a particular bet amount. When you change the bet amount, any stacked Wild symbols on the reels are saved until you return to that bet amount. Free games: When 3 BONUS symbols land simultaneously on reels 2, 3 and 4, free games are triggered. 8 free games are awarded. Press CLICK TO START to enter free games. Press PLAY to start free games. During free games the reels are spun automatically. The free games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Any stacked Wild symbols from the main game appear in free games. A stacked Wild symbol appears on reel 1 at the start of free games, which may overlap a stacked Wild symbol currently on reel 1. Any spin with a win from the stacked Wild symbol will make the stacked Wild symbol move 1 reel to the right. Any spin with no win from a stacked Wild symbol will not make the stacked Wild symbol move. Any new Wild symbol that appears in free games will nudge to fill the reel. The number of free games left remaining is shown at the top of the reels. Free games cannot be retriggered. After the last free game has finished a message will appear informing you of your total winnings. Press CONTINUE to return to the main game. Any remaining stacked Wild symbols return to the main game. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.35%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the Casino, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020