Leprechaun's Luck Collect' Em Megaways Leprechaun’s Luck: Collect'Em: MegaWays™ 6-reel slot with up to 86,436 ways to win and collapsing reels To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press TURBO to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Enabling Extra Bet increases your total bet but does not change the payouts. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. If more than one winning combination appears on a win line, only the highest winning combination is paid. MEGAWAYS™: The game is played with a variable number of ways to win. Reels 1 to 6 show up to 6 symbols. The top row always shows 4 symbols positioned above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The top row spins from right to left. Depending on the number of symbols appearing, each spin can be played with up to 86,436 ways to win. 3 or more matching symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. The Collect'Em™ , Cash Coin , Prize Coin and Free Games Coin symbols are the exception to the rule above. Any winning combinations of matching symbols on adjacent reels from left to right must start from the leftmost reel, and will pay regardless of the symbol position on the reel. Collapsing Reels: Any win triggers the collapsing reels feature. Winning symbols disappear after they pay out, causing non-winning symbols above them to drop and new symbols to fall from above. The reels will continue to collapse until no new winning combinations are formed. Note: Collect'Em™ symbols are not removed by collapsing reels. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect'Em™ , Cash Coin , Prize Coin and Free Games Coin symbols. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can only land on the top row during the main game and on reels 1 to 6 during the Free Games feature. When the Extra Bet Guaranteed Collect'Em™ mode is enabled, guaranteed Collect'Em™ symbol will freeze on the top row both during the main game and the Free Games feature. Landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels will collect all Cash Coin , Prize Coin and Free Games Coin symbols that landed on that spin. Collect'Em™ Feature: The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on the top row during the main game - or any position during Free Games - and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Coin symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are corresponded to the players total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games Coin symbol. For example, +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Prize Coin symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly when collected. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Note : Cash Coin symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x5, x7, x10, x12, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Pot of Gold Feature: At the beginning of any spin a Pot of Gold may appear and reveal WILD , Cash Coin , Prize Coin , Free Games Coin or Collect'Em™ symbols. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on the top row and 1 or more Free Games coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games , the Collect'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels, except the top reel. Frozen Collect'Em™ symbol will appear on the top reel during Free Games only when the Extra Bet Guaranteed Collect'Em™ mode is enabled. Any Collect'Em™ symbol will remain on the same row it landed on and will move 1 reel to the left each spin, until it exits the reels. Note : Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins remaining on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note : New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. During Free Games , each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Coin , Prize Coin and/or Free Games symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on the top row during the main game or any reel during Free Games and a Prize Coin symbol anywhere on the reels awards a Collect'Em™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. When EXTRA BET is off: GRAND prize value = total bet x 500 MAJOR prize value = total bet x 200 MINOR prize value = total bet x 50 MINI prize value = total bet x 20 When EXTRA BET is on (for the Triple chance to trigger Free Games and Guaranteed Collect'Em™ options respectively): GRAND prize value = total bet x250 or x33.33 MAJOR prize value = total bet x100 or x13.33 MINOR prize value = total bet x25 or x3.33 MINI prize value = total bet x10 or x1.33 The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ is locked on the reels during Free Games . Multiple Prize Coin symbols can land on the same spin. Extra Bet Mode: In the main game, you can activate the Extra Bet mode to select one of two options: For 2x the value of your Total Bet, choose Triple chance to trigger Free Games option and increase the chance of triggering Free Games . For 15x the value of your Total Bet, choose Guaranteed Collect'Em™ option to get a guaranteed Collect'Em™ symbol on the top reel. If the Free Games feature is activated while the Guaranteed Collect'Em™ option enabled, the Collect'Em™ symbol on the top reel will stay throughout the Free Games . Press Extra Bet to toggle the mode on and off. Playing in Extra Bet mode increases your total bet. Enabling Extra Bet does not change the payouts. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the STANDARD BET mode is 94.93%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.86% when the Triple chance to trigger Free Games is active. The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.86% when the Guaranteed Collect'Em™ is active. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 2/11/2025