Heart of The Jungle 5-Reel 50-Line Slots The objective of Heart of the Jungle™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 50. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER , to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the Paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD symbol standing in). Note: Regular WILD symbols appear during the main game and the Golden Mountain free spins round only. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Mask symbol. The SCATTER symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the main game only. Whenever SCATTER symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously, the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered as explained below. Note: SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. Jungle Trail Free Spins 3 SCATTER symbols landing on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature. You will be taken to the map selection screen. This will have up to 4 different Free Spins modes from which to choose, depending on which modes have already been unlocked. New Free Spins modes are unlocked by triggering the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature a set number of times. The Free Spins modes are: The Deep Jungle : 8 Free Spins, with every win multiplied by x5. These are followed by an Ultra Spin, with a random win multiplier of up to x25. This mode is available from the 1st time the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered. The Crystal Falls : 10 Free Spins. Up to 5 stacks of WILD symbols can appear on the reels, and may move to different reels or be removed during spins. This mode is available from the 5th time the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered. The Golden Mountain : 15 Free Spins. WILD symbols will stick on the reels and nudge up or down on every spin. This mode is available from the 10th time the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered. The Lost City of Zantar : 25 Free Spins. A WILD symbol will appear on the middle row of symbols and can move horizontally between the reels during any spin. It may also increase your win multiplier. This mode is available from the 15th time the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered. Once all the Free Spins modes are unlocked, PAYMENT BOOST awards can be unlocked. PAYMENT BOOSTS increase the number of Free Spins in each mode (see more information at the Paytable). PAYMENT BOOSTS are unlocked for each Free Spins mode in the order that the Free Spins modes were originally unlocked. PAYMENT BOOSTS are unlocked on the 20th, 25th, 30th and 35th times that the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature is triggered. Line wins in Free Spins are multiplied by your triggering line bet. Note: All Free Spins payline winnings will be multiplied by the line bet you placed for the spin that triggered the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature. The Free Spins rounds cannot be retriggered during Free Spins. You can follow your progress on the map that will appear each time you win the Jungle Trail Free Spins feature. With each played Free Spins round you will move a trail segment closer to the next level. Once the PAYMENT BOOSTS modes are unlocked, the map will display the boosted modes instead of the original Free Spins modes. During Jungle Trail Free Spins feature the reels are spun automatically. After each spin, the win for that spin is displayed in the Win field. The Free Spins Total field shows the accumulated winnings from all Free Spins played so far. The number of free spins left is shown above the reels. After all Free Spins have been completed a screen appears showing the accumulated winnings from all Free Spins. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. The overall amount you have won during the Free Spins will also be displayed in the Total Win field in the main game. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. This game has a Return to Player (RTP) of 94.91% when no PAYMENT BOOSTS have been unlocked, and an RTP of 96.98% when all PAYMENT BOOSTS have been unlocked. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020