Berry Berry Bonanza 5-Reel 9-Line Slots The objective of Berry Berry Bonanza™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Line bet per game round = total bet / number of active paylines. Choose your lines by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your total bet on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP button. The number of auto spins left replaces the AUTO PLAY button during an Autoplay session. The paytable can be accessed from the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. In this game, paylines pay both left to right and right to left. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost or the rightmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive. If more than one active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. In case one payline contains two winning combinations (one starting from the leftmost and the other from the rightmost reel), you are paid for both combinations. 5 of a kind wins are paid once per line. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, including SCATTER symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol doubles any win while substituting, but not cumulatively (that is, 2 WILD symbols still multiply the win by 2 and not by 4). The WILD symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. SCATTER SYMBOL 2 to 5 SCATTER symbols on the reels award a payout that is multiplied by the total bet and added to the payline winnings. The symbols have to lie on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost or the rightmost reel. They do not have to follow any payline. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking BACK exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines – Screen illustrates the number of active paylines in the game. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. / Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Auto Play / Stop – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Auto play reel spin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95 . 99 %. Last modification date: 12/29/2021