King Colossus Game Rules About the game King Colossus is a 5 reel, 40 bet line video slot. The game features stacked symbols and a respins feature with locking symbols. Theoretical payout is 96,57% How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow these 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The Total Bet is based on the bet per line multiplied by the number of active lines, which is locked at 40. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin (where available) This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Free Spins Bonus 3 Free Spins Bonus Scatter symbols initiate 5 free spins. In Free Spins you will receive 1-3 Bonus Wild symbols each spin. The Bonus Wild symbols appear on reels 1, and 5. The regular King symbol will transform into a Massive King symbol that covers 3x3 symbol grid on reels 2, 3, and 4. Additional Free Spins can be won with the +1 Spin symbol. Special Symbols Wild Symbols The game has two different types of Wild Symbols: Regular wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Bonus scatter symbol, and +1 Spin symbol. Bonus Wild symbols appear in the Free Spins bonus, and substitute for all other symbols except the +1 Spin symbol. Free Spins Bonus Scatter symbol The Free Spins Bonus Scatter appear in main game. Three Free Spins Bonus Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger the Free Spins Bonus feature. +1 Spin symbol The +1 Spin symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus feature, and trigger one extra spin if it appears on the reels. Massive King symbol The King symbol transforms into a massive symbol in the Free Spins Bonus. The symbol covers a 3x3 symbol grid on reels 2, 3, and 4. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020