Kingdoms Rise Sands of Fury 5-reel 20-line slot To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Don’t show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. Wins can form on any payline. Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE, which will spin the reels until the FREE GAMES or JACKPOT features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Feature and symbol payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 20. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The Gold Queen, General, Sorcerer, Warrior or Reptile symbols with the word 'WILD' on them are the CHARACTER WILD symbols in the main game. Landing a CHARACTER WILD symbol on the same reel with its matching symbol trigger the Wild Fury feature. Wild Fury Feature If a CHARACTER WILD symbol lands on the reels during the main game, the Wild Fury feature is triggered. During the Wild Fury feature, 1 feature position appears above the reels for each character: Warrior above reel 1, General above reel 2, Queen above reel 3, Sorcerer above reel 4 and Reptile above reel 5. By default, the feature positions are inactive. A feature position becomes active when a CHARACTER WILD symbol lands on the reel below it. Note : Only a CHARACTER WILD symbol depicting the character above the reel can appear on that reel. As long as a feature position is active, all of its character WILD symbols remain locked for the next spin. When a feature position is active, various features can be triggered on it. The feature positions can reveal 1 of 4 symbols, each affecting the feature in a different way: Continue – locks the WILD symbol in the feature position above the reels and keeps the feature reel active for the next spin. Character – all character symbols of the character depicted above the reel transform into sticky CHARACTER WILD symbols for the next spin. 5 Respins - 5 free respins are awarded. When Respins are triggered, all CHARACTER WILD symbols present on the reels lock to the reels. During the Respins feature, a countdown appears in the feature position above the reel. The Respins countdown decreases by 1 with each Repsin . Note : Respins can be retriggered. During Respins , the 5 Respins option can appear in other feature positions, retriggering the feature and resetting the number of Respins to 5. Chain – ends the feature and any locked WILD symbol on that reel is unlocked and spins off the reels on the next spin. Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Once you have won 500 Pending Game Tokens they are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance is shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Please note, if you do not use your Game Tokens within 6 months of receiving them, they will expire. Please note, Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are not won from stakes using bonus money except in cases where the Casino permits it. Please refer to any bonus rules hosted by the Casino for further information. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Each feature is unique to a specific game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relates to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. Wild Beast Respins Feature The Wild Beast Respins feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During the Wild Beast Respins feature, a beast appears on the screen. The beast walks from right to left, hitting the reels, as it does so, adding locked CHARACTER WILD symbols to random symbol positions on the reels. The number of CHARACTER WILD symbols added on the reels depends on the amount of Game Tokens used: For 500 Game Tokens, you can purchase 5 Respins with 1 locked CHARACTER WILD symbol on reel 4 or 5. For 1000 Game Tokens, you can purchase 5 Respins with 2 locked CHARACTER WILD symbols on random symbol positions. For 2000 Game Tokens, you can purchase 5 Respins with 3, 4 or 5 locked CHARACTER WILD symbols. When the beast adds random CHARACTER WILD symbols to the reels, the CHARACTER WILD symbols lock on the reel, activate the feature position above that reel and grants 5 Respins . If a CHARACTER WILD symbol lands on a reel that has no CHARACTER WILD symbols, it activates any Continue , Character or Chain symbols that appear on the feature position above that reel. When the last respin is played, the Wild Beast Respins feature ends and the feature winning pop-up message appears of the screen. Pressing CONTINUE button returns you to the Kingdoms Rise™ – Sands of Fury main game. The Queen’s Ritual Bonus The Queen’s Ritual Bonus feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . While purchasing the feature, you can choose the number of picks to start the bonus: 300 Game Tokens award 3 initial picks with cash prizes. 750 Game Tokens award 4 initial picks with cash prizes, extra picks and 1 multiplier. 1500 Game Tokens award 5 initial picks with cash prizes, extra picks, 2 multipliers and WIN ALL pick. Note : A multiplier is applied to the current total cash prize displayed in the middle of the pool. It does not multiply any amounts of cash that are revealed after the multiplier was revealed. Note : If you pick WIN ALL , the water sources will open 1 by 1, accumulating all cash prizes as it does so. When a multiplier is revealed, it is applied to the current total cash prize displayed in the middle of the pool. It does not multiply any amounts of cash that are revealed after the multiplier was revealed. When the The Queen’s Ritual Bonus ends and the feature winning pop-up message appears of the screen. Pressing CONTINUE button returns you to the Kingdoms Rise™ – Sands of Fury main game. Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without using Game Tokens is 92.24%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 3.00%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 95.79%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020