Bonus Train Bandits 5-reel 20-line slot To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click on Do not show next time to skip the entry screen the next time you play. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 20. Wins can form on any payline. Press - or + on the left or the right sides of TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTO PLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. When you want to start autoplay, you must first set limitations for the autoplay session. The set limitations apply for one autoplay session in the current game. You can set the following options: Loss limit (mandatory): The amount of money you can spend in the following autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, autoplay will stop. Note that bets reduce and wins increase the remaining limit. Single win limit (optional): Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount. Pressing START starts the autoplay session with your settings, pressing CANCEL returns you to regular gameplay. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 20. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The silver metal skull badge symbol with the text ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER symbol to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol appears on reels #2, #3, #4 and #5 during the main game, Super Spins Feature and Mega Multiplier Free Games . Note : the WILD symbol can appear on all reels during the Revolver Wilds Feature . Scatter Symbol: The train and bandits symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol awards the prize on the bonus train carriage above the reel it lands on during any main game spin. Note : only 1 SCATTER symbol can land per spin. The Bonus Train Feature During the main game, several bonus train carriages lie above the reels - 1 above each reel and 1 off to the left/right side of the space above the reels. Each train carriage awards 1 of the following features: Revolver Wilds , Mega Multiplier Free Games , Super Spins or a cash prize worth up to 100x total bet. On every spin, the bonus train shifts 1 position to the left. When the SCATTER symbol lands on the reels during the main game, the feature directly above the reel the SCATTER symbol landed on is triggered. NOTE : The state of the carriages on the bonus train are saved per total bet. Changing your stake will revert the carriages on the bonus train to the state saved at that total bet, regardless of whether you have spun at a different total bet amount or not. Returning to a previous total bet amount will revert the carriages on the bonus train to that state. Revolver Wilds Feature When the SCATTER symbol lands on a reel beneath the carriage depicting 2 crossed pistols, the Revolver Wilds Feature is triggered. During the Revolver Wilds Feature , the SCATTER symbol which triggered it turns WILD and 2 guns appear in the foreground. The bandits will shoot at random symbols on the reels turning up to 5 symbols WILD . The total number of WILD symbols which can be created during the Revolver Wilds Feature is 6 (including the SCATTER symbol). Super Spins Feature When the SCATTER symbol lands on a reel beneath the carriage depicting 2 curved arrows, the Super Spins Feature is triggered. The Super Spins feature is played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. At the start of the Super Spins Feature , a train with carriages depicting every symbol, except SCATTER and WILD symbols, moves above the reels. The symbols on the train’s carriages are highlighted as they move past the frame on the central position above the reels. A random symbol depicted on the carriages is selected, stops in the frame and consecutive respins are awarded. Only the selected symbol appears during the respins. The respins counter starts at 2 spins. The SCATTER symbol which triggered the Super Spins Feature changes into the selected symbol. If no instances of the selected symbol land on the reels, the respins counter is reduced by 1. If the selected symbol lands anywhere on the reels, it locks to the reels after landing, and the respins counter resets to 2. The Super Spins Feature will continue until all positions are filled with the chosen symbol, or the respins counter reaches 0. The Super Spins wins are calculated at the end of the feature. Mega Multiplier Free Games When the SCATTER symbol lands on a reel beneath a carriage depicting the free games logo, Mega Multiplier Free Games is triggered. Press OK on the feature pop-up screen to begin the feature. Mega Multiplier Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. At the start of the feature, a train with win multipliers on each carriage, starting from 1x and increasing by 1 per carriage, appears from the right of the screen. At the start of the feature, a bandit stands on the carriage depicting 1x. The carriage the bandit stands on represents the active multiplier. On losing spins, the train moves left and the win multiplier increases by 1. On winning spins, the bandit moves to the right of the train, the train moves left, and the win multiplier increases by 2. The active multiplier is applied to winning spins. Only winning spins reduce the number of free games remaining. The Mega Multiplier Free Games feature cannot be retriggered. Mega Multiplier Free Games end when the number in the WINS REMAINING field reaches 0. At the end of the free games a pop-up window displays the total win from the feature. Press OK on the feature win pop-up screen to return to the main game. Cash Prize When the SCATTER symbol lands on a reel beneath a carriage with either 1, 2 or 3 bags of cash, a Cash Prize of up to 100x total bet is awarded. The number of bags of cash depicted on the train carriage above the reel indicates the size of the Cash Prize awarded. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.12%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/16/2020