Jekyll and Hyde 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Jekyll and Hyde is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Clicking the FEATURE BET button during the main game enables or disables the Feature Bet. More information about the Feature Bet can be found below. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CONTINUE button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol in the game is the symbol of Dr. Jekyll. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the best possible winning combination. WILD symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the main game. WILD symbols will expand to fill any reel they have landed on if WILD symbol participates in a winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Potion symbol. It can appear on any reel in the main game. SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Free Games round is triggered. FEATURE BET The Feature Bet can be enabled by clicking the FEATURE BET button during the main game. Enabling the Feature Bet will double the cost of your bet in the Total Bet field. With Feature Bet enabled, SCATTER Symbols will be powered up (the green Potion symbol turns red). Powered Up SCATTER symbols will still be valid and contribute to the 3 or more symbols needed to activate the Free Games, even if they are 1 symbol off the reels. Notes: Activating the Feature Bet does not significantly alter expected RTP. Activating the Feature Bet does not increase payouts from symbol wins, as the line bet is not changed. FREE GAMES The Jekyll and Hyde Spins features are triggered by 3 or more SCATTER symbols landing on the reels. Upon triggering Free Games, a selection screen will appear offering the choice between Jekyll Spins and Hyde Spins (both explained below). Free Games will continue in both modes until the Potion SCATTER becomes consumed. During both Free Games modes, the Potion SCATTER appears on reel 5 only. Every time the Potion SCATTER lands on reel 5 in either Free Games mode, some of the potion in the bottle is consumed. When this happens 4 times, all of the potion is consumed and the bottle breaks, ending Free Games. Free Games cannot be retriggered. JEKYLL SPINS Jekyll Spins feature WILD multiplier: WILD symbols multiply winning combinations they participate in. In Jekyll Spins a SCATTER symbol appears only on reel 5. Every time the SCATTER symbol lands on reel 5 and part of it is consumed, the WILD multiplier is increased. The first time the SCATTER lands on reel 5, the WILD multiplier will be increased to multiply all winnings by 2. The second time the SCATTER lands the WILD multiplier will be increased to x3, then x5 on the third landing of the SCATTER symbol. Finally, when the SCATTER appears for the fourth time, the bottle breaks and Jekyll Spins end. HYDE SPINS In Hyde Spins all regular WILD symbols are stacked. Every time the SCATTER symbol lands on reel 5 and part of it is consumed, one of the high win symbols turns WILD for the remainder of the Free Games feature. The first time the SCATTER lands on reel 5, the Charles symbol turns WILD ; the second time the SCATTER hits, the Beatrix symbol turns WILD ; and the third time the SCATTER hits, the Ivy symbol turns WILD . These extra WILD symbols are not expanding. Finally, when the SCATTER appears for the fourth time, the bottle breaks and Hyde Spins end. Any WILD symbols can form winning combinations, if the winning combination formed by WILD symbols is larger than the winning combination created through the WILD symbols substituting. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money -This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Auto Play mode stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Auto Play mode does not end the Auto Play reelspin mode. During a spin, the Spin button changes into the Stop button that stops the spin animation and displays the result immediately. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.22% and the minimum is 96.16%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020