Sakura Fortune About the game Sakura Fortune is a 4x5 reel 40 lines video slot featuring Sakura Fortune Respin and Freespins. Theoretical payout is 96,58% How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field For more understanding of Settings, Game Rules, and Game Features read the text below. Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. The number of bet lines used in the game is fixed at 40. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate bet line wins will be displayed on the bet line wins during the win presentation. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations, and payouts in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE, and are multiplied with the bet multiplier. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings (where available) In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on start up This setting allows you to switch the games Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. On the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Special symbols Princess Wild Symbol The Princess Wild symbol is a 4x1 wild scatter symbol. The Princess Wild is present only on reels 2,3,4 in both base game and free spins. The Princess Wild acts as both a wild and a scatter symbol and substitutes for all symbols. Bonus Scatter Symbol Bonus Scatter symbols are not bound to bet lines and are present on all reels in base game only. Three or more consecutive Bonus Scatter Symbols starting leftmost in the same spin initiate Free Spins. Game Features Sakura Fortune Respin Feature 2 full stacks Princess Wild symbol will trigger the Respin feature. The total number of respins relates to the number of wilds on the reels when triggered. 2 full stack wild initiates the feature and grants 2 respins, additional wilds grant additional respins. The feature ends when no new wilds land. Free Spins can be triggered during the feature. Free Spins 3 or more consecutive Bonus Scatter Symbols starting leftmost on a single spin will initiate Free Spins. During Freespins any Princess Wild landing on the reels will expand to cover the full reel and will remain that way for the duration of the Free Spins, it will also award an additional Free Spin. The Free Spins feature will play until there are no Free Spins left and cannot be retriggered. Mystery Nudge Any time 2 or more Princess Wild symbols land there is a chance that they nudge into a full stack. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days.Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020