Caribbean Stud Poker The object of Caribbean Stud® Poker is to get a five-card poker hand that beats the dealer's five-card poker hand. Caribbean Stud® Poker is played with a single 52-card deck. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. TO PLAY THE GAME First, click the chips to place a bet on ANTE. You can also place a bet by clicking the BET button. Progressive Jackpot Side Bet: You also have the option to make the progressive jackpot side bet – click the Jackpot space above the ANTE space on the card table to do so. The cost of the side bet is shown on the card table next to the Jackpot space after placing the side bet. Out of the side bet, a certain percentage goes to the progressive jackpot pool. The Contribution rate is 75%. If you get a flush or higher, you win a certain percentage of the jackpot (see the Winnings Table on the left side of the playing area for details). The current size of the jackpot is shown on the left side of the table. Click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets from the table and start over. Click DOUBLE to double the bets you have placed on the table. Click DEAL to deal the cards. A five-card hand will be dealt to you and the dealer. Cards dealt to your hand will be face up. One card dealt to the dealer's hand is face up and the rest are face down. These are the final hands in this round – no cards will be replaced or dealt for the duration of this game round. Decide whether to stay in or fold. If you fold (by clicking the FOLD button), you will lose your ante and the game round will end. If you stay (by clicking the CALL button), you make an additional bet that is double the size of the ante. Now the dealer's cards are flipped over so you can see them. If you clicked CALL and the dealer's hand does not include an Ace/King combination or higher, the dealer does not qualify and you win even money (1 to 1) on the ante and the additional bet is returned. If you clicked CALL and the dealer's hand includes a combination that is higher than yours, you lose both the ante and the additional bet. If you clicked CALL and the dealer's hand contains an Ace/King combination or higher, but your hand is higher, you win even money on the ante and the additional bet pays according to the Winnings Table. In Landscape and Portrait Modes the chip tray position can be changed with the left or right hand function, accessed by clicking the left menu button. Additionally, you can switch Turbo Mode on or off. It can be accessed by clicking Settings after clicking the left menu button. JACKPOT One of the possible wins in this game is the local progressive jackpot. The percentage of each bet, by every person playing this game, is added to a common pot. A player can win the entire jackpot or just part of it, depending on the player's winning card combination. After a jackpot has been won, a new pot is started with the Casino contributing a base amount of money (called a seed). This ensures that even if you get a jackpot result in a game right after someone else has won the jackpot, you will still get a large win. If you have 1 of the following hands you will win the jackpot, a portion of the jackpot or a payout based on the jackpot side bet: Royal Flush – 100% of the Jackpot Straight Flush – 10 % of the Jackpot Four of a Kind – Jackpot side bet × 500 Full House – Jackpot side bet × 100 Flush – Jackpot side bet × 50 Jackpot value is not included after clicking on Fold button. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): 5 000 × the Jackpot Bet ( Royal Flush ) 500 × the Jackpot Bet ( Straight Flush ) Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 75% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Royal Flush Straight Flush Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Place the jackpot bet. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued(a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. BUTTONS DEAL – Deal the cards. CLEAR BETS – Clear the table of your bets. DOUBLE – Double the bet on the ante. CALL – Place an additional bet that is double the size of the ante and turn the rest of the dealer's cards face up. FOLD – Give the ante to the dealer and turn the rest of the dealer's cards face up. REBET and DEAL – Place the same bets you made in the last round (both the ante and, if applicable, the progressive jackpot side bet) and deal the cards. DOUBLE and DEAL – Double the ante bet you placed in the last round, place the same progressive jackpot side bet as before (if applicable) and deal the cards. UNDO – Remove the last bet you placed on the table. ABOUT PAYOUTS If you collect the following winning card combinations you will receive the following payouts, as shown in the paytable: Royal Flush 100:1 Straight Flush 50:1 Four of a Kind 20:1 Full House 7:1 Flush 5:1 Straight 4:1 Three of a Kind 3:1 Two Pair 2:1 One Pair 1:1 High Card 1:1 HANDS VALUE NO HAND (DEALER DOESN’T QUALIFY) – Made of any 5 cards not meeting any of the below requirements. ACE/KING – This hand contains an Ace and/or King and doesn't meet any of the below requirements. A L 7 M 5 K 3 L 2 N ROYAL FLUSH – This hand contains 10, J, Q, K and ACE, all in the same suit. A M K M Q M J M 10 M STRAIGHT FLUSH – This hand contains 5 cards of sequential rank, all of them in the same suit. 8 K 7 K 6 K 5 K 4 K FOUR OF A KIND – This hand contains 4 cards of one rank. 5 L 5 N 5 M 5 K 3 M FULL HOUSE – This hand contains 3 cards of the same rank and 2 cards in another rank. K M K L K N 5 M 5 K FLUSH – This hand contains 5 cards of the same suit but not in a sequence. K N J N 9 N 7 N 3 N STRAIGHT – This hand contains 5 cards of sequential rank including at least 2 cards in different suits. Q N J L 10 K 9 N 8 M THREE OF A KIND – This hand contains 3 cards of one rank plus 2 cards of two different ranks. Q N Q M Q L 5 N 9 K TWO PAIR – This hand contains 2 cards of one rank and 2 cards of another rank. K M K N J K J L 9 L ONE PAIR – This hand contains 2 cards of one rank and 3 cards of three different ranks. A K A L 9 M 6 N 4 L Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 90.33% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 97.44%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020