Superman The Movie 5-Reel 100-Line Slot The objective of Superman the Movie is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click Play on the entry screen so that you can be directed to the main game reels. The number of active paylines is fixed and cannot be changed. Total bet per game round = line bet × 100 (the fixed number of active paylines). The line bet is the amount bet per 5 lines. The minimum total bet is 60 cents. Each red line displayed on the reels after a winning spin represents up to 12 paylines. Choose your total bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. Reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Autoplay mode. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the Menu or by clicking the INFO button. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu or by clicking the INFO button. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is the Superman logo. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER and BONUS symbols) to make the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the FREE GAMES symbol. When SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5, the Save the Day Free Games feature is triggered. Note: SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. BONUS SYMBOL When BONUS symbols land simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4, the Crystal Bonus feature is triggered. Note: BONUS symbols have no payout of their own. CRYSTAL BONUS When BONUS symbols land simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4 the Crystal Bonus feature is triggered. Pick crystals during this feature to win cash prizes and win multipliers (x2 and x5). A win multiplier only applies to the total amount that has been won at the time the multiplier is collected: the multiplier does not take effect at any other time. At the start of the feature the 14 crystals hide 7 cash prizes, 2 Collect symbols (each of which has a separate cash prize), a Restart symbol, 1 X2 win multiplier, 1 X5 win multiplier, and 2 Superman Logo symbols. Revealing a Superman Logo symbol disables one of the Collect symbols and destroys one of the crystals. Revealing a Restart symbol causes all picked crystals to rebuild and all the cash prizes and modifiers available at the start of the feature to reset and reshuffle. You will retain any winnings won previously in the round. Revealing a Collect symbol awards a cash prize, ends the feature and awards you any winnings. SAVE THE DAY FREE GAMES The Save the Day Free Games feature is triggered whenever 3 SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #1, #3 and #5. To start the Free Games round click the big red button. The feature starts with 10 free games. Whenever a WILD symbol lands it locks in place for the remaining free games. After all 10 free games are played out 10 more free games are awarded. All the WILD symbols locked to the reels remain in their positions for the next 10 free games. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win per Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field to the right above the reels. The number of Free Games remaining is shown in the Games Remaining field above the reels. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. When returning to the main game, clicking the SPIN button stops the win ticker, displays the full prize and spins the reels. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot feature contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking on a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel. The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The 1/5 screen shows all symbols and payouts. 2/5 and 3/5 screens explain which feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The 4/5 screen illustrates the jackpot behaviour in the game. The 5/5 screen shows all winning combinations. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info – Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Lines – screen illustrates the number of active paylines in the game. Total bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets : unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.02% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95.01%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020