Age of the Gods Norse King of Asgard 6-reel 50-line slot The objective of Age of the Gods™ Norse: King of Asgard is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press START on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also tick DO NOT SHOW THIS NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. Press - or + below TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. This will skip some win animations and sounds. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the AUTO PLAY button, and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Odin's Fury Respins or Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. Payouts are listed on the PAYOUTS screens. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press X . Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Wild Symbols: There are 2 types of WILD symbols in this game: ODIN WILD and LOKI WILD symbols. The ODIN WILD is a stacked WILD symbol and triggers the ODIN’S FURY RESPINS feature when it fully lands on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6. The ODIN WILD symbol cannot land on reel 1. Only 1 ODIN WILD symbol can land per spin. Both WILD symbols substitute for all symbols. Odin’s Fury Respins Whenever a stacked ODIN WILD symbol fully lands on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6, the Odin’s Fury Respins feature is triggered. When the feature is triggered, the reels will respin for free and the stacked ODIN WILD becomes a shifting stacked WILD that shifts left to the adjacent reel position with each respin. Each respin, the final spin multiplier increases by 1. When a LOKI WILD symbol lands to the left of the ODIN WILD symbol during Odin’s Fury Respins , it will push the ODIN WILD symbol 1 reel to the right. When the ODIN WILD reaches Reel 1, the Odin’s Fury Respins end. Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot includes: Ultimate Power Jackpot and Daily Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Ultimate Jackpot . The Ultimate Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Norse Ultimate Power Jackpot and Age of the Gods™ Ultimate Power Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot . The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time and date displayed on the ticker. Spinning the reels within the date and time shown on the Daily Jackpot ticker may trigger the Daily Jackpot . If the current Daily Jackpot is won before the date and time shown of the Daily Jackpot ticker, 1 or more jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 1.11% of each bet placed. 75.68% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 24.32% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot is funded by the operator. Seed (how much money the jackpot starts out with): Daily Jackpot : Dynamic amount, dependent on players contribution. Ultimate Power : €100,000. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the jackpot): The jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Norse Jackpot . Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. If no Jackpot win paid for the guaranteed time period where the Daily Strike Jackpot must be won, then that Jackpot will be paid to the last player who contributed during this time period. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without the Jackpot Contribution is 94.56%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95.11%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 10/14/2020