The Racaroon The Racaroon 5-reel, 40-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to open the pop-up menu. Press the lightning bolt button in the pop-up menu to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols on a payline, on consecutive reels from left to right, trigger a win. The Cash Prize, Bonus, 1 Up and X symbols are the exception to the rule above. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the Autoplay button, use the slider to select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Wild Symbol: The Raccoon is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except Cash Prize, Bonus, 1 Up and X symbols. Landing the Wild symbol will collect all prizes on all Cash Prize symbols in view. The Wild symbol can land only in the Hot Zone on reel 3, row 2. The Wild symbol can only land on the reels during the main game. Cash Prize Symbol: Cash Prize symbol displays a cash prize and awards it, when collected by the Wild symbol. Depending on the colour, Cash Prize symbols contain the following values: Green Cash Prize symbol value = total bet x 0.5. Purple Cash Prize symbol value = total bet x 1. Pink Cash Prize symbol value = total bet x 1.5. Yellow Cash Prize symbol value = total bet x 2, 2.25, 2.5, 3, 3.75 and 5. Landing the Cash Prize symbol on any spin can also trigger the Golden Macaroon feature, awarding one of four increasing Special Prizes. Every pink, purple and green Cash Prize symbol that lands increases the value of the same-coloured Special Prize above the reels by 0.1x. Yellow Cash Prize symbol increases the value of the same-coloured Special Prize by 0.25x. Bonus Symbol: The symbol with the word 'BONUS' on it is the Bonus symbol in the game. The Bonus symbol can only land on the reels during the main game. Bonus and 1 Up symbols can land together on the same spin in the main game. Bonus and X symbols cannot land on the same spin. X Symbol: The symbol with the sign 'X' on it is the X symbol in the game. The X symbol multiplies all Cash Prize symbols by the current win multiplier. The X symbol can only land on the reels during the main game. 1 Up Symbol: The symbol with the text '1 UP' on it is the 1 Up symbol in the game. The 1 Up symbol increases the current win multiplier by 1. The 1 Up symbol cannot appear on the reels when the win multiplier value reaches 10x. Win Multiplier: The game's win multiplier is positioned at the top right of the reels. The symbol shows the current win multiplier, which can reach up to 10x. Note: Unless the X symbol lands on the reels, the win multiplier stays locked and does not multiply Cash Prize symbols. Rewind Feature: During the main game, if the Wild symbol does not appear in the Hot Zone, there is a random chance that the Hot Zone may rewind so that the Wild symbol lands in the zone. Racaroon Respins Feature: Simultaneously landing the Bonus symbol anywhere on the reels and the Wild symbol on the same spin triggers the Racaroon Respins feature. Press ► to start the Racaroon Respins feature. At the beginning of the feature, 3 respins are awarded. The Wild symbol that triggered the feature remains locked in the Hot Zone until the end of the Racaroon Respins. Only Cash Prize and 1 Up symbols can land during the feature. The number of respins is reset to 3 every time a Cash Prize or a 1 Up symbol lands on the reels. Each Cash Prize symbol that lands is multiplied by the current win multiplier. Fill all positions on the reels to win the 5000x GRAND prize. When the number of respins reaches 0, all prizes are awarded and there is a chance to trigger the Golden Macaroon feature. At the end of the Racaroon Respins feature, the win multiplier is reset to 1x. Note: The chance of triggering the Racaroon Respins feature varies depending on the current win multiplier. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Golden Macaroon Feature: The Golden Macaroon feature can be triggered on any spin during the main game when the Cash Prize symbol lands on the reels or at the end of the Racaroon Respins feature. Note: The more Cash Prize symbols that are collected, the larger the Golden Macaroon becomes. This is a visual guide and does not directly affect the chance of the feature to trigger. Pick boxes until you reveal 3 matching macaroon symbols to win one of four increasing Special Prizes of the same colour. When one of the Special Prizes is won, its value is reset to the initial value. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Increasing Special Prizes: Increasing Special Prizes can only be won during the Golden Macaroon feature. When the BUY FEATURE is off: Yellow Special Prize starts at 200x and can increase up to 500x. Pink Special Prize starts at 100x and can increase up to 250x. Purple Special Prize starts at 20x and can increase up to 100x. Green Special Prize starts at 7.5x and can increase up to 50x. When the BUY FEATURE is on: Yellow Special Prize starts at 375x and can increase up to 500x. Pink Special Prize starts at 175x and can increase up to 250x. Purple Special Prize starts at 60x and can increase up to 100x. Green Special Prize starts at 25x and can increase up to 50x. Each time the BUY FEATURE is activated, the values of Special Prizes reset to the initial amounts mentioned above. Special Prizes reset to the values prior to the BUY FEATURE session when returning to the main game. When one of the Special Prizes is won, its value is reset to the initial value. BUY FEATURE: BUY FEATURE is an optional way to manually trigger the Racaroon Respins feature with a multiplier of up to 10x. The BUY FEATURE button is located to the left of the reels. The feature price depends on the bet amount and the win multiplier values: 1x win multiplier value = total bet x 20. 2x win multiplier value = total bet x 29.75. 3x win multiplier value = total bet x 40.5. 4x win multiplier value = total bet x 52. 5x win multiplier value = total bet x 64. 6x win multiplier value = total bet x 76. 7x win multiplier value = total bet x 88. 8x win multiplier value = total bet x 100. 9x win multiplier value = total bet x 113. 10x win multiplier value = total bet x 122.5. The feature price is displayed in the BUY FEATURE menu. Press the BUY FEATURE button to open the menu. Press - or + to choose the feature price or the win multiplier and then press the BUY NOW button. Note: The + button may be disabled if the feature price is exceeded. If you do not want to buy the feature, press the Χ button. Note: The BUY NOW button may be disabled if buying the feature will exceed the maximum total bet. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the STANDARD BET mode is 93.85%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 93.20%, 93.50%, 93.48%, 93.65%, 93.51%, 93.69%, 93.80%, 93.97%, 93.45% and 93.78% for 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x and 10x win multipliers respectively. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/11/2025