Batman Begins 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of Batman Begins™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click DON`T SHOW NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 20. The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel at the bottom of the screen. Click '−' or '+' under BET/LINE to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button, represented by 3 orange arrows, to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. Reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the blue AUTOPLAY button that looks like the spinning arrow to display the list of options. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button, represented by 2 overlapping blue arrows, and click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY and TURBO MODE buttons are deactivated. Click on the STOP button that appears in place of the SPIN button to stop the Autoplay session. The paytable can be accessed by clicking on the i button beneath the reels. When a stage is triggered and the intro screen appears, click the CONTINUE button to proceed. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL There are 3 types of WILD symbol in every stage of the game: a regular WILD symbol, an expanded WILD symbol and a special WILD symbol. All WILD symbols can substitute for all other symbols to make the highest possible win. The silhouette of Gotham City with the Batman logo and the word WILD written on it is the regular WILD symbol in the game. The regular WILD symbol can appear during any stage. In all stages, when a Batman symbol lands on the hotspot (the middle position on reel #3) it expands to fill the reel and becomes an expanded WILD symbol. Each of the 5 stages also feature a special WILD symbol that is unique to each stage: Flower WILD , Petrol WILD , Batmobile WILD , Bat-Signal WILD and Microwave WILD . STAGES There are 5 stages in the game. In every stage there are 2 meters above the reels and a hotspot in the middle of reel #3. Filling a meter will take you to the stage that corresponds to that meter. Read about how to fill the meters in the stage sections below. Each of the 5 stages have a special WILD symbol that can only land during that stage. These are described in more detail below. The game starts in The Temple . The Temple stage is also triggered by landing Ra’s al Ghul symbols on the hotspot to fill the meter in The Monorail . The Temple features Flower WILD symbols that expand 1 reel position in 4 diagonal directions when they land. Land a Bruce Wayne symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the left meter and land a Dr. Crane symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the right meter. When a meter has 4 bars it is considered full, and the game will transition to a new stage. The Wayne Manor stage is triggered by landing Bruce Wayne symbols on the hotspot to fill the meter in The Temple or The Batcave . Wayne Manor features Petrol WILD symbols that duplicate to 2-5 adjacent reel positions when they land. Land a Scarecrow symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the left meter. Land a Gordon symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the right meter. When a meter has 4 bars it is considered full, and the game will transition to a new stage. The Batcave stage is triggered by landing Dr. Crane symbols on the hotspot to fill the meter in The Temple or Arkham Asylum . The Batcave features Batmobile WILD symbols. When a Batmobile WILD symbol lands, a respin is triggered and the Batmobile WILD symbol remains on the reels. During a respin all Batmobile WILD symbols on the reels shift 1 position left. A Batmobile WILD symbol on reel #1 will shift left off the reels during a respin. The respins continue until there are no Batmobile WILD symbols on the reels. Land a Bruce Wayne symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the left meter. Land a Gordon symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the right meter. When a meter has 4 bars it is considered full, and the game will transition to a new stage. The Arkham Asylum stage is triggered by landing Scarecrow symbols on the hotspot to fill the meter in Wayne Manor or The Monorail . Arkham Asylum features Bat-Signal WILD symbols that can be added to a random reel position on any spin and carry a multiplier value of 2X to 50X. This multiplier applies to any winning combinations in which the Bat-Signal WILD symbol participates. Only 1 Bat-Signal WILD symbol can land on a single spin. Land a Gordon symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the left meter. Land a Dr. Crane symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the right meter. When a meter has 4 bars it is considered full, and the game will transition to a new stage. The Monorail stage is triggered by landing Gordon symbols on the hotspot to fill the meter in Wayne Manor , The Batcave or Arkham Asylum . The Monorail features Microwave WILD symbols. When a Microwave WILD symbol lands, the highest-paying adjacent symbol (other than expanding Batman WILD ) is duplicated to other reel positions. When 2 or more Microwave WILD symbols land on the same spin, all the symbols adjacent to all the Microwave WILD symbols are evaluated, and then only the highest-paying symbol of all of them (except for expanding Batman WILD ) is duplicated. Land a Scarecrow symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the left meter. Land a Ra’s al Ghul symbol on the hotspot to add 1 bar to the right meter. When a meter has 4 bars it is considered full, and the game will transition to a new stage. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot . The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand . The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The Jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking on a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the x button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking i opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons enables navigating between the different info screens. The Stages screens explain which feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Symbol Payouts screen shows all winning combinations. The Paylines screen illustrates the paylines and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking x exits the i screen and returns to the game. Buttons: i - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Bet/Line – Increase or decrease the line bet by clicking the “+” or “−” buttons. Spin - Spin the reels. Autoplay ON (Blue Button) – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result /End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Turbo Mode (Orange Button) – Turn on/off Turbo Mode. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 04 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95 . 03 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020