Miss Fortune 5-Reel 25-Line Slots The objective of Miss Fortune™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE option to spin until any of the features are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol is represented by an image of the Crystal Ball. It can stand for any other symbol except for the SCATTER and BONUS symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Whenever a WILD symbol appears and is not included in a winning combination it is collected for the Crystal Ball Re-Spin feature. When 3 WILD symbols are collected, the Crystal Ball Re-Spin feature is triggered. More information on the Crystal Ball Re-Spin feature can be found in the relevant section below. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win with only WILD symbols is larger than the win with the regular symbols (with WILD symbols substituting). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol is represented by the Miss Fortune Logo. The SCATTER symbol appears only on reels 1 through 4. When exactly 2 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on these reels, the Magical Collection feature is triggered. More information on the Magical Collection feature can be found in the relevant section below. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels simultaneously during the main game the Miss Fortune’s Free Games feature is triggered. More information on the Miss Fortune’s Free Games feature can be found in the relevant section below. BONUS SYMBOL The BONUS symbol is represented by the Little Dragon and appears only on reels 1, 3 and 5. If the BONUS symbols appear anywhere on these 3 reels simultaneously during the main game, the Teacher’s Pet Bonus is triggered. There is no payout associated with the BONUS symbol. CRYSTAL BALL RE-SPIN Whenever a WILD symbol appears and is not included in a winning combination it is collected in the panel in the top left corner of the screen. More than 1 WILD symbol can be collected in a single spin, provided they do not take part in any winning combination. When 3 WILD symbols are collected in this way, the Crystal Ball Re-Spin feature is triggered. When the feature is triggered, any winnings from the triggering spin will be awarded and the reels will re-spin for free. Whilst the reels are re-spinning, the 3 WILD symbols in the collection area will be placed in random positions on the reels. Collected WILD symbols are tied to the placed bet. If the bet size is changed, all collected WILD symbols will be removed. WILD symbols cannot be collected during a Crystal Ball Re-Spin. The Teacher’s Pet Bonus and the Miss Fortune’s Free Games feature cannot be triggered during a Crystal Ball Re-Spin. WILD symbols can only be collected and the Crystal Ball Re-Spin can only be triggered during the main game. MAGICAL COLLECTION FEATURE When exactly 2 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on reels 1 through 4, the Magical Collection feature is triggered. 1 free game is added to the free games counter in the top right corner of the screen. This does not trigger Miss Fortune’s Free Games. When the Miss Fortune’s Free Games feature is triggered by 3 SCATTER symbols landing anywhere on the reels, the number in the free games counter is added to the 7 Miss Fortune’s Free Games that are initially awarded. After Miss Fortune’s Free Games have ended, the free games counter is reset to 0. Collected SCATTER counters are tied to the placed bet. If the bet size is changed, all collected counters will be removed. TEACHER’S PET BONUS 3 BONUS symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously trigger the Teacher’s Pet Bonus. To start the Bonus round click the PLAY button. On the Bonus screen there are 10 lockers and 10 levels of cash prizes on the right hand side of the screen. A dragon is hidden behind one of the 10 lockers. Every time the dragon is found, the cash prize awarded at the end of the bonus is increased. You are awarded 10 picks at the start of the bonus. Click on any of the lockers to pick it and look inside. If the dragon is not inside the locker picked, Miss Fortune will open extra lockers to help you find the dragon. If the dragon is inside a locker opened the next level of cash prize will be illuminated at the right of the screen. All opened lockers will then be closed and you may pick another locker. If all the lockers are open while you still have free picks another 10 lockers appear. Successful picks are awarded the following cash prizes: Number of successful picks Cash prize 10 Total bet x1500 9 Total bet x500 8 Total bet x250 7 Total bet x100 6 Total bet x75 5 Total bet x50 4 Total bet x40 3 Total bet x30 2 Total bet x20 1 Total bet x10 The minimum bonus cash prize you can win is the total bet x10. The Teacher’s Pet Bonus is available in the main game only. At the end of the Bonus game, a win screen displays your winnings. The Game win field shows the winnings that were received from the main game that won the Bonus. The Feature win field shows the winnings that were received during the Bonus. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). If no winnings were received during the spin that won the Bonus, only the Total Win field will be shown. Clicking CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, click the SPIN button to stop the win ticker and to display the total prize. MISS FORTUNE’S FREE GAMES 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger Miss Fortune’s Free Games. You are awarded with 7 free games plus the current number on the free games counter. To start the Free Games, click the PLAY button. After that a screen appears displaying the amount of Free Games won. To start the Free Games round click CONTINUE . Miss Fortune’s Free Games are played with an initial win multiplier of x2, doubling all winnings awarded per spin. Every time a Miss Fortune’s Free Games spin results in no winning combinations, the win multiplier is increased by 1. During the Free Games round the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that has triggered the Free Games. If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear in any position on the reels during Free Games, a payout is won but more Free Games are not triggered. The Crystal Ball Re-Spin or Magical Collection feature as well as the Teacher’s Pet Bonus cannot be triggered during the Free Games. After each spin, the winnings from that spin are displayed in the Win field. The total winnings accumulated in the Free Games feature are shown in the Free Games Win field in the top right corner of the screen. The number of the Free Games left is displayed in the Free Games box above the reels. When all Free Games have been played, a result board appears. The Game Win field shows the winnings received from the spin that has triggered the Free Games. The Feature Win field shows the winnings received during the Free Games round. The Total Win field shows the accumulated winnings (the sum of the Game Win and the Feature Win). Tapping CONTINUE returns you to the main game. When returning to the main game, tap the SPIN button to stop the win ticker and to display the total prize. When you return to the main game, the free games counter in the Magical Collection Feature is reset to 0. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.03%. Last modification date: 12/29/2021