Ways of the Phoenix 5-Reel 3125-Way Slot The objective of Ways of the Phoenix™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also click Don’t show next time if you want to skip this screen in future. This game can be played with up to 3125 Ways to Win . The game starts with 45 Ways to Win . The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 25 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your total bet by clicking '–' or '+' Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to see the Autoplay options. Clicking on an option starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the smaller STOP button beneath the number of remaining spins. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Phoenix & Dragon Free Games feature is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed instead of the AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL WAYS FEATURE The game is played with a variable number of Ways to Win.The game starts with 45 Ways to Win .The number of Ways to Win per spin can rise to 3125 via the Rising Kingdom feature. 3 or more adjacent matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on the SCATTER symbol can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The dragon claw holding a ball is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Yin-yang symbol with the text 'Scatter' on the blue fire background. When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Phoenix & Dragon Free Games feature is triggered. SCATTER symbols can trigger the feature even when they land on locked reels. RISING KINGDOM FEATURE The reel set has 5 unlockable levels.Every consecutive win unlocks another level of the reel set (until level 6 is reached).A losing spin resets the reel set one level down.Each reel set level has a different number of Ways to Win. 1 Level – 45 Ways to Win 2 Level – 135 Ways to Win 3 Level – 405 Ways to Win 4 Level – 675 Ways to Win 5 Level – 1125 Ways to Win 6 Level – 3125 Ways to Win The number of Ways to Win is saved per bet amount. PHOENIX & DRAGON FREE GAMES When 3 or more SCATTER symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Phoenix & Dragon Free Games feature is triggered. During Phoenix & Dragon Free Games , 2 SCATTER symbols pay 1 × total bet and trigger 2 extra free games. During Phoenix & Dragon Free Games , the reel set rises 1 level each winning spin (until it reaches level 6) and does not revert back to previous level after a losing spin.After the feature ends, you will transition back to the main game with the reel set used during the final free game. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound On/Off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. With REELS button you can return to the main game. Info page: Clicking the INFO button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Symbols screen explains the peculiarities of symbols and their payouts. The Payouts screens show all winning combinations. The Features screens explain which feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Ways screen illustrates the Ways to Win and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: INFO - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (Paytable). Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Auto Play / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Turbo - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.98 %. Last modification date: 12/29/2021