Kingdoms Rise Scorching Clouds 5-reel, cluster wins slot The objective of the Kingdoms Rise™:Scorching Clouds slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Clicking the ⚡ button switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Clicking the round Spin button spins the reels with the current total bet. The reels can be spun automatically. Click on the AUTO button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. During the Auto Play mode,the spin button turns into a STOP button that displays the number of remaining spins. The mode ends, when the reels have been spun the number of times you have determined, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end the Auto Play mode earlier by clicking the STOP button. Auto Play mode can also be set to Until Feature , which will cause the reels to spin repeatedly until a interactive feature is triggered or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. In the case of a winning spin, the Win field displays the accumulated winnings. Paytable: Clicking the i button opens the paytable describing the different game components. Navigate with the arrows between the different sections of the paytable. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the X button. Cluster wins: Wins are achieved with 4 or more matching symbols touching each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols will fall to fill the gaps. Non-winning symbols will cascade down and lock into place. Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Maximum win limit: The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except scatter symbols to make the best possible winning combination. Scatter: The Scatter symbol in the game is the Free Games symbol. Scatter symbols trigger in any position. Spreading Wilds Wild or dragon egg symbols landing anywhere in the highlighted area will create between 2 and 4 random Wild symbols anywhere on the reels. Dragon Eggs landing anywhere in the highlighted area will get collected and trigger Spreading Wilds . Spreading Wilds can also be created in the highlighted area, triggering another Spreading Wild feature for the same round. Positions that triggered Spreading Wilds, will be removed for the ongoing round, but reappear on the next spin. Spreading Wilds end when no winning clusters and new Wild or Dragon Egg symbols in the highlighted area are present. Dragon Egg Respins When 6 dragon eggs are collected, 6 Dragon Egg Respins will be triggered. Dragon eggs are collected when they land anywhere on the reels. During Dragon Egg Respins , the win cluster mechanic is inverted: winning clusters will stay, and non-winning symbols will be removed, so new symbols can fall. Any wins will be paid when no new wins or extensions of previous wins are formed. Any excessive Dragon Eggs that have been collected when triggering the feature will be carried into the main game after the Dragon Egg Respins finish. Dragon Egg Respins end when no more dragon eggs are left in the collection area. During Dragon Egg Respins, no additional dragon eggs can be collected. Dragon eggs are only valid for the stake they have been collected with. The Spreading Wilds feature cannot be triggered during this feature. The Dragon Egg Respins feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. 750 tokens award 6 Dragon Egg Respins Free Games: 3 or more concurrent Scatter symbols on any reels trigger FREE GAMES. Choose from 2 different types of Free Games with the same average return to player, but different win distribution and volatility. Free games cannot be retriggered. Empress Free Games 3 Scatters = 5 Empress Free Games 4 Scatters = 6 Empress Free Games 5 Scatters = 7 Empress Free Games Hammer, wrench and telescope symbols landing vertically or horizontally next to an Empress will change into Empress symbols. Empress Free Games have a high volatility and allow for higher rewards with a higher risk for lower wins. The knight and engineer symbols are not present during this feature. During this feature, no dragon eggs can be collected. The Spreading Wilds feature cannot be triggered during this feature. The Empress Free Games feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. 1,500 tokens award 4 Empress Free Games 2,250 tokens award 6 Empress Free Games 3,000 tokens award 8 Empress Free Games Knight Free Games 3 Scatters = 8 Knight Free Games 4 Scatters = 10 Knight Free Games 5 Scatters = 12 Knight Free Games Hammer symbols landing vertically or horizontally next to a knight symbol will change into Knight symbols. Knight Free Games have a medium volatility and allow for medium rewards with a lower risk for lower wins. Empress and engineer symbols are not present during this feature. During this feature, no dragon eggs can be collected. The Spreading Wilds feature cannot be triggered during this feature. The Knight Free Games feature can be purchased from the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop. 1,000 tokens award 4 Knight Free Games 1,500 tokens award 6 Knight Free Games 2,000 tokens award 8 Knight Free Games Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens Game Tokens are unique to Kingdoms Rise™ and can be exchanged for features in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . During regular gameplay, Game Tokens are won on the reels and added to your Game Token balance. Pending Game Tokens are won alongside Game Tokens on the reels and are added to your Pending Game Token balance. For every 2 Game Tokens you win, 1 Pending Game Token is also won. Pending Game Tokens are released to your Game Token balance and become available to use within the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop after reaching the release limit. Pending Game Tokens can also be released to you at any stage by the Casino. Your Pending Game Token balance and the release limit are shown in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop . Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are subject to expiration rules. Unless stated differently by the Casino operator, all Tokens will expire after 6 months of inactivity on Kingdoms Rise™ games. Please note, Game Tokens and Pending Game Tokens are not won from stakes using bonus money except in cases where the Casino permits it. Please refer to any bonus rules hosted by the Casino for further information. Kingdoms Rise™ Shop Kingdoms Rise™ Game Tokens can be used to buy features from any game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Each feature is unique to a specific game in the Kingdoms Rise™ game suite. Once a feature has been activated in exchange for Game Tokens, the feature plays out and winnings are awarded in cash directly to your balance. All money won from features bought in the Kingdoms Rise™ Shop is real money that can be withdrawn as cash. The feature entry stake for all features is based on a player’s average bet across all Kingdoms Rise™ games regardless of Token cost. The price of a feature in Tokens relates to the additional enhancements available in the feature. Current average bet values are available on request to the operator customer support. Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot The Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpot includes: Epic Jackpot and Power Strike Jackpot . The Epic Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Epic Jackpot. The Epic Jackpot is a progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Kingdoms Rise™ Epic Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. The Power Strike Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Power Strike Jackpot . Spinning the reels before the Power Strike Jackpot ticker reaches the amount shown can trigger the Power Strike Jackpot . Note : Any spin of any amount can trigger a Jackpot. Note : The larger your bet, the greater your chance of winning a Jackpot. Note : All Kingdoms Rise™ Jackpots can be won during the main game only. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 0.55% of each bet placed. 47.27% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 52.73% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several Kingdoms Rise™ games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. Please note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Return to Player: The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution without using Game Tokens is 93.93%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 3.00%. The maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution and Kingdoms Rise™ Tokens is 96.62%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/14/2020