Walking Dead Collect 'Em 5-reel, 30-line slot The objective of The Walking Dead™ Collect Em™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The entry screen displays the game’s features. Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON'T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm. Press the lightning bolt button to activate TURBO MODE, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the TURBO MODE session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 30. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect'Em™, Cash Prize, Diamond and Free Games symbols. Collect'Em™ Symbols The blue, red and green symbols with the words ‘Collect'Em’ are the Collect'Em™ symbols in the game. Any Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reel 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Prize, Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Collect'Em™ Feature The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing any Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 during the main game, or on reels 1 to 5 during the Free Games, and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 3 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with cash value on it is the Cash Prize symbol. For example, 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes are corresponded to the players total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, +2 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Note: Cash Prize symbols contain values of x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by total bet. Note: Free Games symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reel 5 and 1 or more Free Games coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, the corresponding Free Games feature is triggered: The blue Collect'Em™ symbol triggers the Safe Zone Free Games The green Collect'Em™ symbol triggers the Commonwealth Free Games The red Collect'Em™ symbol triggers the Danger Zone Free Games Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol. Note: New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. During free games, each Collect'Em™ symbols collect all Cash Prize, Diamond and/or Free Games symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. Safe Zone Free Games During Safe Zone Free Games, the blue Collect'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels, and locks on the reels for 3 spins whenever it lands. Note: Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of 3 spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. When the feature ends, press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Commonwealth Free Games During Commonwealth Free Games, the green Collect'Em™ symbol locks on the reels and shifts 1 position to the left for each spin until it exits the reels. Note: More than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol can be on the reels at a time. When the feature ends, press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Danger Zone Free Games During Danger Zone Free Games, the red Collect'Em™ symbol moves 1 position down each spin until it exits the reels. During the feature, Multiplier symbols can land on any reel and multiply all prizes and extra Free Games won from coin symbols. Note: Multiplier symbols are additive. For example, x2+x2+x2=x6. Note: Multiplier symbol contain value of x2. When the feature ends, press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games, and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect'Em™ Prize. There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI. Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ is locked on the reels during Free Games. Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Note: А singular prize can be collected up to 3 times. Nudge The Nudge feature can only trigger on reel 5 during the main game. There is a chance the reels will nudge a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 5 on any near miss. Please note: The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $225.00. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.49%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/18/2024