Fluffy Favorites 5-reel 25-line slot Fluffy, fun-filled lines will have you dancing for joy over 5 massive reels of excitement! Test your luck against the exciting crane game to win big! Dance up a storm with pink elephants awarding you with bonus wins and free games! It's a great day to take home a Fluffy Favourite! To play the game: To open bet settings, press the coin button. The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. Choose the total bet by moving the slider under BET TOTAL to the left or right, or press on the MAX BET button to choose the maximum total bet. To close bet settings and return to the game, press the X button. Press ⚡ to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the ⚡ button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press spin button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Payouts: A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN meter. All line wins pay left to right. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the autoplay button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press spin button. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when the reels have spun the number of times specified or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. You can end autoplay by pressing the stop button ( ■ ). Paytable: To open the paytable, press the menu button ≡ and then press RULES & PAYOUTS . The paytable is scrollable. Payouts are listed in the LINE WINS section. To find the possible win amount for any given symbol combination, the line bet must be multiplied by the payout. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Wins can only form on active paylines. Wild symbol: The Wild (Elephant) symbol substitutes for all symbols except scattered Claw symbols. Prizes are doubled when the Wild (Elephant) symbol substitutes for another symbol in a line win. Grab A Fluffy: Three or more scattered Claw symbols appearing anywhere trigger the Grab A Fluffy feature. The player is awarded one pick for each scattered Claw symbol in the triggering combination. Each pick can award a prize of 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x or 100x the total wager. When all picks have been used, the sum of all revealed cash prizes will be paid and the feature will end. Free Games: 3, 4 or 5 scattered Elephant symbols appearing anywhere trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively. Line win prizes are tripled during Free Games. Free Games are played using the same paylines and wager as the triggering game. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.39%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/10/2025