Jackpot Giant 5-Reel 50-Line Slots The objective of Jackpot Giant™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 50. The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Giant Bonus Round or Giant Jackpot is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except for the SCATTER and BONUS symbols) to make the best possible winning combinationon on a winning payline. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). In addition, landing 5 WILD symbols on payline 1 will trigger the Giant Jackpot (see below for more information). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. BONUS SYMBOL The BONUS symbol appears on reels 1 and 5 only. If BONUS symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on these reels, the Giant Bonus is triggered. STACKED SYMBOLS Two of the symbols (the Giants) are stacked in this game, which means that each symbol occupies 2 reel positions vertically. Each covered position participating in a winning combination pays according to the payout of the respective stacked symbol. GIANT BONUS Whenever BONUS symbols appear simultaneously anywhere on reels 1 and 5, the Giant Bonus is triggered. The screen that follows reveals 6 volcanoes. Pick 3 of 6 volcanoes by clicking on them. Each volcano awards a cash prize. In addition, clicking on a volcano may reveal an Extra Pick or the Win 'Em All reward. The Extra Pick grants you another pick. If you are awarded the Win 'Em All reward, you win all 6 bonus cash prizes. Note: You can win the Extra Pick or the Win 'Em All option during the same bonus round. GIANT JACKPOT The Giant Jackpot is awarded when there are 5 WILD symbols along payline 1 (see the Paytable for information about the paylines). To qualify for the Giant Jackpot, you must play with the maximum possible total bet. If you win the Giant Jackpot, you will receive the Jackpot amount, but not the paytable prize for 5x WILD . If there are 5 WILD symbols along payline 1 but you do not qualify for the Giant Jackpot, you will receive the paytable prize for 5x WILD . The Giant Jackpot is a progressive jackpot accumulated by all Casinos offering the Jackpot Giant™ game. A small percentage of each maximum total bet is added to a common pot. The greater part of this contribution is used to form the progressive jackpot amount, and the other, smaller part, contributes to the seed, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be won by the players that qualify for the Giant Jackpot. In case you win the Jackpot while one or more other players are spinning for it, the player who triggered the feature first will win the full Jackpot amount (seed plus progressive) whereas the other player(s) will be awarded the Jackpot seed only. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): €100,000 Average contribution rate (what average percentage of each maximum total bet goes into the Jackpot): 2.98% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): 5x WILD along payline 1. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play Jackpot Giant™ with the maximum possible total bet. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. If you get disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game round while playing with the maximum total bet, the Casino will remember the state of the game up to that point, so that the next time you log in, you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Auto Play mode stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Auto Play mode does not end the Auto Play reelspin mode. During a spin, the Spin button changes into the Stop button that stops the spin animation and displays the result immediately. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage is 91.25% and the maximum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage that includes the jackpot contribution is 94.22%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020