Lil Demon: LuckyTap Lil Demon: LuckyTap™ To play the game: On the entry screen, press ► to start the game. Each game, the Demon tosses a bomb into the fire pit. When the bomb lands in the fire pit and explodes, win 3 to 18 of the prizes shown onscreen. When the bomb lands in the fire pit and does not explode, the round ends without a payout. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Press - or + beside TOTAL BET to choose the total bet, and press CONFIRM. Press ↻ to toss a bomb. During the round the ↻ button becomes disabled. Pressing anywhere on the screen ends all animations and immediately displays the result. In the case of a winning round, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. Autoplay: Bombs are tossed automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press and hold the ↻ button, and then select the number of rounds to be played automatically. During autoplay, the number of remaining rounds are displayed. Autoplay ends after the specified number of rounds, when you do not have sufficient funds for the next round, or when a feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing the stop button. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. Payouts: Prizes are shown on the coins displayed on the screen. Prizes contain values of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 15, 25, 40, 60, 90, 120, 200, and 500 multiplied by the coin value. The coin value is your total bet divided by 6. The tossed bomb must successfully explode in the fire pit to award a payout. Successfully exploding a bomb in the fire pit will award 3 to 18 of the prizes onscreen. Prizes accumulate and are shown in the win field. Bonus Symbol: The Coin showing the word BONUS is the Bonus symbol. Mystery Multiplier Feature: A random multiplier of X2, X3, X4, X5, X6 or X7 may appear on any round that results in winning 3 to 6 prizes and multiply all cash prizes won except Bonus symbols. Free Games: Win 3 Bonus symbols to trigger 10 free games. Free games are played automatically with the same bet that was placed on the round that triggered them. The Mystery Multiplier feature can trigger during Free Games. Win 3 Bonus symbols during the feature to win 10 additional free games. Free games can be retriggered an indefinite number of times. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.45%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A round, the round will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering round, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the round will be automatically completed, but further rounds will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/7/2025