Purple Hot 5-Reel 5-line Slots The objective of Purple Hot™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Paylines and the line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Reels can also be spun using the Auto play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically. Click on an option to start the Auto play function. During the Auto play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into STOP . Click the STOP button to stop Auto play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. SCATTER SYMBOL The Banana symbol is a SCATTER symbols in the game. SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on a particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to payline winnings. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT One of the possible wins in this game is the Progressive Jackpot, built up by all the Casinos that offer the game. A small percentage of each bet, by every person that qualifies for the Jackpot and plays this game in each of many online Casinos, is added to a common pot. When a player gets the right result, that player wins the entire Jackpot. After a Jackpot has been won, a new pot is started, with the Casinos contributing a base amount of money (called a seed). This ensures that even if you get a Jackpot result in a game right after someone else has won the Jackpot, you will still get a large win. If a spin results in Jackpot winning combinations on several active paylines, full Jackpot (progressive pot + seed) is paid for the first winning combination and seed value for every additional one. In this game, a player is qualified to win the Progressive Jackpot if playing with maximum number of active paylines (5) and betting with any of the four highest possible total bets. There are four different progressive pots, one for each amount of the total bet respectively. Players only contribute to the pot that they are qualified to win. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): 5,000 × line bet Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 2.00% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): 5 symbols of 7 on an active payline. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play Purple Hot™ slot game with maximum number of active paylines and four highest total bets. Please note: Due to communication delays two players may nevertheless appear to win the Jackpot simultaneously. In this case the first payout will be for the full jackpot value, whilst the second player will receive the reseed value. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: Unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 92.33% + 2% when qualified for the Progressive Jackpot and 92.33% when not qualified for the Progressive Jackpot. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020