Age of the Gods Glorious Griffin 6-Reel 4096-way Slot To play the game: Press PLAY on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME if you want to skip this screen in future. Press – or + to choose the total bet. Press TURBO OFF to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Pressing STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols anywhere on consecutive reels from left to right trigger a win. An exception to this rule is the GRIFFIN symbol. 2 or more GRIFFIN symbols on consecutive reels will trigger a win. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coin value is total bet / 40. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, put a cursor over the button AUTOPLAY , and then select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until Griffin’s Glorious Free Games or any Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press ← . Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the Paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. Free Games win = coin value of triggering spin × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. All Ways Feature 3 or more adjacent matching symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. An exception to this rule is the GRIFFIN symbol. 2 or more GRIFFIN symbols on consecutive reels will trigger a win. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The W symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. Scatter Symbol The FREE GAMES symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Griffin’s Glorious Free Games . Griffin's Glorious Free Games Whenever 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the main game, the Griffin’s Glorious Free Games feature is triggered: 3 SCATTER symbols trigger 8 free games 4 SCATTER symbols trigger 15 free games 5 SCATTER symbols trigger 25 free games 6 SCATTER symbols trigger 100 free games During Free Games , special symbols appear 3 times more frequently than they do in the main game. Additional free games can be awarded when 2 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere on the reels during the feature: 2 SCATTER symbols award 5 additional free games 3 or more SCATTER symbols award the same number of additional free games as above Griffin’s Gold: Ways Plus™ Any symbol, except WILD and SCATTER symbols, can be surrounded by blue fire. Any symbol surrounded in blue fire will expand to all 4 symbol positions vertically and horizontally if they will create or improve a win by doing so. A symbol surrounded in blue fire cannot expand over WILD or SCATTER symbols. Symbols surrounded in blue fire will not expand over a symbol that is already part of a winning combination if a lower overall payout would be created by doing so. Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: €50. Extra Power: €500. Super Power: €5,000. Ultimate Power: €100,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) of the base game without the Jackpot Contribution is 95.06%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 96.05%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €200 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020