Piggies And The Bank: Collect'Em and Link 5-reel 30-line slot The objective of Piggies and the Bank: Collect'Em & Link™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press TURBO to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Your win will equal your line bet multiplied by the corresponding value according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 30. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. Wild Symbol The piggy bank symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect'Em™ or any kind of Coin symbol. Collect'Em™ Symbol The symbol with words 'Collect'Em' on it is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reels 1 and/or 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 will collect all coin symbols - Prize Coin , Cash Coin and Free Games Coin - which landed on the reels on that spin. During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels 1 and/or 5 and a Link Coin or a Mega Link Coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Collect & Link™ feature is triggered. Coin Symbols There are 5 Coin symbols in the game: The symbol with the cash value on it is the Cash Coin symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games Coin symbol. For example, a +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Prize Coin symbol. The symbol with the word 'Link' on it is the Link Coin symbol. The symbol with the words 'Mega Link' on it is the Mega Link Coin symbol. Collect'Em™ Feature The Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on reels 1-5 during the Free Games , and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly. Note : Cash Coin symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games Coin symbols contain values of +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. When initiating a new spin, all the coin symbols will reset. Collect & Link™ Feature The Collect & Link™ feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on reels 1-5 during the Free Games , and the Link Coin or the Mega Link Coin symbol anywhere on the reels simultaneously. Press ► to start the feature. Once the feature starts, the Link Coin becomes a Cash Coin symbol with a random value of 2x, 3x or 5x the total bet, the Mega Link Coin becomes a Cash Coin symbol, and piggy bank prizes are added above each reel. Note: Any Coin that lands within the highlighted area with a multiplier will be multiplied by its value, except Prize Coin symbol. Note: All Coin and Collect'Em™ symbols lock in position for the entirety of the feature. The player is awarded 3 respins. During the feature, if a Coin symbol lands on the reels, the counter resets to 3. Note: Multiple Coin symbols can appear on the reels simultaneously. During the feature, the Mega Link Coin adds the piggy bank prizes above each reel. If the reel is filled with coins, the piggy bank above the reel breaks to reveal an additional prize: Cash Coin , Prize Coin , Free Games Coin , or the multiplier of that reel. Revealed additional Cash Coin , Prize Coin , Free Games Coin prizes are collected once, at the end of the Mega Link feature. The feature ends when the number of respins reaches 0 or the reels are filled with symbols. All prizes in view are collected once the feature ends. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Piggies and the Bank Free Games During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reel 5, and 1 or more Free Games Coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Piggies and the Bank Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games Coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games Coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games Coins symbol. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games , the Collect'Em™ symbol locks on the reels and shifts 1 position to the left for each spin until it exists the reels. Note : More than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol can be on the reels at a time. Note : Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. During free games, each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Coin , Prize Coin and/or Free Games Coin symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. If the Collect & Link™ feature is triggered during Free Games , when Free Games resume, all Collect'Em™ symbols are transferred to the Free Games grid. Note: The feature is triggered when the Link Coin symbol and the Collect'Em™ symbol land simultaneously on the reels. Note: The counter on the Collect'Em™ symbols remains frozen during the Collect & Link™ feature and resumes once the Free Games continue. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games Coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Nudge Feature The Nudge feature can only trigger on reels 1 and 5 during the main game. There is a chance the reels will nudge a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 or 5 on any near miss. Grand Prize During the Collect & Link™ feature, if the reels are filled with Coin symbols, the Grand Prize is awarded. Note: Grand Prize is an additional prize to all collected Coin symbols. Collect'Em™ Prizes Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reel 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games , and a Prize Coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect'Em™ Prize . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value: The GRAND prize value = total bet x 500 The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 200 The MINOR prize value = total bet x 50 The MINI prize value = total bet x 20 When Extra Bet is on: The GRAND prize value = total bet x 250 The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 100 The MINOR prize value = total bet x 25 The MINI prize value = total bet x 10 The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ is locked on the reels during Free Games . Multiple Prize Coin symbols can land on the same spin. Extra Bet Mode In the main game, you can activate the Extra Bet mode and increase the chance of triggering the Collect & Link™ feature. Press the key slider to turn the mode on or off. When the mode is on, whenever the Collect'Em™ symbol and any Coin symbol land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Coin symbol turns into a Link Coin and triggers the Collect & Link™ . Available only during the main game. When the mode is on, the Collect'Em™ symbol turns into the Collect & Link™ symbol. Playing in Extra Bet mode increases your total bet by 100%. Enabling Extra Bet does not change the line bet. Return to Player: The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the Standard Bet mode is 93.52%. The average percentage return to player (RTP) during the Extra Bet mode is 93.55%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 12/30/2025