Legacy Of The Wild 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of Legacy of the Wild™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. The number of active paylines is fixed and cannot be changed. Total bet per game round = line bet × 40 (the fixed number of active paylines). Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to see Autoplay options. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the AUTOPLAY button during an Autoplay session, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Free Games feature is triggered. Click on an option to start the Auto Play session. During Auto Play mode the AUTOPLAY button shows the number of auto spins remaining (unless you selected UNTIL FEATURE ). Click the AUTOPLAY button to stop Auto Play mode. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO page. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The Book of Wilds symbol is the WILD symbol. The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol to make the highest possible winning combination. There are separate payouts for combinations of 2, 3, 4, and 5 WILD symbols. The WILD symbol can form winning combinations, if these winning combinations pay out more than through the WILD symbol substituting. The WILD symbol also participates in the Book of Wilds feature. More information on that feature can be found in the relevant section below. GAME FEATURES Collapsing reels When the reels spin a new Wave of symbols lands on the reels. All symbols in any winning combinations will explode after the winnings are awarded. The remaining symbols on the reels will then fall down, filling in the gaps left by the removed symbols, and new symbols will fall down from the top of the reels. This is referred to as a collapse, and it creates a new Wave of symbols. A Wave may potentially create new winning combinations, causing another collapse that leads to another Wave. When a collapsing wave results in no new wins, no more collapses will be triggered. Wave-o-meter The Wave-o-meter is a column of 10 crystal balls at the left of the reels. The first winning Wave from a spin causes the lowest crystal ball to light up. Each consecutive winning Wave causes the currently illuminated crystal ball to dim and the crystal ball above it to light up. From the 11th consecutive winning Wave onwards the highest crystal ball remains lit and no other crystal balls light up. The Wave-o-meter resets to zero at the beginning of each new spin. 5 or more consecutive winning Waves trigger the Free Games feature. The number of consecutive Waves determines the number of free games that are awarded: Number of Consecutive Wins Number of Free Games Awarded 5 8 6 10 7 15 8 20 9 30 10 or more 50 Book of Wilds Feature During any main game spin, from Wave 2 onwards, WILD symbols can spread to 1 or more positions adjacent to where they land. The behavior for spreading WILD symbols in the main game is described below. On Wave 1 any WILD symbols on the reels do not spread to other positions. On Wave 2 any WILD symbols on the reels spread to the adjacent left symbol position (where possible). On Wave 3 any WILD symbols on the reels spread to the adjacent positions to the left and below (where possible). On Wave 4 any WILD symbols on the reels spread to the adjacent positions to the left, below and above (where possible). On Wave 5 onwards any WILD symbols on the reels spread to all 4 adjacent positions (left, down, above and right) where possible. On every Wave during Free Games any WILD symbols on the reels spread to all 4 adjacent positions (left, down, above and right) where possible. All WILD symbols explode when participating in winning combinations, just like all other symbols. A WILD symbol cannot spread if it was created from another WILD symbol spreading. Free Games 5 or more consecutive winning Waves trigger the Free Games feature. Click CONTINUE to begin the free games. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the Win field to the right of the reels. The number of Free Games left to play is shown in the Spins Left field to the left of the reels. On every Wave during Free Games any WILD symbols on the reels spread to all 4 adjacent positions (left, down, above and right) where possible. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Low Win Symbols , High Win Symbols , Collapsing Reels , Wave-O-Meter , Free Games , Book of Wilds Feature and Paylines screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info – Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines – screen illustrates the number of active paylines in the game. Line Bet – Increase or decrease the line bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Turbo Mode – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.06 %. Last modification date: 5/9/2023