Age of the Gods: King of Olympus - Fire BlazeX Age of the Gods: King of Olympus™ Fire Blaze Xtreme 5-reel, 25-line slot The objective of the Age of the Gods: King of Olympus™ Fire Blaze Xtreme slot is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The number of active paylines is permanently set at 25. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. On the entry screen, press ▶ to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. To close bet settings and return to the game, press anywhere on the screen. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated line and feature winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on paylAines, press i and scroll to Winning Bet Lines . Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎ . Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE which will spin the reels until a feature is triggered. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press i . To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X . Paylines: Active paylines are represented by symbol frames that appear over symbol positions on each reel as illustrated in the paytable. Line wins can form on any payline and must appear on adjacent reels, from left to right, starting from the leftmost reel. Line wins are multiplied by your coin value. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The Wild is the King of Olympus . The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Coin symbol and the Wheel symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols do not appear on reel 1. Coin Symbol: The Coin symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and Free Games. The Coin symbol can appear on all reels during the Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature . 6 or more Coin symbols in any position trigger the Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature . Wheel Symbol: The Wheel symbol only appears on reels 1 and 5 in the main game and Free Games. The Wheel symbol can appear on all reels during the Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature . 2 Wheel symbols in the main game or Free Games trigger the Wheel Feature . Any Wheel symbol during the Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature triggers the Wheel Feature . Wheel Feature: When 2 Wheel symbols land simultaneously on reels 1 and 5 in the main game or Free Games, the Wheel Feature is triggered. In the Free Games, a Wheel symbol contributes to a Wheel Feature trigger if it lands one row above or one row below the main reel array area. In this case, the Wheel symbol will nudge up or down to be included in the trigger. The reels will not be re-evaluated after the Wheel symbol has nudged. When the Wheel Feature is triggered, a single spin of the Blue Wheel will be awarded. Possible Blue Wheel prizes in the main game and Free Games are: +5 : 5 Free Games MINI : 20x total bet 10x : 10x total bet RED WHEEL : One spin of the Red Wheel +8 : 8 Free Games MINOR : 50x total bet GOLD COIN : Collect Feature . Possible Red Wheel prizes in the main game and Free Games are: FIRE BLAZE : Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature MAJOR : 200x total bet 30x : 30x total bet GOLD COIN 2x : Collect Feature with 2x multiplier +10 : 10 Free Games GRAND : 2000x total bet 60x : 60x total bet. The Wheel Feature can also be triggered in the Hold & Respin Feature . See below for more details. Once a prize is awarded, the Wheel Feature will be complete. Please note: the wheel represented in the game does not reflect the real wheel, and the odds differ from those in real-life scenarios. Collect Feature: The Collect Feature is triggered from the Wheel Feature . The Collect Feature may, or may not, be triggered with a 2x multiplier. In the Collect Feature , the Coin symbols on-screen are tallied. Any multiplier badges attached to the Coin symbols will not be factored in. If there are less than 5 Coin symbols on-screen, additional Coin symbols will be added to random positions until there are 5 Coin symbols on-screen. If a multiplier is awarded, all the Coin prizes will be added to the tally twice. The tallied value will then be paid, and the feature will end. Free Games Feature: The Free Games Feature is triggered from the Wheel Feature . The number of Free Games awarded depends on the Wheel Feature prize. During the Free Games, the Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature and the Wheel Feature may be triggered. The Wheel Feature may award additional Free Games . Free Games are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature: The Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature can be triggered in 2 ways: If 6 or more Coin symbols land in any position in the main game or Free Games or/and If the Fire Blaze prize is awarded from the Wheel Feature . Any Coin symbols that triggered the feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, are held in position during the feature. If the feature was triggered by the Wheel Feature , no Coin symbols will be held from the triggering game. 3 respins are awarded. Each unheld symbol position will spin independently. At the beginning of the feature there are 3 padlocked rows. Any symbols landing on padlocked rows do not contribute to any prizes awarded. Padlocks may be removed through the Wheel Feature (see below). When all padlocks are removed from a row, all symbol positions on that row will be unlocked for future respins in the feature. In each respin, Coin symbols or Wheel symbols may land in any open position. If a Coin symbol lands in any position in an unlocked row, it will be held, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. If a Wheel symbol lands in any position in an unlocked row, the Wheel Feature will be awarded, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. The Wheel symbol will not be held for the next respin. If multiple Wheel symbols land during one respin, the Wheel Feature will be awarded for each Wheel symbol that just landed. During the Wheel Feature , a single spin of the Blue Wheel will be awarded. Possible Blue Wheel prizes in the Hold & Respin are: MINI : 20x total bet MINOR : 50x total bet 1 LOCK : Removes one lock from the bottom-most locked row RED WHEEL : One spin of the Red Wheel MULTIPLIER BADGE : Awards 2, 3 or 4 random prize Multiplier Badges . Possible Red Wheel prizes in the Hold & Respin are: MAJOR : 200x total bet GRAND : 2000x total bet 2 LOCKS : Removes two locks from the bottom-most locked row/s COIN : Tallies all held Coin symbol prizes and pays them immediately MULTIPLIER BADGE : Awards 5, 6, 7 or 8 random prize Multiplier Badges . The Multiplier Badge will award multiplier badges to random symbol positions. These symbol positions may be locked, empty or held. If the position has no multiplier badge already, the multiplier value will be set to 2x . If the position has a multiplier badge already, the multiplier value will be multiplied by 2 (4x, 8x, etc). The multiplier value is capped at 16x. At the end of the feature, any multiplier badges on held positions will be applied to the held cash value. Multiplier badges are not applied to Wheel symbol prizes. If all available symbol positions are filled with held symbols (excluding Wheel symbols), and there are still padlocked rows, the lowest padlocked row will be unlocked. If all symbol positions are unlocked and filled with held symbols (excluding Wheel symbols), the GRAND prize is awarded. All Coin prizes shown on-screen are paid when all available positions are filled, or when all 3 respins have been used. The feature will then be complete. Buy Bonus: There is a BUY BONUS option in-game, where enabled. Buying a bonus will trigger the Fire Blaze Xtreme Hold & Respin Feature . Press the BUY BONUS button to select Buy Bonus bet level and confirm the purchase. Once you have confirmed the Buy Bonus purchase, the reels will spin, and the feature will be triggered. AGE OF THE GODS™ JACKPOT Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power : $50. Extra Power : $500. Super Power : $5,000. Ultimate Power : $100,000. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 0.99%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Mystery Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the casino), you will be notified of it by the casino. Return to Player: The RTP value is the theoretical return to player, calculated by dividing the total winnings by total amount bet from 1000000000 simulated game rounds. Progressive wins are excluded from RTP calculation. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.35%. That includes the Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 93.33%. That includes the Jackpot Contribution of 0.99%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during: A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/13/2026