Mega Fire Blaze: Piggies and the Bank 5-reel 50-line slot The objective of Mega Fire Blaze: Piggies and the Bank™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The entry screen displays the game’s features. Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press DON'T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Pressing the TURBO button in the options panel switches on or off the Turbo Mode thus turning on or off some of the win animations and sounds, and making the reels spin faster or slower. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■ . Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet divided by 50. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Gold Wild Respins , Free Games or Mega Fire Blaze™ features are triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the INFO button. To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. The total bet per game round is the line bet × 50. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet except scatter which pays in total bet. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Wild Symbol: The piggy bank symbol is the WILD symbol in the game. The WILD symbol can substitute for all symbols except SCATTER and coin symbols. Special Wild Symbol: The gold piggy bank symbol is the SPECIAL WILD symbol in the game. A full stack of SPECIAL WILD symbols trigger the Gold Wild Respins feature. Scatter Symbol: The bank symbol is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbol appears on all reels during the main game. During the Free Games feature the SCATTER symbols appear on all reels. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels during the main game trigger the Free Games . Gold Wild Respins: When a full stack of SPECIAL WILD symbol lands anywhere on the reels, it triggers the Gold Wild Respins feature. During the Gold Wild Respins , the stacked SPECIAL WILD symbol shifts 1 position to the left for each spin until it exists the reels. Landing an additional fully stacked SPECIAL WILD symbol on the reels during the Gold Wild Respins retriggers the feature. During the Gold Wild Respins , any cash coin symbol, that land on the reels, transforms into WILD symbol. A stack of cash coins transforms into a stack of SPECIAL WILD symbols and retriggers the Gold Wild Respins . The Gold Wild Respins feature ends when spin ends with no stacked SPECIAL WILD on the reels. Note: Individual regular WILD symbols do not lock on the reels. Free Games: 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 8 Free Games . During the Free Games , every SPECIAL WILD symbol landing on the reels will expand to cover the entire reel and trigger the Gold Wild Respins . Landing an additional 3 or more SCATTER symbols during the Free Games retriggers the feature. Mega Fire Blaze™ Feature: When 6 or more coin symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Mega Fire Blaze™ Feature is triggered. Each coin symbol that landed during the spin that triggered the feature, and that lands during the respins, will have either a cash prize, a key or a Star icon. Any coin symbol that triggered the feature, and the prizes that appeared on them, lock in position during the feature. 3 respins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position will spin independently. After each respin, if there is 1 or more new coin symbol, it will lock in place, and the number of respins remaining will be reset to 3. Every additional row is unlocked by collecting 2 coin symbols with a key. The values of any locked coin symbols on the 7th row are multiplied by x2, except Star coin icon. The values of any locked coin symbols on the 8th row are multiplied by x5, except Star coin icon. All locked coin symbols on the 9th row are transformed to Star coin . All prizes are awarded once after all respins have been completed. Fire Blaze Prizes: There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI. Any held Star coin icon will transform to award the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR or MINI prize. These prizes can be won multiple times in each Mega Fire Blaze™ Feature session. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.38%. The RTP value is the theoretical return to player, calculated by dividing the total winnings by total amount bet from 2000000000 simulated game rounds. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 7/26/2024