Rubik's Cube 5-Reel 25-Line slot To play the game: The entry screen displays the game’s features. Press the PLAY button to start the game. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the LIGHTNING button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the LIGHTNING button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the ⟳ button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the ⟳ button changes into ■ . Clicking ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the coin bet. The coin bet is the total bet / 10. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the button with a ► and an arrow around it, and use the slider to select the number of spins to be played automatically. Autoplay can also be set to UNTIL FEATURE , which will spin the reels until the Free Games feature is triggered, or you do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■ . Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the PLAY button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the coin bet. The coin bet is the total bet / 10. Maximum win limit: The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions. Scatter Symbol: The Rubik’s™ Cube symbol with the word ‘Rubik’s™’ on it is the SCATTER symbol in the game. The SCATTER symbols only appear on reels 1 and 5. If a SCATTER symbol simultaneously lands on reels 1 and 5 during the main game, the Free Games feature is triggered. Rubik’s™ Cube Feature: The Rubik’s™ Cube twists and turns on every main game spin. The symbol positions on reels 2, 3 and 4 correspond to the Rubik’s™ Cube located next to the reels. The Rubik’s™ Cube may show either a mixture of colours or one single colour. If the Rubik’s™ Cube shows a mixture of colours, and any of those coloured symbols land in the same positions on reels 2, 3 or 4 as shown on the Rubik’s™ Cube, those symbol positions become WILD symbols for that spin result. If the Rubik’s™ Cube shows a single colour and symbols of that colour land anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4, these symbols become multiplier WILD symbols for that spin result. Note: When the Rubik’s™ Cube shows a single colour, any coloured symbols that do not match this colour are removed from the reels for the spin. For example, if the Rubik’s™ Cube turns completely red it is not possible to land Blue, Green, Orange, Yellow or White symbols on the spin. Multiplier values are additive. The multiplier value depends on the colour of the symbol: Red Wild = x7 Blue Wild = x6 Green Wild = x5 Orange Wild = x4 Yellow Wild = x3 White Wild = x2 Free Games: Free Games are played with the same bet as the spin that triggered them. When a SCATTER symbol simultaneously lands on reels 1 and 5, the Free Games selection screen is triggered and the next Free Games mode is unlocked. Up to 6 Free Games modes can be unlocked. From the Free Games selection screen you can select your Free Games mode. Press PLAY to confirm and start Free Games , or BACK to return to the Free Games selection screen. Multiplier values are additive. Each Free Games mode awards a different number of spins and multiplier WILD value: White Spins – 10 free games with x2 multiplier WILDs Yellow Spins – 8 free games with x3 multiplier WILDs Orange Spins – 6 free games with x4 multiplier WILDs Green Spins – 5 free games with x5 multiplier WILDs Blue Spins – 3 free games with x6 multiplier WILDs Red Spins – 2 free games with x7 multiplier WILDs During Free Games , if a coloured symbol matching the colour of the Free Games mode lands anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4, it becomes a sticky multiplier WILD symbol that locks in place throughout the feature. Note: In each Free Games mode, coloured symbols that do not match the selected mode are removed from the reels. For example, in Red Spins it is not possible to land Blue, Green, Orange, Yellow or White symbols. Return to Player: The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.06% and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 96.1%. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . The maximum win from a single game is £249,585