Circuit Shock Circuit Shock™ 6-reel game with 4,096 ways The objective of the Circuit Shock™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: The game is played with 4096 ways to win. The total bet is equal to 10x coin value. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on a single spin. On the entry screen, press ▶ to start the game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press the + and - buttons to select a total bet. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet and press the button again during a spin to stop the reels. The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $450.00. In the case of a winning spin, the TOTAL WIN field displays the accumulated Ways, Scatter and Lightning winnings. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. For information on Ways wins, select i and scroll to General Rules. Press TURBO to enable/disable some of the win animations and sounds, making the reels spin faster or at normal speed. Autoplay: The reels spin automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press ▶︎. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. The Free Games Feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ◼︎. Paytable: To open the paytable, press i. To navigate the paytable, use the scroll bar. To close the paytable and return to the game, press X. 4096 Ways: Active Ways wins are represented by symbol frames that appear over winning symbol positions. Ways wins can form from matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel, according to the paytable. Ways win payouts are equal to the value shown in the paytable. Only the longest winning combination per symbol is paid. Wild symbol: The Wild symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol and the Lightning symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. Wild symbols do not appear on reel 1. Scatter Symbol: The Scatter symbol is the Pink Ball. 3 Scatter symbols in any position trigger the Free Games Feature. The Scatter symbol can appear in any reel position during the main game. Scatter wins can form from symbols in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Only the highest Scatter win pays. Lightning Symbol: The Lightning symbol can appear in any reel position during the main game and the Lightning Reels Free Games. Each Lightning symbol shows a cash value (0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x or 15x total bet) or MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND. These prizes can be paid in the Lightning Feature (see below). Lightning Feature: The Lightning Feature is triggered when one or more Lightning symbols lands on the 1st reel or the 6th reel. These triggering symbols will become electrified. All Lightning symbols that land next to (side-by-side or corner-to-corner) electrified symbols will also become electrified. After the reels stop, a Tally Meter will appear. All prizes on electrified symbols will be paid to the Tally Meter. MINOR prizes will pay 20x total bet. MAJOR prizes will pay 200x total bet. GRAND prizes will pay 2000x total bet. If there are electrified symbols connecting via the 1st reel and 6th reel, the symbols connecting via the 1st reel will pay first. Electrified symbols connecting both to the 1st reel and the 6th reel will pay twice. Free Games Feature: When 3 or more Scatter symbols land simultaneously anywhere on the reels, the Free Games Feature is triggered. At the beginning of the feature, choose one of: Lightning Reels Free Games Gold Reels Free Games Lightning Reels Free Games: 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols award 2, 3, 5 or 7 Free Games, respectively. During the Lightning Reels Free Games, there are more Lightning symbols on the reel strips. The Lightning symbol is the only active symbol during the Lightning Reels Free Games. Gold Reels Free Games: 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols award 6, 9, 15 or 30 Free Games, respectively. During the Gold Reels Free Games, there are more Gold Bar symbols on the reel strips. The Lightning Feature cannot be triggered during the Gold Reels Free Games. All Free Games Features are played with the same bet that was placed on the spin that triggered them. Buy Bonus: There is a BUY BONUS option in-game, where enabled. Buying a bonus will trigger the Free Games Feature by 4 Scatter symbols. You can choose 3 Lightning Reels Free Games or 9 Gold Reels Free Games. Press the BUY BONUS button to select Buy Bonus bet level and confirm the purchase. Once you have confirmed the Buy Bonus purchase, the reels will spin, and the feature will be triggered. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.51%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 94.51%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the Internet during A spin, the spin will be automatically completed, and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/17/2025