Ronnie O Sullivan Sporting Legends 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Ronnie O'Sullivan: Sporting Legends™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Choose your line bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons below LINE BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. To use Autoplay, you must first set the Autoplay session limitations. See below for more information about setting Autoplay limitations. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically . During Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into the STOP button. Click the STOP button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto Play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO and Menu page. AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm . To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit . ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO button. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbols to make the best possible winning combination on a winning payline. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol is the MAXIMUM BREAK symbol in this game. 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere trigger the Free Games feature. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on these reel. BONUS SYMBOL If BONUS symbols appear on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously the Championship Bonus is triggered. CHAMPIONSHIP BONUS If BONUS symbols appear on reels #1 and #5 simultaneously the Championship Bonus is triggered. To enter the Bonus game, click the CLICK TO START button and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up to begin the feature. You will be presented with a screen showing 5 snooker balls. Pick snooker balls to reveal cash prizes. If you reveal a cash prize you win that prize and advance to the next round of the Bonus game. If you reveal WIN ALL you win all cash prizes in the same round and advance to the next round of the Bonus game. Keep picking until you reveal COLLECT or win the championship, at which point the Bonus game ends. In the first round, there is no COLLECT symbol. In the second round there is 1 COLLECT item. In the third round there are 2 COLLECT items and no WIN ALL . In the fourth round there are 3 COLLECT items and no WIN ALL item. In the fifth and final round there are 4 COLLECT items and 1 big cash prize. Your win for each round is displayed in the ROUND WIN fields at the top of the screen. Your total win is displayed in the TOTAL WIN field to the right of the screen. At the end of the Bonus game, a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. 147 MAXIMUM BREAK FREE GAMES The 147 Maximum Break Free Games feature is triggered whenever 3 or more SCATTER symbols land anywhere during the same main game spin. To start the free games round, click the CLICK TO START button and then click CONTINUE on the pop-up. Each win during free games has a win multiplier applied to it. The first 7 spins have a x1 multiplier applied to any wins. The next 4 spins have a x4 multiplier applied to any wins. The final spin has a x7 multiplier applied to any wins. During the free games round, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the round. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win per free games round is shown in the Free Games Win field to the right above the reels. The number of free games remaining is shown above the reels. The current win multiplier is shown in the Multiplier field to the left above the reels. SCATTER symbols cannot land during Free Games; therefore, the feature cannot be retriggered. At the end of the feature, a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Daily Jackpot, Weekly Jackpot and Mega Jackpot The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. The central ticker shows the value of the Mega Jackpot. The Weekly Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Weekly Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. Any bet of any size can win the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot or the Mega Jackpot, but the larger a bet is the more likely it is to trigger 1 of these jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 2% of each bet placed. 84.5% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 15.5% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The seed pot funds the Daily Jackpot seed, the Weekly Jackpot seed and the Mega Jackpot seed. (The seed is the amount of money a jackpot begins with.) As the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot and the Mega Jackpot are funded by the operator, these jackpots do not affect the RTP of the game. Funds may sometimes be removed from the seed pot to fund other promotions. The terms and conditions of these promotions are available on the Casino website throughout the promotion periods. If the current Daily Jackpot is won before 21:00 GMT (BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker. If the current Weekly Jackpot is won before 12:00 p.m. GMT on Saturday (12:00 p.m. BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Weekly Jackpot ticker. Note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. If no game play takes place at the time at which a jackpot must be won (either the Daily Jackpot or the Weekly Jackpot), then that jackpot will be triggered by the first bet placed the following day. Game malfunctions void all payouts. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spins Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Click the X button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the info screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons either side of the screen enables navigating between the different screens. The Paytable screens show all winning combinations. The Championship Bonus screen explains how the Championship Bonus can be triggered and played in the game. The 147 Maximum Break Free Games screen explains how the Free Games feature can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates how ways work and explains the payout rules in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Line Bet - Increase or decrease the line bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin - Spin the reels. Auto play / Stop – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The average theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93 . 07 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020