AP McCoy Sporting Legends 5-Reel 243-Ways Slot The objective of AP McCoy: Sporting Legends™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME On the entry screen click DO NOT SHOW NEXT TIME to prevent this screen from appearing in the future. Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. This game is played with a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win. Choose your total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons next to TOTAL BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped, and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. As the reels spin, the SPIN button changes to STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the BONUS WHEEL feature or JACKPOT is triggered. Click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Auto Play mode, the AUTO PLAY button changes into a STOP AUTO PLAY button. Click this STOP AUTO PLAY button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed on the AUTO PLAY button during an Auto Play session, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. When the feature ends, click the CONTINUE button on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. Clicking the PLAYTECH POWER PLAY™ button opens the PLAYTECH POWER PLAY™ menu. Click the '−' or '+' buttons to choose your total bet, select Accumulator or Accumulator Plus to choose your mode, then click the PLAY button to start the feature. Alternatively, click the BACK TO REELS button to go back to the main game. More information on PLAYTECH POWER PLAY™ can be found in the relevant section below. The paytable can be accessed via the i button or via the Menu. MAXIMUM WIN LIMIT The maximum win in the game has an upper limit. For more information, see the Terms and Conditions section. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable which can be accessed via the i button or via the Menu. All way wins pay according to the values in the paytable multiplied by the coin bet. The coin bet is the total bet / 25. The accumulated winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL WAYS FEATURE There is a fixed number of 243 Ways to Win on every spin. Any combination of symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol, except SCATTER symbols, to make the best possible winning combination. WILD symbols appear on reels 2-5 only during the main game, WINNING LINE FREE GAMES and PLAYTECH POWER PLAY™ . During WINNING LINE FREE GAMES , WILD symbols can multiply wins in which they participate by up to 7x. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the symbol with the wheel and BONUS logo. The SCATTER symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Whenever 3 SCATTER symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5, the BONUS WHEEL feature is triggered. PLAYTECH POWER PLAY™ Click the Playtech Power Play™ button to open the Playtech Power Play™ menu. Playtech Power Play™ has 2 modes that can be played. The first, Accumulator mode , costs 10 times your total bet to play and consists of 5 spins with a win accumulator. During these 5 spins, wins on each spin are added to the Prize Pot. Wins on subsequent spins during Accumulator mode also award the current value of the Prize Pot. The second, Accumulator Plus mode , costs 20 times your total bet to play and consists of 5 spins with a win accumulator, WILD symbol collection and an extra Super Spin. During the 5 spins, wins on each spin are added to the Prize Pot. Wins on subsequent spins (excluding the extra Super Spin) also award the current value of the Prize Pot. Each losing spin collects 1 WILD symbol. On the extra Super Spin , all collected WILD symbols are added to random positions on reels 2-5. If WINNING LINE FREE GAMES is triggered during Playtech Power Play™ , the total win from the feature is added to the Prize Pot. If the Daily Jackpot, Weekly Jackpot and Mega Jackpot is triggered during Playtech Power Play™ , the win value is not added to the Prize Pot. Click '–' or '+' to set your total bet and then click on the Accumulator or Accumulator Plus button to select either Accumulator or Accumulator Plus mode. Both modes require a higher minimum total bet to play than a regular spin in the main game. The amount of money each mode costs to play is displayed on the buttons. Click the PLAY button to begin Playtech Power Play™ once you have chosen your total bet and selected a mode. Alternatively, click the BACK TO REELS button to go back to the main game. Accumulator Ribbon The Accumulator Ribbon appears at the top of the screen during the main game and is activated during Playtech Power Play™ . During the main game, the ribbon is not highlighted, and each segment displays the individual win amounts for the last 5 spins, with the most recent result appearing in the rightmost segment. When playing in Playtech Power Play™ the ribbon illuminates. Starting from the left, the Accumulator Ribbon consists of the PRIZE POT segment, 5 blank segments, a SUPER SPIN segment, and the TOTAL WIN . The PRIZE POT segment shows the accumulated value of every win during Playtech Power Play™ (excluding the super spin) or the combined total win value of the last 5 spins during the main game. The SUPER SPIN segment is active only in Accumulator Plus mode during Playtech Power Play™ . The TOTAL WIN segment does not appear in the main game and shows the current total win from the feature (excluding the super spin) during Playtech Power Play™ . Each of the 5 blank segments display the win value for each spin. If there is no win on a spin during the main game or Accumulator mode , the segment displays an X . If there is no win on a spin during Accumulator Plus mode, the segment displays a W . During Playtech Power Play™ the reels are spun automatically. On each winning spin (with the exception of the extra super spin during Accumulator Plus mode ), the win from the spin plus the current value of the Prize Pot is awarded. Losing spins do not award the value of the Prize Pot. At the end of a winning spin, the win amount from the Playtech Power Play™ spin (not including the additional win from the Prize Pot) is added to the Prize Pot. During the first 5 spins in Accumulator Plus mode, each losing spin awards an extra WILD symbol on a final Super Spin . The Super Spin is an extra spin played after the initial 5 spins. During this spin, every W in a segment on the Accumulator Ribbon will land onto the reels to overlay a WILD symbol on a random position on reels 2-5. When all spins have finished, a winning summary appears showing the accumulated winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Note: The Accumulator Ribbon does not appear during the WINNING LINE FREE GAMES . BONUS WHEEL FEATURE Whenever 3 SCATTER symbols land on reels 1, 3 and 5, the BONUS WHEEL feature is triggered. Click on CLICK TO START to start. Spin the wheel by clicking on SPIN . When the wheel stops spinning, the ticker will land on a segment that may: Award 5 extra free games (up to a maximum of 30 extra free games). Increase the WILD multiplier by 1 in free games (up to a maximum of 7). Increase the win multiplier by 1 in free games (up to a maximum of 7). Award a cash prize of up to 1000 times the total bet made on the triggering spin in the main game (or 1000 times the Playtech Power Play™ bet divided by 5 in Playtech Power Play™ mode). The centre of the wheel will then rotate to award another spin or trigger the WINNING LINE FREE GAMES . The maximum number of total spins that can be awarded on the Bonus Wheel in a single feature is 6. Click CONTINUE to start the WINNING LINE FREE GAMES round. WINNING LINE FREE GAMES During the WINNING LINE FREE GAMES , the reels are spun automatically with the same total bet that triggered the BONUS WHEEL feature. Free games are enhanced with modifiers awarded from the BONUS WHEEL feature. Wins in the WINNING LINE FREE GAMES are multiplied by the value of the win multiplier displayed above the reels. Wins featuring WILD symbols are multiplied by the value of the WILD multiplier displayed above the reels. WILD multipliers are multiplicative: if a winning combination contains more than 1 WILD Multiplier then the total win is multiplied by the value of each multiplier multiplied together. After the final free game has been played, a winning summary appears showing the accumulated winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. Daily Jackpot, Weekly Jackpot and Mega Jackpot The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. The central ticker shows the value of the Mega Jackpot. The Weekly Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Weekly Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. Any bet of any size can win the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot or the Mega Jackpot, but the larger a bet is the more likely it is to trigger 1 of these jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 2% of each bet placed. 84.5% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 15.5% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The seed pot funds the Daily Jackpot seed, the Weekly Jackpot seed and the Mega Jackpot seed. (The seed is the amount of money a jackpot begins with.) As the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot and the Mega Jackpot are funded by the operator, these jackpots do not affect the RTP of the game. Funds may sometimes be removed from the seed pot to fund other promotions. The terms and conditions of these promotions are available on the Casino website throughout the promotion periods. If the current Daily Jackpot is won before 9:00 p.m. GMT (BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker. If the current Weekly Jackpot is won before 12:00 p.m. GMT on Saturday (12:00 p.m. BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Weekly Jackpot ticker. Note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. If no gameplay takes place at the time at which a jackpot must be won (either the Daily Jackpot or the Weekly Jackpot), then that jackpot will be triggered by the first bet placed the following day. Game malfunctions void all payouts. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info Page: Clicking i opens the Paytable describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens. The PAYOUTS , PLAYTECH POWER PLAY™ , BONUS WHEEL , WINNING LINE FREE GAMES , JACKPOT , and WAYS screens give information on the rules and behavior of the game. Clicking the BACK TO REELS button exits the Paytable and returns to the game. Buttons: i - Open the Info screen that describes the different game components. Clicking BACK TO REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Total Bet – Increase or decrease the Total Bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reel spin mode. Turbo Mode – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the gameplay by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin - Spin the reels. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Skip – The SKIP button appears during Winning Line Free Games and in Playtech Power Play™ mode. This button allows you to skip animations, immediately display the spin result and can be used as a STOP button to skip spin and stop the reels early. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.03% and the maximum is 95.03% in main game. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.95% and the maximum is 96.95% in Accumulator mode during Playtech Power Play™. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 95.17% and the maximum is 97.17% in Accumulator Plus mode during Playtech Power Play™. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020