Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Batman v Superman Dawn of Justice™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. The number of active paylines is fixed (25) and cannot be changed. Total bet per game round = line bet × 25. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button and then click on an Auto Play option to start Auto Play mode. During Auto Play mode, the AUTO PLAY button changes into the STOP AUTO PLAY button. Click the STOP AUTO PLAY button to stop Auto Play mode. From the Auto Play options, select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until Batman v Superman™ Free Games , Dawn of Justice™ Free Games or the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTO PLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button . After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the INFO page. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS There are 5 WILD symbols in the game: regular WILD , Superman™ WILD , Batman™ WILD , Wonder Woman™ WILD and the stacked Doomsday™ WILD . Batman™ WILD and Superman™ WILD symbols appear during the main game, Batman v Superman™ Free Games and Dawn of Justice™ Free Games ; the Doomsday™ WILD symbol appears during the main game and Dawn of Justice™ Free Games ; Wonder Woman™ WILD symbols only appear during Dawn of Justice™ Free Games ; regular WILD symbols only appear when Batman™ and Superman™ WILD symbols clash. When a Superman™ WILD symbol and a Batman™ WILD symbol both appear on the same row during the main game (with the Batman™ WILD symbol to the left of the Superman™ WILD symbol), they clash to trigger the Batman v Superman™ Free Games feature. During Batman v Superman™ Free Games, the Batman™ WILD symbol appears wearing power armour. This symbol pays the same as the regular Batman™ WILD symbol. When the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol lands fully on reel #3 during the main game, the Dawn of Justice™ Free Games feature is triggered. SHIFTING WILD SYMBOLS Superman™ WILD and Batman™ WILD symbols are shifting WILD symbols. After either symbol lands in the main game or in Batman v Superman™ Free Games , they remain on the reels and shift across one position during the next spin. Batman™ WILD symbols shift one position to the right during each spin. When a Batman™ WILD symbol is on reel #5 it will shift off the reels during the next spin. Superman™ WILD symbols shift one position to the left during each spin. When a Superman™ WILD symbol is on reel #1 it will shift off the reels during the next spin. When a Batman™ WILD symbol and a Superman™ WILD symbol both appear on the same row during the main game (with the Batman™ WILD symbol to the left of the Superman™ WILD symbol), they clash to trigger the Batman v Superman™ Free Games feature. Extra regular WILD symbols are created when Batman™ and Superman™ WILD symbols clash in this way during Batman v Superman™ Free Games . The Doomsday™ WILD symbol appears as a shifting stacked WILD symbol in Dawn of Justice™ Free Games . During each spin in Dawn of Justice™ Free Games , the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol moves one reel to the left, until it reaches reel #1. WILD symbols are saved per bet amount. BATMAN V SUPERMAN™ FREE GAMES When a Batman™ WILD symbol and a Superman™ WILD symbol both appear on the same row during the main game (with the Batman™ WILD symbol to the left of the Superman™ WILD symbol) the Batman v Superman™ Free Games feature is triggered. Click the CLICK TO START button to begin the Free Games feature. Choose a super hero – Batman™ or Superman™ – and click START . During Batman v Superman™ Free Games , the Batman™ WILD symbol appears wearing power armour. This symbol pays the same as the regular Batman™ WILD symbol. When a Batman™ WILD symbol appears on the same row as a Superman™ WILD symbol (and the Batman™ WILD symbol is to the left of the Superman™ WILD symbol) the pair will fight on the reels. The symbol that loses the fight will shift off the reels, leaving regular WILD symbols in their path. 4 extra free games are awarded if the super hero you chose wins a fight and remains on the reels. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the TOTAL WIN field to the right of the reels. The number of Free Games left to play is shown in the FREE GAMES field to the left of the reels. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click OK to return to the main game reels. DAWN OF JUSTICE™ FREE GAMES When the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol lands fully on reel #3 during the main game, the Dawn of Justice™ Free Games feature is triggered. Click the CLICK TO START button and then click OK on the pop-up message to begin the Free Games feature. Doomsday™ WILD symbol appears from the right of the reels and stops on reel #5 during the first round of Dawn of Justice™ Free Games . Then the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol moves 1 reel to the left on every spin during the free games round. Dawn of Justice™ Free Games end when the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol reaches reel #1. When this happens, the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol turns into a double-stacked WILD symbol that fills both reels #1 and #2. When Superman™, Batman™ or Wonder Woman™ WILD symbols land anywhere to the left of the stacked Doomsday™ WILD symbol, they will push the Doomsday™ WILD symbol back to the previous reel. Each Super Hero WILD symbol that lands pushes the stacked Doomsday™ WILD back 1 reel. The Doomsday™ WILD symbol cannot be pushed further back than reel #5. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the TOTAL WIN field to the right of the reels. The number of Free Games played is shown in the FREE GAMES field to the left of the reels. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click OK to return to the main game reels. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot . The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand . The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): The jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot feature. The trigger that starts the jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The Jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking on a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Info page: Clicking INFO opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Payouts screens show all winning combinations. The Shifting Wilds screen explains the Batman v Superman™ Shifting Wild symbols feature in the game. The Free Games screens explain which Free Games features can be triggered and played in the game. The Jackpot/Lines screens illustrate the jackpot behavior and the paylines in the game. Clicking BACK TO REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Total Bet – Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the “+” or “−” buttons. Spin - Spin the reels. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Auto Play reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 06 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95 . 05 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020