The Dark Knight Rises 5-Reel 576-Way Slot The objective of The Dark Knight Rises™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is always played with 576 Ways to Win. The number of Ways to Win is fixed and cannot be changed. The Total Bet per game round is the Coin Value × 40 (fixed multiplier value). Choose your coin value by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button spins the reels with the currently selected coin value. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP. Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Autoplay function. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of auto spins. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to see the Autoplay options. Clicking on an option starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the smaller STOP button beneath the number of remaining spins. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). AUTOPLAY LIMITATIONS Before entering Autoplay mode you must set the Autoplay session limitations. The set Autoplay session limitations apply to only one Autoplay session in the current game. In the 'Responsible Gaming – Auto Play' dialog box, you can set the following: Stop Autoplay on overall loss of: (mandatory). The amount of money you can spend in the Autoplay session. If you reach the set limit, Autoplay will stop. Note that each Autoplay bet reduces the set limit, and each Autoplay win increases the remaining limit. Stop on single win more than: Checkbox and win amount (optional). Autoplay will stop if you win more than the set amount, on a single bet. Stop Autoplay on Jackpot win: Checkbox (optional). Autoplay will stop when you win the Jackpot. This limitation is available only for progressive games. To save your settings and start the Autoplay session, click Confirm. To return to your regular gameplay, click Exit. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO button. Way win = coin value × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. The accumulating winnings and all ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. ALL WAYS FEATURE There is a fixed number of 576 Ways to Win on every spin. 3 or more Batmobile and Batpod adjacent symbols or 2 or more Batman™, Bane™, Gordon adjacent symbols appearing anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel, will form a win. Wins are multiplied by the coin value. SCATTER symbols are an exception to the above rule. More information on SCATTER symbols can be found in the relevant section below. WILD SYMBOL The regular WILD symbol in the game is the Dark Knight™ logo. There is no separate payout for regular WILD symbols. Batman™ and Bane™ symbols can also become extra WILD symbols during Free Games. Regular WILD symbols, Batman™ WILD symbols and Bane™ WILD symbols only appear on reels #2, #3 and #4. WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol, except for the SCATTER symbol, to form the best possible winning combination. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the Reactor symbol. The SCATTER symbol triggers the Fusion Reactor Bonus when appearing on reels #2, #3 and #4 simultaneously. When 3 SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4 during Free Games, 5 extra free games are awarded. SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. STACKED SYMBOLS Batman™, Bane™, Gordon, Batmobile and Batpod symbols can appear as single symbols and in up to stacked of 4-symbol high during the main game and all Free Games modes. THE FIRE RISES FEATURE Fill reels #2, #3 and #4 with matching stacks of 4 symbols to trigger The Fire Rises feature. The size of the prize that is awarded is determined by the size of your total bet. The prize is then multiplied by two win multipliers that appear on reels #1 and #5. Each win multiplier has a value of 2×, 3×, 4× or 5×. The values of both win multipliers are multiplied together and applied to the prize. WILD symbol does not substitute for triggering this feature. The base value of each award is: Symbol Base Pay Batman 5 Bane 4 Gordon 3 Batmobile 1 Batpod 1 FUSION REACTOR BONUS The Fusion Reactor Bonus is triggered by 3 SCATTER symbols landing on reels #2, #3 and #4 simultaneously. Click the CLICK TO PLAY button to begin the Fusion Reactor Bonus. Click SPIN to spin the reactor wheel and collect a number of free games and win multiplier for Batman™ (in the blue pointer on the left side of the wheel), and Bane™ (in the red pointer on the right side). The current total number of free games and win multiplier collected by Batman™ and Bane™ is displayed to the left and right of the reels respectively. Keep clicking SPIN until one, or both, of the characters collect START. When either Batman™ or Bane™ hits START, you are awarded the number of free games and win multiplier collected by that character. If both Batman™ and Bane™ hit START at the same time, you are awarded the combined total of free games and win multiplier collected by both characters. The Dark Knight™ Rises Free Games is triggered when Batman™ hits START. Batman™ symbols turn WILD on reels #2, #3 and #4 during The Dark Knight™ Rises Free Games. Born in Darkness Free Games is triggered when Bane™ hits START. Bane™ symbols turn WILD on reels #2, #3 and #4 during Born in Darkness Free Games. Gotham City™ Reckoning Free Games is triggered when Batman™ and Bane™ hit START at the same time. Both Batman™ and Bane™ symbols turn WILD on reels #2, #3 and #4 during Gotham City™ Reckoning Free Games. Click CONTINUE on the pop-up screen to play 1 of the 3 Free Games modes listed above. During Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same coin value as on the spin that triggered the Fusion Reactor Bonus. The current free games round and number of free games remaining is displayed above the reels to the right. The total win amount accumulated during the feature is displayed in the TOTAL WIN field above the reels. The size of the win multiplier is displayed above the reels to the left. The win multiplier is applied to all wins during Free Games. When 3 SCATTER symbols land simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4 during Free Games, 5 extra free games are awarded. When the Free Games round ends, a winnings summary screen shows the total win amount. Click CONTINUE on this screen to return to the main game. DC SUPER HEROES™ JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot. The DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games that feature the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot, among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into each of the jackpots): 0.99% Win condition (the result required to win the jackpot): The jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot. Entering the jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for a jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot feature. The trigger that starts the jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the jackpot game guarantees a win of 1 of the 4 jackpots. The jackpot game contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the win pop-up together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. If a jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - T his icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the BACK button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking the INFO button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Payouts screens show all winning combinations. The Features screens explain which feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. The Ways screen illustrates the Ways to Win and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking Back exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: INFO - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (Paytable). Coin Value - Increase or decrease the coin value by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Autoplay mode, stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Autoplay mode does not end the Autoplay reelspin mode. Auto Play / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.75% that includes the jackpot contribution of 0.99%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020