Deadliest Catch Deadliest Catch 5-reel 40-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. To open bet settings, press the coin button. Press - or + above TOTAL BET to choose the total bet. Press the lightning bolt button to open the pop-up menu. Press the lightning bolt button in the pop-up menu to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. 3 or more symbols on a payline, on consecutive reels from left to right, trigger a win. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, press the Autoplay button, use the slider to select the number of spins to be played automatically, and then press START AUTOPLAY. During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing ■. Paytable: To open the paytable, press the i button. The paytable is scrollable. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Wild Symbol: The symbol with the word ‘WILD’ on it is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except Collect, Crab and Compass symbols. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more consecutive WILD symbols starting from reel 1. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). Collect Symbols: The symbols with ships are the Collect symbols in the game. The Collect symbol can land on any reel during the main game and the King Crab Spins feature. Landing a Collect symbol anywhere on the reels will collect the prizes on all Crab and Compass symbols in view and trigger the King Crab Spins feature. Crab Symbol: The symbols with a cash prize on them are the Crab symbols in the game. Each prize can be multiplied by each Collect symbol during King Crab Spins. Compass Symbol: The symbol with a wind rose is the Compass symbol in the game. Compass symbol awards 1 of 4 mystery prizes when collected. Each prize can be multiplied by each Collect symbol during King Crab Spins. Wild Feature: On any spin in the main game, there is a chance that the F/V Northwestern will appear above the reels and drop a buoy above 1 or more reels. A stacked Wild symbol will fill the reel the buoy floats above. King Crab Spins: The King Crab Spins feature is triggered by landing 1 Collect symbol anywhere on the reels in the main game. During the King Crab Spins feature, each spin each Collect symbol expands vertically by 1 position to the opposite side of the reels. Each Collect symbol has a multiplier value, that increases by each spin. The win multiplier on each Collect symbol increases in order: 2× – on the first respin 3× – on the second respin 5× – on the third respin Note: 5× is the maximum multiplier that can be reached. When Collect symbol reaches the opposite side of the reels, it spins off the reels on the next spin. Each Collect symbol collects and multiplies the prizes on all Crab and Compass symbols during the King Crab Spins feature. Crab symbols award a cash prize equal to their value when collected. Note: Crab symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x2, x3, x4, x5 multiplied by total bet. Note: When EXTRA BET is on, Crab symbols contain values of x0.3333, x0.6667, x1.3333, x2, x2.6667, x3.3333 multiplied by total bet. Compass symbols award 1 of 4 cash prizes when awarded: When EXTRA BET is off: MEGA prize value = total bet x 500 MAJOR prize value = total bet x 100 MINOR prize value = total bet x 20 MINI prize value = total bet x 10 When EXTRA BET is on: MEGA prize value = total bet x 333.333 MAJOR prize value = total bet x 66.667 MINOR prize value = total bet x 13.333 MINI prize value = total bet x 6.667 Each prize is a fixed amount based on the bet value. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Multiple Compass symbols can land on the reels simultaneously. During King Crab Spins feature values get multiplied by the current multiplier in view. Landing more Collect symbols will extend the King Crab Spins feature. The King Crab Spins feature ends when the last Collect symbol to land expands to the opposite side of the reels. Extra Bet Mode: In the main game, you can activate the Extra Bet mode and double the chance of triggering the King Crab Spins feature. Press Extra Bet to toggle the mode on and off. Playing in Extra Bet mode increases your total bet. Enabling Extra Bet does not change the payouts. Please note: The minimum bet in this game is $0.10 and the maximum bet in this game is $450.00. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) in the base game is 93.60%. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) during the Extra Bet mode is 93.61%. Note on disconnections: If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. Autoplay, the spin will be automatically completed, but further spins will not automatically commence. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Unresolved bets placed become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/21/2025