Lucky Bass: Mega Collect'Em 5-reel 30-line slot To play the game: Press ► on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also press on DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. To open bet settings, press the BET button. Select your total bet in the drop-down menu and press Confirm . Press the TURBO button to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO button again ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button changes into ■. Pressing ■ ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. In the case of a winning spin, the WIN field displays the accumulating winnings. On a given payline, only the highest winning combination pays while simultaneous winnings on different paylines are accumulated. Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Autoplay: The reels are spun automatically in autoplay. To display the list of options, hold the spin button, select the number of spins in the drop-down menu to be played automatically, and then press Start . During autoplay, the number of remaining spins is displayed. Autoplay ends when: The reels have spun the number of times specified. You do not have sufficient funds for the next spin. A feature has been triggered. You can end autoplay by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY . Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, scroll up or down, or swipe the screen. To close the reference pages and return to the game, press the back-arrow button. Paylines: This game is played with a fixed number of 30 active paylines. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the same symbol has to be on consecutive reels and appear on the same payline. Wild Symbol: The treasure chest symbol with the word 'WILD' on it is the Wild symbol in the game. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Collect'Em™ and any coin symbol. The Wild symbol can land as a stacked symbol. Special Wild Symbol: The symbol with an anchor and the word 'WILD' on it is the Special Wild symbol. The Special Wild symbol can only land during Free Games . The Special Wild symbol triggers the Dropping Wilds feature when it is collected. Collect'Em™ Symbol: The symbol with the fisherman is the Collect'Em™ symbol in the game. The Collect'Em™ symbol can land on reels 1 and/or 5 only during the main game, and on any reel during the Free Games feature. During the main game, landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 will collect all coin symbols - Cash Bass , Diamond and Free Games - which landed on the reels on that spin. Mega Collect'Em™ Feature: The Mega Collect'Em™ Feature is triggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on reels 1-5 during the Free Games , and a coin symbol anywhere on the reels on the same spin. There are 4 coin symbols in the game: The symbol with a fish and a cash value on it is the Cash Bass symbol. For example, a 3.00 symbol. The cash prizes depend on the player's total bet. The symbol with the +(number) on it is the Free Games symbol. For example, a +3 symbol. The symbol with the diamond on it is the Diamond symbol. The symbol with the harpoon on it is the Harpoon symbol. Each instance of a coin symbol awards you with the cash prize or the number of free games accordingly, or unlocks a lock in Free Games , when collected. If more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels, every coin symbol will be collected once per each Collect'Em™ symbol on reels. Note : Cash Bass symbols contain values of x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x3, x5, x10, x15 multiplied by the total bet. Note : Free Games symbols contain values of +2, +3, +4, +5, +7, +10. Free Games Feature: During the main game, when a Collect'Em™ symbol lands on reels 1 and/or 5, and 1 or more Free Games coin symbols land anywhere on the reels, the Free Games feature is triggered. Each Free Games coin symbol that lands awards the number of free games shown on it. If 2 or more Free Games coin symbols land on the reels, the total number of free games won is equal to the sum of all numbers on each Free Games coin symbol collected once for each Collect'Em™ symbol present on the reels. Press ► to start the Free Games feature. During Free Games , 5 extra locked rows are added to the reels. Each locked row has its own count of locks. Each collected Harpoon symbol removes 1 lock. When all locks are removed, the row unlocks on the next spin. Note: All symbols that land behind the locked reels will be disabled, will not be collected by the bubble and will not award any payouts. During Free Games , the Collect'Em™ symbol can appear on all reels and locks on the reels for 3 spins, whenever it lands on the main reels and first 3 extra rows. On the 4th extra row each Collect'Em™ symbol will lock for 5 spins. On the 5th extra row frozen Collect'Em™ symbol will stay in place for the rest of the Free Games . Note : Each Collect'Em™ symbol has its own counter of spins on the top-right corner of the symbol. Note : New Collect'Em™ symbols cannot land on the same position as an existing Collect'Em™ symbol. During Free Games , each Collect'Em™ symbol collects all Cash Bass , Diamond , Free Games and/or Harpoon symbols that land, awarding the respective prize once for each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels. Free Games can be retriggered by simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ and a Free Games coin symbol anywhere on the reels. Press ► on the winning summary screen to return to the main game. Collect'Em™ Prizes: Simultaneously landing a Collect'Em™ symbol on reels 1 and/or 5 during the main game, or on any reel during Free Games , and a Diamond coin symbol anywhere on the reels trigger a Collect'Em™ Prizes . There are 4 types of prizes that can be won: GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI . The GRAND prize value = total bet x 500 The MAJOR prize value = total bet x 100 The MINOR prize value = total bet x 25 The MINI prize value = total bet x 10 Note: Some of the prizes can come with up to x5 multiplier. The awarded prize is selected randomly. Each prize can be won multiple times if more than 1 Collect'Em™ symbol is locked on the reels during Free Games . Multiple Diamond symbols can land on the same spin. Dropping Wilds: During Free Games , the Dropping Wilds feature can be triggered by landing a Special Wild symbol. When a Special Wild symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels along with a Collect'Em™ symbol, a stack of Wild symbols will drop on the main reels - on the reel directly below the Special Wild symbol. If there is already a Wild symbol on that reel, the existing Wild will gain a multiplier. If there are 2 or more Collect'Em™ symbols activating a Special Wild symbol, each of them will increase stacked Wild multipliers values by +1. Multiplier values on Wild symbols are capped at ×3. Wild multipliers are additive. Cash Spreader Feature: During Free Games , the Cash Spreader feature can be triggered. The symbol with 3 coins on it is the Cash Spreader symbol. When a Cash Spreader symbol lands anywhere on the extra reels, the Cash Spreader symbol will spread up to 5 random coins or a Collect'Em™ symbol on the extra reels. Spread coins cannot land on locked reels or occupied positions. After spreading, a Cash Spreader symbol will transform into a random coin or a Collect'Em™ symbol. Bubble Catch Feature: During Free Games , a 1x1 or 2x2 size bubble can appear anywhere on the main grid. The bubbles move one position up every spin, until they go out of the screen. The bubble cannot go on top of the top position. When a coin lands on the same position as an empty bubble, the bubble catches it and moves it one position up every spin. If a bubble with a coin inside goes over one of the locked reels, it keeps that coin active for collection. A Cash Bass coin and a Dropping Wild symbol inside the bubble will be collected by each Collect'Em™ symbol on the reels until the bubble bursts or moves off the screen. Every Cash Bass coin inside a bubble doubles in value each time there is one or more Collect'Em™ symbols on the screen. If on the next spin a Cash Bass reaches a value worth X10 the total bet or more, it will transform into a Diamond symbol. Each Collect'Em™ symbol in view collects all Diamond , Free Games and Harpoon coins inside a bubble and then the bubble bursts. Any coin or symbol inside a bubble will hover over other symbols on reels, not substituting them. Fish Swarm and Harpoon Feature: During both the main game and Free Games , the fish swarm or harpoon can appear on any random spin. When they appear, they can do one of the following: Add stacks of Wild symbols. Add Collect'Em™ symbols or any other coin symbols. Increase the value of existing Cash coins up to a Diamond coins or Free Games coin symbols up to +10 value. BUY FEATURE: BUY FEATURE is an optional way to manually trigger the Free Games . The BUY FEATURE button is located to the left of the reels. The feature price depends on the bet amount. The feature price is displayed in the BUY FEATURE menu. Press the Buy Feature button to open the menu. Press - or + to choose the feature price and then press the BUY button. The Free Games feature will start with a minimum of 6 spins. If you do not want to buy a feature, press the Χ button. Note: The BUY button may be disabled if buying the feature will exceed the maximum total bet. The BUY FEATURE button will be disabled when the Extra Bet Mode is active. Extra Bet Mode: In the main game, you can activate the Extra Bet mode to double the chance of triggering the Free Games feature. Press Extra Bet to toggle the mode on and off. Playing in Extra Bet mode increases your total bet by 1.5x. Enabling Extra Bet does not change the payouts. Return to Player: The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.48% when the Extra Bet is inactive. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93.45% when the Extra Bet is active. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) during the BUY FEATURE mode is 93.47%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 1/27/2026