Top Trumps Football Stars 5-Reel 20-Line Slot The objective of TOP TRUMPS FOOTBALL STARS: Sporting Legends™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Before entering the game, you may change the image of the 5 highest-paying symbols. Click on the portrait of a footballer to replace this symbol. Click on the arrow buttons to cycle through the 30 available players. Select the new symbol by clicking on the player’s portrait. To enter the game click the PLAY button or X on the screen. The symbols can also be changed during the main game by clicking the REPLACE PLAYERS button. This game is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines. Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons below TOTAL BET . Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the FREE KICK RESPINS , WILD FREE GAMES or FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS features are triggered. During Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into the STOP button. Click the STOP button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto Play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button i and Menu page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed by the i-button or via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER and BONUS symbols are exceptions to these rules. More information about the SCATTER and BONUS symbols can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any symbol except the SCATTER and BONUS symbols to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from the WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD symbol standing in). SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol appears on reels #2, #3 and #4 only. Whenever 3 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on these reels simultaneously, the WILD FREE GAMES feature is triggered. BONUS SYMBOL The BONUS symbol appears on reels #1 and #5 only. Whenever 2 BONUS symbols appear anywhere on these reels simultaneously, the FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS feature is triggered. FREE KICK RESPIN FEATURE The FREE KICK RESPIN feature is a mystery on-reel feature that can be triggered on any spin during the main game. During the FREE KICK RESPIN feature, a football bounces on a random player symbol and turns it into a frozen WILD symbol. The football then shoots towards the goal above the reels. If a goal is scored, the reels spin again for free and the feature repeats, with all frozen WILD symbols locked on the reels. The feature repeats until the ball misses the goal. WILD FREE GAMES The WILD FREE GAMES feature is triggered by landing SCATTER symbols simultaneously on reels #2, #3 and #4. Click on the CLICK TO START button and then PLAY on the pop-up screen to begin the feature. After the first spin, and after every final free spin, a football bounces on a random player symbol (or frozen WILD symbol) and turns it into a frozen WILD symbol. The ball then shoots towards the goal at the top of the reels. If a goal is scored, a random number of free spins are awarded and the reels continue to spin, with all frozen WILD symbols locked on the reels. Free Games continue with frozen WILD symbols locked on the reels until the ball misses the goal, at which point the feature ends. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the WIN field below the reels. The total win for the Free Games round is shown in the FEATURE WIN field to the right of the reels. The number of Free Games remaining is shown in the FREE SPINS field to the left of the reels. The WILD FREE GAMES feature cannot be re-triggered. At the end of the feature a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Notes: If the same spin simultaneously triggers the WILD FREE GAMES and the FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS , the FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS will be played first, which will be followed by the WILD FREE GAMES . FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS The FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS is triggered by landing BONUS symbols simultaneously on reels #1 and #5 during the main game. Click on the CLICK TO START button and then CONTINUE on the pop-up screen to begin the feature. You will be presented with a screen showing 21 Top Trumps cards, face down. Pick 3 cards to reveal prizes. Each pick may award: A cash prize. A cash prize and extra picks (extra picks are added to the number of remaining picks). A win multiplier (the current bonus win is multiplied by the value of the win multiplier). WIN ALL (all cards open one by one; win multipliers are applied to the current bonus win when the multiplier is revealed). The number of picks remaining is displayed in the PICKS LEFT field to the left of the reels. The current total win for the feature is displayed in the BONUS WIN field to the right of the reels. The FOOTBALL TROPHY BONUS ends when no more picks are available or all cards are revealed. At the end of the feature a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game reels. Daily Jackpot, Weekly Jackpot and Mega Jackpot The Daily Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Daily Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. The central ticker shows the value of the Mega Jackpot. The Weekly Jackpot ticker shows the value of the Weekly Jackpot. The jackpot is guaranteed to be won within the remaining time displayed on the ticker. Any bet of any size can win the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot or the Mega Jackpot, but the larger a bet is the more likely it is to trigger 1 of these jackpots. The jackpots are linked to several games, which are available through multiple Casinos. The jackpots can be won by placing a bet in any of these games in any of the participating Casinos. For each bet placed, the operator contributes to the jackpot fund. Each contribution is equal to 2% of each bet placed. 84.5% of each contribution funds the current jackpots, and 15.5% funds the seed pot for the next jackpots. The seed pot funds the Daily Jackpot seed, the Weekly Jackpot seed and the Mega Jackpot seed. (The seed is the amount of money a jackpot begins with.) As the Daily Jackpot, the Weekly Jackpot and the Mega Jackpot are funded by the operator, these jackpots do not affect the RTP of the game. Funds may sometimes be removed from the seed pot to fund other promotions. The terms and conditions of these promotions are available on the Casino website throughout the promotion periods. If the current Daily Jackpot is won before 21:00 GMT (BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots may become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Daily Jackpot ticker. If the current Weekly Jackpot is won before 12:00 p.m. GMT on Saturday (12:00 p.m. BST during British Summer Time), 1 or more additional jackpots become available to win within the remaining time shown in the Weekly Jackpot ticker. Note: If 2 players win a jackpot at the same time, the 1st player will be awarded the seed and the progressive amount, and the 2nd player will win the seed together with any accumulated progressive part accrued in the time between when the 1st player won the jackpot and when the 2nd player won the jackpot. If no game play takes place at the time at which a jackpot must be won (either the Daily Jackpot or the Weekly Jackpot), then that jackpot will be triggered by the first bet placed the following day. Game malfunctions void all payouts. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance – Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier – Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money – This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus – This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games – Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured – is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games – When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off – Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu – Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History – Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options – Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help – Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable – Opens the paytable of the game. Click the BACK button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking the INFO button “i” opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows beneath the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. Clicking the BACK button exits the info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: INFO button “i” - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). REPLACE PLAYERS button - Opens the reference screen that selects different symbol images. Clicking the PLAY button or X exits the screen and returns to the game. Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Autoplay / Stop - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Turbo – Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Spin – Spin the reels. Stop – Stop the reel spin animation and immediately display the spin result. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The average theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 93 . 97 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020