Pharaoh's Secrets 5-Reel 20-Line Slots The objective of Pharaoh’s Secrets™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME Only active paylines can register line wins. Total bet per game round = line bet × active paylines. Choose your line bet by clicking '–' or '+'. Choose your paylines on the panel by clicking '–' or '+'. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. The reels can also be spun using the Auto Play function. Mouse over the AUTO PLAY button to display the list of options. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose the UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Pharaoh's Secrets Bonus and then the Free Games are triggered. Clicking the START AUTOPLAY button starts the Autoplay session. You can end the Autoplay session by clicking the STOP AUTOPLAY button showing the number of remaining spins. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Autoplay mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO button or via the Menu. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER ) to make the best possible winning combination. The WILD symbol doubles the win for each winning combination in which it participates. The win for a combination that contains multiple WILD symbols is doubled during the free spins (despite the presence of more than 1 WILD symbol). The WILD symbol becomes an EXPANDING WILD during Free Games. This means that if a WILD symbol appears on a reel after a spin and it is possible to have a winning combination by having a WILD symbol anywhere on that reel, it will expand to cover the entire reel. All places on the reel will be temporarily considered as WILD . All winning combinations that result from this will be paid. When the Xtra Win mode is activated, a WILD becomes an EXPANDING WILD in the main game as well (see below). XTRA WIN MODE The Xtra Win mode can be activated any time during the main game but only when the player bets on 20 paylines. To trigger the Xtra Win feature, click the Click to Activate button. Activating the Xtra Win mode invests an additional 50% of the player’s total bet in each spin. In return, a Wild becomes an EXPANDING WILD in the main game. In Xtra Win mode, the SCATTER wins are per the new total bet. Line bet wins are still per line bet. SCATTER SYMBOL SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results during main game, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, the Pharaoh’s Secrets Bonus is triggered. PHARAOH'S SECRETS BONUS 3 or more SCATTER symbols appearing anywhere on the reels simultaneously during the main game trigger the Pharaoh’s Secrets Bonus. The screen that follows displays 3 symbols; pick any of them by clicking it to reveal the number of Free Games that will follow. To enter the Pharaoh’s Secrets Bonus feature, click the PLAY button. On the screen that appears next, choose 1 of the 3 possible symbols. Once you have made your choice, the screen will then be replaced by special reels. The chosen symbol will then appear a random number of times on the special reels. The number of symbols appearing determines the number of Free Games won: Number of symbols Range of initially awarded Free Games 5 15 Free Games 6 18 Free Games 7 21 Free Games 8 24 Free Games 9 27 Free Games 10 30 Free Games 11 33 Free Games 12 36 Free Games 13 50 Free Games 14 75 Free Games 15 100 Free Games FREE GAMES To enter the Free Games round click CONTINUE . The WILD symbol becomes EXPANDING WILD during Free Games, regardless of whether the Xtra Win feature is activated. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Game win shows the winnings that were received from the spin that won the free games. Feature win shows the winnings that were received during the Free Games. Total win shows the aggregate winnings (Game Win and Feature Win added up). If 3 or more SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels during Free Games, the Pharaoh’s Secrets Bonus special reels reappear, and the process is repeated with the same special symbol you have chosen earlier. The number of Free Games is awarded according to the Bonus table. Free Games continue automatically. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same number of lines and bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games round. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94.00% in the regular mode and 95.00% in the Xtra Win mode. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020