Streak of Luck 5-Reel 50-Line Slots The objective of Streak of Luck™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel. Click '−' or '+' under the LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Each of the 6 fixed line bet values corresponds to a separate progressive jackpot (6 in total). The Jackpot field on the right of the reels displays the currently accumulated Jackpot sum depending on your bet. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected lines and line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Lucky Free Games the Dice Bonus or the Lucky Jackpot is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable , which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. SCATTER win = total bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except the SCATTER and the BONUS symbol) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). The WILD symbol can appear both stacked (one above the other) and non-stacked on all reels. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbols do not have to occur on any particular payline. If there are 3 or more SCATTER symbols in any position in the spin results, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. BONUS SYMBOL The BONUS symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only and triggers the Dice Bonus when appearing anywhere on these 3 reels simultaneously. DICE BONUS If the BONUS symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 simultaneously during the main game or Free Games, the Dice Bonus is triggered. You are awarded 3 dice rolls. Roll the dice for cash prizes by clicking ROLL at the bottom of the game window. Each roll awards a cash prize which equals the score on the dice multiplied by the current total bet. When the dice score is a double (e.g. two 3s, two 6s, etc.), an extra roll is awarded. The dice can be rolled up to 6 times in total. There is an extra payout called Lucky 7s. Scoring 7 twice awards 20 times your total bet and scoring 7 three times awards 200 times your total bet. Note: In the case of three 7s, only the 200 times award will be paid (and not the 20 times for two 7s). The win after each roll will be displayed on the meter to the right of the table. Note: If the Dice Bonus is triggered during Free Games, all wins received during the Bonus round are doubled. WINS COUNTER When there are consecutive wins (“lucky streak”), the steps on the meter to the right of the reels light up. When the 4th arrow at the bottom of the meter lights up, this will guarantee the first Free Games prize. The consecutive wins status is saved and later restored for every line bet, whenever you change the line bet or exit the game. When you have accumulated at least 4 consecutive wins and the following spin is not a winning one, the respective prize (secured by the last winning spin) is granted. Below are the numbers of consecutive wins and their respective prizes: Consecutive Wins Award 4 5 free spins with x2 win multiplier and 0 - 2 random Wild symbols per spin 5 10 free spins with x2 win multiplier and 0 - 2 random Wild symbols per spin 6 15 free spins with x2 win multiplier and 0 - 2 random Wild symbols per spin 7 20 free spins with x2 win multiplier and 0 - 2 random Wild symbols per spin 8 45 free spins with x2 win multiplier and 0 - 2 random Wild symbols per spin 9 60 free spins with x2 win multiplier and 0 - 3 random Wild symbols per spin 10 Lucky Jackpot Non-winning spins reset the wins counter. In addition, in case of more than 10 consecutive winning spins, the counter is reset but will resume counting until a non-winning spin occurs. Note: Only wins received during the main game and the Dice Bonus count as qualifying for the prizes whereas wins received during the Free Games round do not count. LUCKY FREE GAMES The Lucky Free Games are triggered when you get between 4 and 9 consecutive wins and your next spin is a non-winning one. To start the feature, click Play. During the Free Games, the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that won the Free Games. Win multipliers are applied to all wins from a given Free Games round. After all Free Games have been completed, a result board summarizes the winnings. Clicking CONTINUE will return you to the main game. LUCKY JACKPOT The Lucky Jackpot is a progressive jackpot triggered if you get 10 consecutive wins. Note: Only wins received during the main game and the Dice Bonus count as qualifying for the jackpot whereas wins received during the Free Games round do not count. There are 6 separate progressive jackpots, one for each of the 6 fixed line bet denominations. The higher the line bet, the higher the jackpot. You can change the line bet any time. If you change the line bet or exit the game while any steps in the consecutive wins meter have lit up, the game will remember the count (per line bet) and will restore it once you return to said line bet (or return to the game). Once the jackpot is won, the win count to the right of the reels is reset. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): 8750 × coin size Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 1.40% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Accumulate 10 consecutive wins (either from main game or from the Dice Bonus). Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play the Streak of Luck™ slot game. Note: In case you win the Lucky Jackpot while one or more other players are spinning for it, the player who first triggered the feature will win the full jackpot amount (seed plus progressive) whereas the other player(s) will only be awarded the jackpot seed. If you get disconnected in the middle of a game round, your game does not change the value of the Jackpot. The state of the game up to that point is remembered by the Casino; the next time you log in you can finish your game round with the same odds and without placing a new bet. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino client), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and button that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashire window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. The Paytable screen shows all winning combinations. The Feature screen explains witch feature rounds can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all possible payline combinations and explains the payout rules in the game. The Jackpot screen illustrates the jackpot behavior in the game. Clicking X exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Paylines: Active paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the Paylines screen of the Info page. Only active paylines can register wins. There is a difference between the line bet and the total bet. The line bet shows how much is being bet on a single payline. The total bet shows how much is being bet in total on the game round. Payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied by the line bet. The Scatter symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the Scatter symbol can be found above. Buttons : Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components. Lines + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the number of active paylines. Line Bet + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the bet per line. Auto Play / Stop Auto Play - Spin the reels a number of times in succession. / End the active Auto Play reelspin mode. Spin / Stop - Spin the reels. / Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. In the active Auto Play mode stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the result. Clicking Stop in the active Auto Play mode does not end the Auto Play reelspin mode. During a spin, the Spin button changes into the Stop button that stops the spin animation and displays the result immediately. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage is 93.56% and the maximum theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage that includes the Jackpot contribution is 94.96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020