Age of the Gods: Ruler of the Sky Age of the Gods: Ruler of the Sky™ 5-Reel 40-Line Slot The objective of Age of the Gods: Ruler of the Sky™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. To play the game: Press CONTINUE on the entry screen to enter the main game. You can also tick DON’T SHOW NEXT TIME to skip the entry screen the next time you play. This game is played with a fixed number of 40 active paylines. Press - or + in the TOTAL BET field to choose the total bet. Press TURBO MODE to activate Turbo Mode, making the reels spin faster. Pressing the TURBO ON button ends the Turbo Mode session. Press the SPIN button to spin the reels with the current bet. During the reel spin, the SPIN button becomes disabled. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Paytable: To open the paytable, press INFO . To navigate the paytable, press the arrow buttons. To close the paytable and return to the game, press the X button. About Payouts: Wins are calculated according to the paytable. Paylines are represented by lines that appear over the reels as illustrated in the paytable. Line bet = total bet / number of lines. Total bet = line bet × number of lines. SCATTER payouts are multiplied by the total bet. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, the value of the higher winning combination is paid. Winning combinations start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. Note: The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. Only the highest SCATTER win pays. Wild Symbol The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol, except the Scatter symbol, to make the best possible winning combination. WILD symbols are always stacked, meaning they appear one on top of the other. More WILD symbols are added to the reels during the Mighty Pegasus Free Games feature. There is also a separate payout for 3 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by WILD standing in). Scatter Symbol The SCATTER symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. If 3 SCATTER symbols appear in any position on these reels during the main game, the payout earned is multiplied by the total bet and added to any payline winnings. In addition, 5 Mighty Pegasus Free Games are triggered. Mighty Pegasus Free Games If SCATTER symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously during the main game, 5 Mighty Pegasus Free Games with additional stacked WILD symbols are triggered. To enter a triggered feature, press CONTINUE on the introductory screen. If SCATTER symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously during the Free Games feature, 5 more free games are added to any remaining ones. Free Games can be retriggered indefinitely. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The number of free games remaining is displayed above the reels. At the end of the round, a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Press CONTINUE on the screen to return to the main game reels. Age Of The Gods™ Jackpot: Age of the Gods™ Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot game. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot , among all online casinos that offer these games. There are 4 levels of jackpots that can be won: Power , Extra Power , Super Power and Ultimate Power . The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): Power: 20 USD. Extra Power: 200 USD. Super Power: 1,000 USD. Ultimate Power: 5,000 USD. Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): 2.00%. Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Jackpot game is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win. Match 3 jackpot symbols of the corresponding Jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot . A minimal total bet of 0.2 USD is required to participate in the Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot game screen contains 20 coins, each of which hides 1 of the 4 jackpot symbols. Tapping on a coin flips it and reveals the jackpot symbol. Once 3 matching symbols have been found, the player wins the corresponding jackpot. The Age of the Gods™ Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 second). If the player fails to find three matching symbols before the time runs out, the game is automatically played to reveal the player’s prize. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note : The seed and Jackpot values are in USD in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the casino. The mechanics of the Age of the Gods™ Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the casino), you will be notified of it by the casino. Note on disconnections : If you are disconnected from the internet during: A spin, the reels will display the result after you reconnect and any winnings will be added to your balance. A bonus feature or the triggering spin, you will be automatically directed to the feature after you reconnect. To see the outcome of your previous round after you log back into the portal, press the game history icon on the bottom toolbar. Malfunction voids all pays and plays . Last modification date: 4/22/2025