Batman and the Joker Jewels 5-Reel 25-Line Slot The objective of Batman™ & the Joker™ Jewels is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 25 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 25. Click START on the entry screen to enter the main game. Clicking SPIN spins the reels with the currently selected line bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Pressing the Spacebar key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games feature or the Joker™ Random Wilds feature is triggered. Mouse over AUTO PLAY and click on an option to start the Auto Play function. During Auto Play mode the AUTO PLAY button changes into the STOP AUTOPLAY button. Click the STOP AUTOPLAY button to stop Auto Play mode. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP AUTOPLAY button, unless you've chosen the UNTIL FEATURE option. To enter a triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, click OK on the winnings summary screen to return to the main game or resume the Auto Play mode (if there are any auto spins left to play). The paytable can be accessed the Menu or the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the Paytable which can be accessed via the Menu or the INFO page. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the higher winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The accumulating winnings and all Ways wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a Win popup opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOLS The main game features two WILD symbols: Joker™ Smile WILD and Batman™ Bat WILD . Joker™ Smile and Batman™ Bat WILD symbols can stand for any other symbol except the SCATTER symbol. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline. This is paid out instead of the regular symbol win if the win amount from WILD symbols is larger than the win from the regular symbols (by the WILD standing in). THE JOKER™ RANDOM WILDS FEATURE The Joker™ Random Wilds feature can be triggered during any spin in the main game. During the feature the Joker™ appears and randomly adds up to 9 Joker™ Smile WILD symbols to the reels. These additional WILD symbols remain on the reels for the duration of the spin. Note: Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games cannot be triggered during the Joker™ Random Wilds feature. STACKED SYMBOLS Batman™, the Joker™ and Robin™ symbols appear as single symbols and also in 2-symbol high stacks and 3-symbol high stacks on the reels during both the main game and Free Games. SCATTER SYMBOLS The game features 4 SCATTER symbols: Joker™ Right SCATTER Batman™ Left SCATTER , WILD SCATTER and BONUS SCATTER symbols. The WILD SCATTER symbol is a symbol with the Batman™ Vs the Joker™ image. It only appears during the Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games feature and randomly reveals either Joker™ Right SCATTER or Batman™ Left SCATTER .The WILD SCATTER symbol only appears on reel 3. The WILD SCATTER symbol can stand for any other symbol (except other SCATTER symbols) to make the best possible winning combination. The Joker™ Right SCATTER and Batman™ Left SCATTER only appear when they are revealed by the WILD SCATTER symbol during the Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games feature. The Joker™ Right SCATTER moves the marker on the multiplier meter one position to the right. The Batman™ Left SCATTER moves the marker on the multiplier meter one position to the left. The BONUS SCATTER symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. When BONUS SCATTER symbols land on these reels on the same main game spin, the Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games are triggered. BATMAN™ Vs THE JOKER™ FREE GAMES The Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games feature is triggered whenever 3 BONUS SCATTER symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 on the same main game spin. To start the Free Games round click the CLICK TO START button. During the Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games feature there is a multiplier meter above the reels with a marker and the following multipliers: x3, x2, x1, x2, and x3. The total win for a spin is multiplied by the multiplier covered by the marker ( WIN MULTIPLIER ) for that spin. Before the Free Games round begins, a screen appears where you can choose Batman™ or the Joker™ to add a x5 multiplier to the left side of the meter. Picking the Joker™ adds a x5 multiplier to the right side of the meter. Click the START button to confirm your selection and start the free games. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win per Free Games round is shown in the Total Win field to the right above the reels. The number of Free Games played is shown in the Games Played field to the left above the reels. During Batman™ Vs the Joker™ Free Games, the WILD SCATTER symbol may land on reel 3. After all wins are calculated, the WILD SCATTER symbol randomly reveals either a Batman™ Left SCATTER or a Joker™ Right SCATTER symbol. Revealing the Batman™ Left SCATTER symbol moves the marker on the meter one position to the left; revealing the Joker™ Right SCATTER symbol moves the marker one position to the right. When the marker on the meter reaches the END position the Free Games round is over. At the end of the round a result board appears that summarizes the winnings. Click OK to return to the main game reels. When returning to the main game, clicking the SPIN button stops the win ticker, displays the full prize and spins the reels. DC SUPER HEROES JACKPOT This game is linked to the DC Super Heroes Jackpot . The DC Super Heroes Jackpot is a multi-level progressive jackpot feature. It is accumulated from all players’ bets in all games which feature the DC Super Heroes Jackpot , among all online Casinos that offer these games. There are 4 jackpots that can be won: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand . The different jackpots hold different prize amounts. Seed (how much money the Jackpots start out with): Mini: € 100.00 Minor: € 1,000.00 Major: € 10,000.00 Grand: € 200,000.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into Jackpot): 0.99% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): The Jackpot feature is triggered randomly on any spin in a slot game featuring the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot feature guarantees a win. Reveal all the energy balls required for a particular jackpot or wait for the 30-second timer to run out. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play a slot game with the DC Super Heroes Jackpot. The trigger that starts the Jackpot game is random and can occur after any spin in any of the linked games. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the four jackpots. The Jackpot feature contains 20 cells, each of which hides 1 of 4 types of energy ball: green, blue, yellow and red. Clicking on a cell will reveal an energy ball. A jackpot is won when all the energy balls required for it have been revealed. The Mini jackpot requires 2 green energy balls, the Minor jackpot requires 3 blue energy balls, the Major jackpot requires 4 yellow energy balls, and the Grand jackpot requires 5 red energy balls. The DC Super Heroes Jackpot game has a timeout timer (30 seconds). If all the energy balls required for a jackpot are not revealed before the timer finishes then a jackpot is awarded automatically. Jackpot winnings are added to the main game winnings (if any) and displayed in the Win popup together with any other winnings. Please note: The seed and Jackpot values are in EUR in the progressive network and their value in your local currency is dependent on the currency exchange rate specified by the Casino. The mechanics of the DC Super Heroes Jackpot prohibit simultaneous jackpot winnings. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. If a Jackpot is being discontinued (a game is closed and removed from the Casino), you will be notified of it by the Casino. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money which you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real Money - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. Free Spin Bonus - This icon is displayed only in games in which you have bonus Free Spins available. Clicking this icon opens the Free Spins Bonus Panel . The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slot - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the Paytable of the game. Click the REELS button to return to the main game. Info page: Clicking Info opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrow buttons at the lower right-hand corner of the screen enables navigating between the different info screens. Clicking REELS exits the Info screen and returns to the game. Buttons: Info - Open the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). Total Bet - Increase or decrease the total bet by clicking the '−' or '+' buttons. Spin – Spin the reels. Autoplay / Stop Autoplay – Spin the reels a number of times in succession. End the active Autoplay reel spin mode. Stop – Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. The minimum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) is 94 . 02 % and the maximum theoretical percentage return to player (RTP) that includes the Jackpot Contribution is 95 . 01 %. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020