Jungle Giants 5-Reel 50-Line Slot The objective of JJungle Giants™ is to obtain winning symbol combinations by spinning the reels. TO PLAY THE GAME This game is played with a fixed number of 50 active paylines. Your total bet per game round is your line bet × 50. The number of active paylines is fixed and cannot be changed. The line bet can be selected on the BET OPTIONS panel at the bottom of the screen. Click '−' or '+' under LINE BET to choose the line bet. Click the TURBO MODE button to switch Turbo Mode on or off. When turned on, some win animations and sounds are skipped and the reels spin faster. Clicking the SPIN button or the SPACE BAR key spins the reels with the currently selected total bet. During the reel spin the SPIN button changes into STOP . Clicking STOP or the SPACE BAR key ends the spin animation and immediately displays the spin result. Mouse over the AUTOPLAY button and click on an option to start the Autoplay function. During the Autoplay mode the AUTOPLAY button changes into STOP . Click this STOP button to stop the Autoplay session. Select the number of spins to be played automatically or choose UNTIL FEATURE to spin until the Giant Free Games round is triggered. The number of auto spins left is displayed above the smaller STOP button. To enter the triggered feature, click the CLICK TO START button. After the end of the feature, clicking CONTINUE on the winnings summary screen takes you back to the main game or resumes Autoplay mode. The paytable can be accessed via the INFO page. ABOUT PAYOUTS Wins are calculated according to the paytable, which can be accessed via the Menu. Line win = line bet × corresponding multiplier according to the paytable. If more than 1 active payline has a winning combination, the winnings are added up. If 2 or more winning combinations occur on the same line, you will be paid the value of the highest winning combination. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be consecutive along a payline. The SCATTER symbol is an exception to these rules. More information about the SCATTER symbol can be found below. The accumulating winnings and all payline wins are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total spin revenue. WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol can stand for any other symbol (except SCATTER ) to make the best possible winning combination. There is also a separate payout for 2 or more WILD symbols on an active payline, as seen in the paytable. SCATTER SYMBOL The SCATTER symbol in the game is the 3x3 GIANT Game Logo symbol. If the SCATTER symbol lands fully on reels #2, #3 and #4, 8 Giant Free Games are triggered. Note: SCATTER symbols have no payout of their own. GIANT SYMBOLS GIANT symbols are 3x3 sized symbols that only appear on reels #2, #3 and #4. Any symbol in the game can appear as a GIANT symbol, except low-paying symbols. GIANT FREE GAMES The Giant Free Games feature is triggered when the SCATTER symbol fully covers reels #2, #3 and #4. Click the CLICK TO START button to begin the feature. At the start of the feature you are awarded 8 free games. During free games, all low-paying symbols are removed from the reels. All symbols on reels #2, #3 and #4 are replaced with GIANT symbols. All symbols on reels #1 and #5 are stacked. During the Free Games feature the reels are spun automatically using the same bet per line as on the spin that triggered the feature. The win for each spin is displayed in the Win field. The total win per Free Games round is shown in the Free Games Win field to the right above the reels. The number of free games remaining is shown in the Free Games field to the left above the reels. After the last free game has been played a winning summary message will appear. Click CONTINUE to return to the main game. Note: the Free Games feature can be retriggered. Casino toolbar The lower and upper edges of the game window hold the Casino toolbars. These toolbars contain a number of menus and buttons that allow you to change client settings or take advantage of the various features available in the Casino client. To open one of the buttons, click on it. The bottom toolbar contains the following: Balance - Your game window balance. This is the total money that you can use to play the current Casino game, consisting of your Real Money balance as well as all the bonuses available for this game. Deposit / Cashier - Clicking this button opens the Deposit / Cashier window, where you can make deposits and withdrawals, see your transaction history, etc. Play for Real - This button appears only in Fun and Anonymous modes. Clicking it will take you to the Real Money account creation page. If you already have a Real Money account, it will take you to the Play for Real Money login screen. The top toolbar contains the following: Games - Next to this icon is the quick launch menu. Mouse over any category to see the available games in that category. Click on any game to launch that game. Featured - Is a feature that enables you to find your next game adventure! It contains various game categories from which you can choose games to play. Slots - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Table Games - When you have found your desired game, click on the appropriate game icon to start the game. Sound on/off - Clicking this button will disable/enable sound effects. Mouse over the sound icon to slide open the sound volume slider, where you can adjust the volume. Menu - Mouse over this icon to open the Tools menu. The menu contains the following: History - Opens the game history window, where you can see the details of recent game rounds. Note that the history is unavailable in Fun and Anonymous modes. Options - Opens the options dialog, where you can change various gameplay settings. Help - Opens the help article that you are reading right now. Paytable - Opens the paytable of the game. Info pages: Clicking the INFO button opens the reference screen describing different game components. Clicking the arrows at either side of the screen enables navigation between the different info screens of the paytable. The Payouts screens show all winning combinations. The Feature screens explain the features that can be triggered and played in the game. The Paylines screen illustrates all the paylines and details the payout rules in the game. Clicking BACK on the lower left-hand corner of the dialogue window exits the INFO screen and returns to the game. Buttons: INFO - Opens the reference screen that describes the different game components (paytable). + and − buttons - Increase or decrease the line bet. Spin - Spins the reels. Stop - Stop the reelspin animation and immediately display the spin result. Autoplay / Stop - Spins the reels a number of times in succession. / ends the active Autoplay reelspin mode. Turbo Mode - Turn on/off Turbo Mode, available during the main game only. Switching to Turbo Mode speeds up the game play by switching off some win animations and sounds while making the reels spin faster. Note on disconnections: if you are disconnected from the Internet in the middle of the game, log in again into the Casino. You will be automatically directed back to the game and you can continue the game from the point where it was broken. If you re-open the game without re-logging into the Casino, the game will start from the very beginning. In both cases, your previous wins will be paid. To check the results of your old games or find additional details about recent games, click the History button, available in the Menu. Use your regular username and password to log in and check the outcome of previous rounds of both desktop and mobile version of the game. Note on malfunctions: a malfunction voids all pays and plays. Note on unresolved bets: unresolved bets placed become void after 90 days. Last modification date: 10/4/2023