Dwarfs Gone Wild About The Game Dwarfs Gone Wild is a 3x5 reel, 20 paylines video slot. Dwarfs Gone Wild features the Magic Mirror feature, and 7 special Dwarf features in the Free Spins Bonus. Theoretical payout is 96,38%. How To Play Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description Of Game Functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the TOTAL BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. While the reels are spinning you can quick stop the game by pressing the SPIN symbol button in desktop version or the screen in mobile version (where available). Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Bet line wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet bet line is paid. In Free Spins only the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all Free Spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the paytable, which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad menu. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed while Autoplay is active. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. Advanced Autoplay Settings (where available) The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session loss limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Fast Play (where available) The Fast Play functionality is used to get the shortest game round possible (not available on all Casinos). Fast Play is initiated from the ">>" button in the keypad. Desktop Version Settings In the settings panel at the lower left of the game you can choose: SOUND This setting allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. Use SPACE for spin This setting allows you to use your Space Bar on your keyboard to initiate game rounds. Show Splash Screen on startup This setting allows you to switch the Splash Screen on and off. Mobile Version Settings Player Controls HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. GAME CONTROLS are reached by tapping the GAME CONTROLS icon. Game Controls Access GAME CONTROLS to change TOTAL BET size and access the AUTOPLAY settings. n the side panel access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. PAYTABLE icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Game Features Magic Mirror Triggered when the Magic Mirror symbol lands anywhere on reel 3. 300 additional Snow White symbols added. Player awarded 2 respins. Magic Mirror symbol appears on reel 3 only in base game. Dwarf Features Feature Name Feature Description Rolling Wilds Wild symbol randomly placed on reel 3, 4, or 5. For every respin, Wild moves one position to the left. Spreading Wilds Places one Wild symbol, which explodes creating between 2 and 4 additional Wild symbols in adjacent positions. Throwback Wilds Places between 2 and 5 Wild symbols in random positions. Full Reel Wilds Creates up to 2 full reel wilds reels. Free Wild Places one Wild symbol in the BEST reel position. Extra Free Spins 3, 4, or 5 additional Free Spins awarded. Win Multiplier One or more winning spins multiplied by 2x, 3x, or 5x. Golden Minecart Bonus Meter Every win containing Dwarf symbols add to the Golden Minecart Bonus Meter. Larger Dwarf wins increment the meter more. Player begins with the meter filled 75% and one Golden Minecart. An additional Golden Minecart is awarded once the meter completely fills. Golden Minecarts unlock special Dwarf features when the Free Spins Bonus is triggered. Maximum of 7 Golden Minecarts can be earned. Golden Minecart Bonus is triggered automatically when 7 Golden Minecarts are earned. Golden Minecarts are saved automatically to the player's account when awarded. Logging off or closing the browser window will not delete or remove the earned Golden Minecarts. Golden Minecart Free Spins Bonus Triggered by getting 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Or, when 7 Golden Minecarts are earned. Awards 7 free spins. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering game. The number of Golden Minecarts earned in the base game determine the number of Dwarf features awarded. Awarded Dwarf features appear as icons displayed above the reels. An awarded Dwarf feature can randomly trigger at the start of each spin. Bonus Scatter symbol is not available during free spins. Special Symbols Magic Mirror Symbol Appears only on reel 3 in base game. Initiates the Magic Mirror feature. Bonus Scatter Symbol Bonus Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols award 7 free spins. Logo Wild Symbol Substitute for all symbols except Bonus Scatter symbol, and Magic Mirror symbol. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020