15 Crystal Roses: A Tale of Love Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules 15 Crystal Roses is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 20-Fixed paylines. The Crystal Rose (Scatter) symbols can land on ANY reel. On ANY spin, the Stacked Scatter feature can activate at random; all Crystal Rose (Scatter) symbols will be stacked 3-high. 3 or more Crystal Roses (Scatters) awards Free Spins. The Love (Wild) symbol substitutes for all symbols except Crystal Roses (Scatter). On ANY spin, the Love (Wild) symbol can appear as a Multiplier Wild. The values of the Multiplier Wild are: X2, X3, X5, X10, and X100. If the Love (Wild) symbol substitutes another symbol as a Multiplier Wild, then it will multiply the win by the Multiplier value displayed on the symbol. Only 1 Multiplier Wild per winning payline will multiply the payline win. During Free Spins, the aim is to collect Crystal Roses (Scatters) to increase the Multiplier Wild value for the remaining Free Spins. The Multiplier Wild is permanently active. The value of the Multiplier Wild within the Free Spins is determined by the amount of Crystal Roses (Scatters) that have been collected for the feature. This includes the Crystal Roses (Scatters) that triggered the Free Spins. +3 Free Spins are awarded for each collection threshold. 3+ Crystal Roses (Scatters) = 3 initial Free Spins with X2 Multiplier Wild. 6+ Crystal Roses (Scatters) = 6 initial Free Spins with X3 Multiplier Wild. 9+ Crystal Roses (Scatters) = 9 initial Free Spins with X5 Multiplier Wild. 12+ Crystal Roses (Scatters) = 12 initial Free Spins with X10 Multiplier Wild. 15 Crystal Roses (Scatters) = 15 Legendary Free Spins with X100 Multiplier Wild. After 15 Crystal Roses (Scatters) have been collected, Crystal Roses (Scatters) are removed from the reels and additional Free Spins cannot be won. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP -94.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 2/7/2023