13th Trial Hercules Abyssways Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. During FREE SPINS only: HERCULES symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. The wins pay from left to right, beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Game Rules 13th Trial Hercules Abyssways™ is a 6-reel game with 4096 payways. During Free Spins, up to 46656 payways become available. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. WILDS substitute for all other symbols, except SCATTERS. WILL OF ZEUS: The WILD can land anywhere on reels 2 to 5 and triggers the WILL OF ZEUS feature if 2 or more WILDS land in a single spin. During WILL OF ZEUS, each WILD that is part of a winning payway has a chance to transform into a full-reel EXPANDING WILD. The transformation chances depend on the number of WILDS that land: with 2 WILDS, each has a 50% chance; with 3 WILDS, each has a 33% chance; and with 4 WILDS, each has a 25% chance. Land 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTERS to trigger 10, 15, 20, or 25 FREE SPINS. Each SCATTER during FREE SPINS awards +1 re-trigger. Win up to 50 FREE SPINS! UPGRADED HERCULES: During FREE SPINS, all HERCULES symbols are STICKY and ignore reel gaps. HERA'S WRATH - ABYSSWAYS™: At the start of each FREE SPIN, a random number of symbols at the bottom of the reel will become burned. At the end of each FREE SPIN, all burned symbols will fall from the reel, reducing the total reel size. Between each spin, a new full row is added to the top of the reel, increasing the total reel size. PEGASUS: This symbol may appear during the FREE SPIN. When the PEGASUS symbol lands, all HERCULES symbols will move 1 step upward before the burned symbol positions fall. If there are fewer than 3 HERCULES symbols on the screen, PEGASUS will add more HERCULES symbols until there are 3. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 60000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round/Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables/Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) - Decreases the bet. Bet (+) + Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game Help ? Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound X Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 10/28/2025