1001 Mystery Genie Fortunes 1001 Mystery Genie Fortunes Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules 1001 Mystery Genie Fortunes is a 5-Reel Video Reel Game with 20-Fixed Paylines. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. Only highest win paid per selected line. The Mystery Symbol may appear on any spin. Each Mystery Symbols may reveal Mystery Wilds, Magic Lamp or Regular Symbols. During Free Spins, some of the Regular Symbols revealed by Mystery Symbols may appear with Lock that may trigger Instant Prize when activated. All Regular Symbols revealed will be of the same kind. The Mystery Wilds may only appear from Mystery Symbols. Each Wild revealed from Mystery Symbols has a chance of being enhanced by the Genie. When enhanced, it becomes Multiplier Wild ranging between X2, X3, X4 or X5. Two or more Multipliers on the same payline are added together. It substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Magic Lamp Symbol. The Magic Lamp Symbol may only appear from Mystery Symbols. At the end of the spin evaluation, it summons the Genie that becomes an Expanding Wild and this Expanding Wild will trigger a Re-Spin. When the Re-Spin triggers, a new set of Mystery Symbols are guaranteed to appear. The Expanding Wild will only stay in the reels in the Re-Spin that it triggered. If a new Magic Lamp Symbol is revealed from the Mystery Symbols from the Re-Spin, it will create a Re-Spin streak. The Re-Spin streak upgrades the Multiplier of the new Expanding Wild that will come from the new Magic Lamp that was revealed from the Re-Spin. In the event of the first Re-Spin streak, the new Magic Lamp will become an Expanding Multiplier Wild X2, this Expanding Multiplier Wild X2 will trigger another Re-Spin with Mystery Symbols guaranteed to appear. The Expanding Multiplier Wild X2 will only stay in the reels in the Re-Spin that it triggered. Since Mystery Symbols are guaranteed to appear on every Re-Spin, it’s possible for a new Magic Lamp to appear on every Re-Spin. The same process will happen when a new Magic Lamp appears, but on the sixth streak onwards, the Expanding Multiplier Wild can have at most X5 Multiplier. Re-Spins are capped at 30. The Mystery Chest is a massive Instant Prize that can award one of the 4 prizes: Mega – X1001 of Total Bet, Major – X100 of Total Bet, Minor – X20 of Total Bet, or Mini X5 of Total Bet. Mystery Chest may trigger anytime if Keys exist in the reels. The more Keys in the reels, the higher the chance to unlock the Mystery Chest. Keys can be found attached on Regular Symbols in the reels. It can never appear from any symbols revealed from Mystery Symbols. Scatter Symbols may appear on all reels. Landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatters in Base Game will award 8, 12 or 15 initial Free Spins. During Free Spins, landing 3, 4 or 5 Scatters can re-trigger for an additional 3, 5, or 8 Free Spins. Mystery Symbols during Free Spin may reveal Regular Symbols with Bonus Lock attached in it. Bonus Locks attached on symbols hold an Instant Prize that range between X1, X2, X3, X4 or X5 of Total Bet. The Instant Prize is only awarded if Keys exist in the reels. When triggered, the Instant Prize awarded by each Bonus Lock is multiplied by the number of Keys that exist in the reels. Symbols with Bonus Lock will function the same regardless if the Bonus Lock was triggered or not. Free Spins are capped at 40. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 1234 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 5/21/2025