3 Clown Monty Unfinished Games RTP: 96.23% If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules 3 Clown Monty is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 10-fixed paylines. When the Multiplier Meter is active, Wilds can turn into Multiplier Wilds with the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 and x25. Any wins with Multiplier Wilds multiply the win by the value displayed on the Wild. More than one Multiplier Wild on a winning payline will multiply the win by the value displayed on the Wild. Scatters can land on any reel; 2 Scatters trigger Dealers Choice, and 3 or more trigger Free Spins. Dealers Choice randomly awards a Scatter or 2 - 6 Wilds. If the Multiplier Meter is active, Wilds added by Dealers Choice can be Multiplier Wilds. 3 Scatters awards a Pick Feature where 5, 7 or 9 Free Spins can be randomly won; 4 Scatters randomly awards between 7, 9 or 10 Free Spins; 5 Scatters randomly awards between 9, 10 or 12 Free Spins. During Free Spins, all Wilds are Multiplier Wilds and the Multiplier Meter is always active. During Free Spins, 2 Scatters awards a Pick Feature where 4, 5 or 6 Monty Spins can be randomly won; 3 Scatters randomly awards between 5, 6 or 7 Monty Spins; 4 Scatters randomly awards between 6, 7 or 8 Monty Spins; 5 Scatters randomly awards between 7, 8 or 9 Monty Spins. During Monty Spins, all Multiplier Wilds are Sticky. The Multiplier Meter value active on the triggering Free Spin will be fixed for the duration of the Monty Spins. There is a single chance to win +3 Monty Spins or return to Free Spins at the end of each Monty Spin session. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 3/28/2023