Agent Destiny Agent Destiny Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Agent Destiny is a 5-reel video slot machine with 20 fixed paylines. LINKED REELS can activate on any spin. Adjacent reels will display identical symbols. This can occur on reels 4 and 5, or reels 3, 4, and 5. A single FREE SPIN is awarded, where the symbols on the rightmost reels move to the leftmost reel. Identical symbols will then occur on the rightmost reels on the FREE SPIN. All character symbols and the SAFE WILD may appear as MEGA SYMBOLS on the reels during the feature, or by merging when stacks of the same symbols are on adjacent reels. Different sized symbols of the same type form wins on the payline. 3 WILD SCATTER symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger 9 FREE SPINS. Identical symbols appear on every FREE SPIN. The identical symbols on the rightmost reels will move to the leftmost reels on the next FREE SPIN. Landing WILD SCATTER symbols during FREE SPINS award +1 additional FREE SPIN. The maximum number of free spins is 25. The RTP is 96.26%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/2/2022