Annihilator Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Annihilator is a 5-reel video slot machine with 10 fixed paylines. A selection of hit songs from the band Annihilator are available via the PLAYLIST. The Wild symbol (Jeff Waters) substitutes for all symbols, except the Scatter and Bonus symbols. The Scatter symbol only appears on Reels 1, 3 and 5. The Bonus symbol only appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4. The ‘In Command’ feature is randomly triggered in the base game. If triggered, any Wild symbol that appears on the reels will expand to fully occupy the respective reel(s), substituting for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus. If the spin yields no win and/or feature trigger, one re-spin is awarded. Previously expanded Wild symbols remain in place, and the other available reels will spin to provide new symbols. Additional re-spins are awarded until a winning combination and/or feature trigger is awarded. The feature is not active during Free Spins. The ‘Fun Palace’ feature is activated with 3 Bonus symbols. Pick doll symbols to reveal hidden prizes, until an end prize is selected. When finding cash prizes worth 1x, 2x, 3x and 5x the total bet, the win is collected, and you can select another doll. When finding cash prizes worth 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x and 50x the total bet, the win is collected, and the feature will end. When finding the Scatter symbol, the feature will end and the ‘Set the World on Fire’ feature is triggered immediately. The ‘Set the World on Fire’ feature is activated with 3 Scatter symbols, or via the ‘Fun Palace’ feature. An initial 8 Free Spins are awarded. An Expanded Wild is always visible during the feature, substituting for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. The Bonus symbol does not appear in Free Spins. Before each Free Spin, the Expanded Wild moves sideways (left or right) a random number of reels. The movement will highlight symbols, by creating a trail of fire. The trail of fire can either be 1 or 3 symbols in height. A Wild symbol landing on a highlighted symbol transforms the entire trail of fire into additional Wild symbols. During Free Spins, each Scatter symbol awards 2 additional Free Spins – up to a maximum of 50 Free Spins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.20% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.