Animal Madness Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Animal Madness is a 5x5 cascading video slot game. When winning combinations – 4 or more adjacently connected symbols – are removed from the grid, new symbols fall to fill the gaps, this is known as a cascade. Each cascade grows the Sunflower. Every third cascade will trigger a feature until all four features have been triggered. 3 cascades award 3 1x2 Wilds that will be added to the grid. 6 cascades award a 2x3 Wild that will be added to the grid. 9 cascades award two 2x2 Wilds that will be added to the grid, and all symbols will have their pay-outs doubled. 12 cascades award a 3x3 Wild that will be added to the grid. On non-winning spins, 1 of 3 Rabbit Destruction features can randomly be triggered. The first will remove 3 rows of symbols from the grid. The second will remove three columns of symbols from the grid. The third will remove all vegetable and crop symbols from the grid. The average RTP is 94.23%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 1/31/2023