Alice Cooper and the Tome of Madness Alice Cooper and the Tome of Madness Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Alice Cooper and the Tome of Madness is a cascading video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. On a non-winning spin, there's a chance for 1 of 4 Reality Effects to be triggered: Insane Asylum - Transform all High Pays into the same High Pay; The Dungeon - Transforms all Low Pays into different High Pays; Chamber of Horrors - Destroys symbols, leaving behind Wilds; Temptation Room - Adds a Wild and transforms symbols into the same symbol. Collect 3 Keys on the grid in a single spin to unlock the Alice Cooper Mega Wild. When a Key is collected it leaves behind a Wild. When triggered and there are no more wins, the Mega Wild is added to either reels 2, 3 or 4. Once landed, it chooses to walk either left or right and continues between cascades until it walks off the grid. Winning symbols charge the Hat of Madness. 5 symbol thresholds trigger features when hit: 10 symbols to get 1 – 2 Wilds added on the subsequent cascade and spread across the grid; 25 symbols to get 3 – 6 Wilds added on the subsequent cascade and spread across the grid; 50 symbols to get 3 Reality Spins; 75 symbols to get 3 Reality Spins with a x2 Multiplier; 85 symbols to get 3 Reality Spins with a x5 Multiplier. Only the highest tier of Reality Spins is awarded. If Reality Spins are triggered, the game transitions to the selection menu when there are no more wins. Choose 1 of 4 Reality Spins, including Insane Asylum; The Dungeon; Chamber of Horrors; Temptation Room. Each choice has its own version of Alice Cooper and Reality Effect tied to the Reality. The respective Reality Effect will be triggered at the end of each of the 3 Reality Spins. Before the game transitions to Reality Spins, the Alice Cooper Mega Wild is reset. During Reality Spins, the Alice Cooper Mega Wild can be triggered on each spin; every time it moves, there is a chance for 3 – 6 additional Wilds to be added to the grid. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum amount of 30000 {CURRENCY}. UI Buttons Spin / Stop Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Last modification date: 11/29/2022