Ankh of Anubis Ankh of Anubis Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Ankh of Anubis is a 5-reel video slot played with 576 payways, paying left to right. Ankh of Anubis includes a wild symbol (Anubis), a scatter symbol (Pyramid), the Ankh and other treasures as the high-paying symbols, and royals as the low-paying symbols. The Wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol, except the scatter symbol to help create winning combinations. The Anubis Wilds feature is triggered randomly on any spin in the base game. When triggered, wild symbol(s) are added while the reels are still spinning. This feature does not guarantee any winning combination. The Free Spins are triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols have landed on the reels. 3 Scatters award 10 Free Spins, 4 Scatters award 15 Free Spins and 5 Scatters award 20 Free Spins. Collecting five Ankh symbols will trigger the Anubis Wilds feature in Free Spins. When the required number of Ankhs has been reached, Wild symbols will be added to the reels to help create winning combinations. The effect plays at the end of the spin. Results will be calculated and paid accordingly. Collection of the Ankhs carries over multiple game rounds during Free Spins. The collection meter resets at the end of the feature. Free Spins can be extended when the scatter symbol lands on the reels. 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols landing on the reels will award an additional 3, 4, or 5 free spins respectively. The maximum number of Free Spins is 100. The RTP is 96.20%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/26/2022