Ankh of Anubis Awakening Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Ankh of Anubis Awakening is a 5-reel video slot machine with up to 576 ways to win. ANUBIS is a WILD symbol and can land on any reel. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for the SCATTER symbol, to help create winning combinations. The ANUBIS WILD feature is triggered randomly on any spin in the Base Game. When activated, 4-8 WILD symbols are added while the reels are still spinning. This feature does not guarantee any winning combination. SCATTER and WILD symbols appearing on non-winning payways trigger the ANUBIS RE-SPIN feature. During the feature, all WILD symbols stay on the reels and are spread vertically up/down until they cover the entire reel. The fully visible WILD symbol is removed on the next RE-SPIN. During the feature, no new WILD symbol can land on the reels. Up to 3 RE-SPINS are granted, depending on the WILD symbol landing position. The feature is completed when all WILD symbols are fully visible on the reels. ANUBIS WILDS and FREE SPINS cannot be triggered during the feature. When FREE SPINS is triggered simultaneously with the ANUBIS RE-SPIN feature, the FREE SPINS starts after the ANUBIS RE-SPIN feature. Ankh is a SCATTER symbol and can land on any reel. Land 3, 4 or 5 SCATTERS for 10, 15 or 20 FREE SPINS, respectively. Collecting five Ankh symbols in the collection meter will trigger the ANUBIS WILD feature during FREE SPINS. When the required number of Ankh has been reached, WILD symbols will be added to the reels to help create winning combinations. The Ankhs collection carries over multiple game rounds during FREE SPINS. The Ankh collection meter resets at the end of the FREE SPINS. The WILD symbol appearing on the reels during the FREE SPINS triggers the ANUBIS RE-SPIN feature. The Ankh symbol does not land and cannot be collected during the ANUBIS RE-SPIN feature. FREE SPINS resumes when the ANUBIS RE-SPIN feature ends. FREE SPINS can be extended when the SCATTER symbol lands on the reels. 3, 4, or 5 SCATTER symbols landing on the reels will award additional 3, 4, or 5 FREE SPINS, respectively. The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 500. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 576 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 20.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 15000 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 1/15/2025