Black Mamba Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Black Mamba is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning symbols are removed after collected, and the remaining drop down to possibly form new wins. Martina symbol appears in the middle of 3 band member win symbols and a Wild symbol appears in the middle of 3 other win symbols, when the symbols disappear. Win multiplier increases with each new drop. Solo features have a chance to trigger on non-winning spins in the base game but are activated on each non-winning spin during Free Spins. Depending on the band member active, a different ability is performed. There are 4 abilities, 1 for each band member. Alexandra: Two sets of symbols are destroyed and removed from the grid. Cecilia: One or two Wild symbols will be added to the grid. Fred: One set of symbols is transformed into another symbol. Martina: Bottom row is destroyed, except Wilds, and a Martina symbol is created in place of a band member symbol. If there is no band member symbol on the row, no Wild is created. Activates only in Concert and on each spin in Free Spins. Charge meter is filled by the wins of Alexandra, Cecilia and Fred, but Wild symbols taking part are not counted! It has 6 sections and is filled by 1 for each symbol. 4 charges activate Concert, and 6 overcharge it! The win multiplier is carried over into Concert on overcharge! If Concert is activated, the win multiplier resets unless triggered with the meter overcharged, and consecutive Solos play one after the other. The order is always the same: Alexandra - Cecilia - Fred – Martina. When there are no further wins after a drop, a band member performs the Solo and the game continues. This sequence is repeated until all Solos have been performed. The active band member on-screen changes when the Concert ends. Clearing the whole grid activates Free Spins. The active band member plays the Solo on each non-winning spin, but Martina plays it on every spin! The win multiplier resets between rounds to the number carried over from the activating spin but is unlimited! Only Free Spins are played out if Free Spins and Concert are triggered simultaneously! Free Spins can be extended by charging up the on-screen meter, with the same rules as described previously. An overcharge of 6 symbols awards 4 spins, and 4-5 charges award 2. Concert can be activated during Free Spins and clearing the full grid awards an instant prize of 50x total bet! When only Wild symbols remain on the grid, they are removed to help trigger Free Spins! The RTP is 96.50%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Bet Range Min Bet : 0.20 Max Bet : 100 Last modification date: 5/23/2023