Big Win 777 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Big Win 777 is a 5-Reel video slot machine with 15-fixed paylines. The Scatter can land on Reels 1, 3, and 5. The Wild can land on ANY reel; this symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the Scatter. The reel is setup in authentic classic slot style. On ANY spin the BOOSTER SPIN has a chance to trigger. When the BOOSTER SPIN is active you are more likely to land 3 Scatters than any other spin. The BOOSTER SPIN is not active in FREE SPINS. If 3 Scatters land on ANY spin, then the CHANCE WHEEL will be triggered. The CHANCE WHEEL can award the following multiplication of the bet staked: 5, 7, 22, 33, 55, 77, or 777. The CHANCE wheel can also award FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS are awarded via the CHANCE WHEEL. 12 initial Free Spins are awarded and more can be rewarded during any Free Spin. Landing 1 Scatter awards +1 Free Spin. Landing 2 Scatters awards +2 Free Spins. Landing 3 Scatters awards the CHANCE WHEEL, where the same awards are active, as well as +5, +10 or +20 additional Free Spins. During the FREE SPINS feature, if a Wild lands on ANY reel it will stick and remain on the reel for the next 2 Free Spins. Over the course of the next 2 Free Spins it will spread to the remaining symbol positions on the reels; moving 1 adjacent symbol position for each Free Spin. Wilds that stick in the middle position have a 50% chance to spread to the top or bottom symbol position. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.50% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 12/13/2022