Play'n GO Buffalo Wealth Play'n GO Buffalo of Wealth Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Play'n GO Buffalo of Wealth is a 5-reel video game with 1024 win ways. During Free Spins, up to 32768 win ways become available. Wilderness Wilds can land with a x1, x2 or x3 multiplier. The Wilderness Wild will add pay ways depending on the multiplier that has landed. Wilderness Wild substitutes all other symbols except Coin Scatter. Landing 3 or more Coin Scatters will trigger the Free Spins. 8 Free Spins are awarded. If 4 or 5 Coin Scatters land, the remaining ones will fill the first locked row in the Free Spins. Each time a Coin Scatter lands in the Free Spins, it moves to an empty slot in the locked row. Once 3 Coin Scatters are collected, the locked row will unlock. There are a total of 4 locked rows. Free Spins amount is reset to 8 when a row is unlocked. During Free Spins, x2 and x3 Multiplier Wilderness Wilds may also land. The maximum amount of Free Spins is 40. The Buffalo, Bear, Wolf, Eagle, Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten and Nine symbols are paying symbols that provide payouts, represented by Buffalo themed icons and playing card values (A, K, Q, J, 10, 9). The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 7000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round/Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables/Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) - Decreases the bet. Bet (+) + Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game Help ? Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound X Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 12/30/2025