Blinged Blinged Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Blinged is a 5-reel video slot game with fixed 10 paylines. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter. The SCATTER symbol only appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. On any spin, 2 SCATTER symbols and 3 SCATTER symbols on the reels trigger 1 WIN SPIN, and 5 WIN SPINS, respectively. The WIN SPINS feature is a set of free spins where each spin is guaranteed to award a win or RE-SPIN. +1 WIN SPIN awarded per SCATTER during WIN SPIN feature, up to a maximum of 20 WIN SPINS. The RE-SPIN is triggered when no-winning combinations appear during a WIN SPIN and RE-SPINS continue to be triggered until a winning combination is found. The multiplier will increase on the non-winning spin by +1 with no limit. When a winning combination is awarded, the accumulated multiplier will carry over to the next WIN SPIN. The RTP is 96.25%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/26/2022