Buildin Bucks Buildin' Bucks Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Buildin’ Bucks is a 5-reel video slot with 243 payways. In the base game, the wheel above the reels can stop on a random prize. The prize will only be awarded if a Bonus Scatter lands on the middle reel. There are 6 possible prizes on the wheel, 3 character features and 3 instant prizes. The character features are Woody Elf, Grout Bricky and Fairy Mary. Triggering a feature will add Hard Hat Scatters which will transform into frames of the corresponding skill of the character. If a character feature is triggered, 6 re-spins will be awarded, no retrigger. Any Hard Hat Scatters that land will transform into the character's frame. There are 3 characters: Fairy Mary (gold), Grout Bricky (brick) and Woody Elf (wood). Frames can only be upgraded when the grid is full of the character's frame. Wood is upgraded to brick, brick is upgraded to gold. If the reels are full of gold frames and a Hard Hat Scatter lands, it will pay immediately, x100. Free Spins cannot be triggered. If an Instant prize is awarded from the wheel, it will pay immediately. Minor: x30, Major: x50 and Grand: x100. 3 or more Hard Hat Scatters trigger Free Spins. If 3 Hard Hat Scatters land, 3 initial wooden frames will be awarded in Free Spins. If 4 Hard Hat Scatters land, 4 initial brick frames will be awarded in the Free Spins. If 5 Hard Hat Scatters land, 5 initial gold frames will be awarded in the Free Spins. 6 Initial Free Spins will be awarded, Free Spins can be retriggered by landing a Bonus Scatter on the middle reel. The wheel spins to reveal extra Free Spins. The values on the wheel are +1, +3 and +5. Free Spins are capped to a maximum of 70 spins. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands, a wooden frame will appear. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands on a wooden frame, it will be upgraded to a brick frame. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands on a brick frame, it will be upgraded to a gold frame. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands on a gold frame, it will move position to another space on the reels and create a wooden frame. If no empty spaces are available it will upgrade the lowest type frame. If reels are full of gold frames and a Hard Hat Scatter lands, it will pay immediately, x100. When Free Spins is over, the frames will transform into houses, which will reveal instant prizes. Wood: 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x. Brick: 6x, 7.5x, 8.75x, 10x, 12.5x. Gold: 15x, 17.5x, 20x, 22.5x, 25x and are multipliers of total bet. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 50.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 5000 times total bet. In the menu, you can set your desired bet. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, tap the spin button. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Open the menu and navigate to the Paytable page to review the features and payouts of the game. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPIN button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 11/12/2024