Banana Rock Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Banana Rock have come to town and they are playing a gig at the local venue. Come and watch as they play their set, on this musical 5-reel video slot. The Lead Singer is the Rock 'N' Rollin' Wild and can appear on any reel. If two or more Rock 'N' Rollin' Wild symbols land on the reels then the Rock 'N' Rollin' Re-Spin feature is triggered. All Rock 'N' Rollin' Wild symbols are held in place, and you are awarded a re-spin. As the reels are spinning the rightmost Rock 'N' Rollin' Wild symbol will move across the reels towards the leftmost Rock 'N' Rollin' Wild symbol, connecting with the other Rock 'N' Rollin' Wild symbols on the way (moving vertically and then horizontally between them), leaving a trail of Wilds over the non-Wild symbols in its path, to help create winning combinations and the potential for an all Wild line. The Scatter symbol lands on reels 1 and 5. Landing two scatters triggers the Free Spins Feature that includes a guaranteed win in the Encore Spin that takes places after the Free Spins conclude. The Free Spin Feature begins with 10 Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be earned by landing the Scatter symbol on the reels. Each Scatter that lands adds ONE additional Free Spin. The Rock 'N' Rollin' Re-Spin Feature can be triggered during the Free Spins, re-spins from the feature do not count towards the Free Spins used. During the Free Spins, you can collect the individual band members by landing the stacked symbol that covers the length of the reel. Each band member has an associated meter that powers-up for each collection. Each collection adds an additional multiplier to any further wins that involve that specific band member. The first collection starts the multiplier off at x2 and any further collections add +1 multiplier, with the maximum multiplier that can be obtained is x5 per band member. After the Free Spins conclude the game transitions to an Encore Spin. The Encore Spin is a guaranteed Win Spin™ that only involves band member symbols. The Rock 'N' Rollin' Re-Spin cannot be triggered during the Encore Spin. The multiplier earned during the Free Spins are added together and applied to any wins in the Encore Spin, for a possible total of a x25 multiplier! Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP 96.6% Actions Paytable: Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play: Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin: Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop: Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play: Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 3/29/2023