Boat Bonanza CrocoNile Boat Bonanza CrocoNile! Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Boat Bonanza CrocoNile! is a 5-Reel Video Game with 12-Fixed Paylines. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. Only highest win paid per selected line. Wilds may appear on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except Croc Coins. Wilds are now Paying Symbols. Catch Symbols may appear on all reels. Any Catch Symbols combination can form a line win. Catch Symbols are Paying Symbols but may reward Instant Prize when triggered with Catch Feature, Depth Charge, Spear Shot, and Sobek's Rage. The Instant Prize awarded is the value indicated in each Catch Symbols. The values can range from X0.5, X1, X2, X5, X10, and X50 of Total Bet. Up to 2 boats can become active each spin. Catch Feature is triggered when Catch Symbols land under an active boat. Collected Catch Symbols are awarded as Instant Prize. There is a chance to trigger Depth Charge when the blue boat is active. The blue boat drops an explosive and collects a random Catch Symbol under reel as Instant Prize. There is a chance to trigger Spear Shot when the red boat is active. The red boat aims at one of the available Catch Symbols in the reels to shoot and collect it as Instant Prize. There is a chance to trigger Croc Carnage which upgrade each Catch Symbols before Catch Feature is triggered. When upgraded, a Catch Symbol may upgrade to 1 level higher. Catch Symbols that are already at maximum value cannot be upgraded. Croc Carnage can only trigger if there’s one boat active. Landing 3 or 4 Croc Coins will trigger Croc’N Spin Re-spin. All Croc Coins will be sticky during the Re-spin giving another chance to land up to 5. Sobek's Rage triggers when 5 Croc Coins land in the reel. It starts with 5 Re-spins, only Catch Symbols and Croc Coins can land during Sobek's Rage. Any Catch Symbols and Croc Coins that land will become sticky. Land 1 or more Croc Coins to get 1 extra Re-spin. Once all Re-spins are used, each Croc Coins will reveal a Multiplier of X2, X3, X4, X5, X10, or X25. All the Catch Symbols will be collected after multiplying their value by the sum of all Multipliers revealed from the Croc Coins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 50.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 6000 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 8/5/2025