Book of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Book of Dead is a 5-reel video slot game that brings the daring adventurer, Rich Wilde, face to face with Anubis and other formidable symbols from Ancient Egypt! Up to 10 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). The Book symbol acts as both a wild symbol and a scatter symbol. As a wild symbol, the Book can substitute for any other reel symbol to help comprise winning combinations. As a scatter symbol, three or more Books that appear in any positions on any reels result in a prize. In addition, a sequence of ten free spins is triggered. On any free spin, three scattered Books will extend the free-spin sequence by an additional ten free spins until the maximum prize amount is won! Before a free spin sequence begins, an ordinary symbol is randomly chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the entire free-spin sequence. After prizes for regular winning combinations have been recognized, the special symbol may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. The special symbol will expand only when additional prizes can be awarded along active paylines for winning combinations. Expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. The RTP is 96.21 %. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/13/2022