Buildin' More Bucks Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Magic Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Magic Spins features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Buildin’ More Bucks is a 5-reel game with 243 payways. In the base game, the double Wheel can award the player with character features or bonus instant prizes. The Wheel has two possible levels of rewards. The first Wheel can be activated if 1 or 2 Hard Hat Scatters land on the reels and Lenny the Leprechaun triggers the Wheel. They are thrown at Lenny the Leprechaun who is sitting on top of the reels. Randomly, he will trigger the first Wheel. The Leprechaun is purely visual, and the state will not affect the likelihood of the feature triggering. If the first Wheel is triggered, it can land on the Woody Elf Spins feature, Mini Prize: x10 or Minor Prize: x20 and Upgrade segment. If the Wheel lands on the Upgrade segment, the second Wheel with bigger prizes will be unlocked and will spin to land on Grout Bricky Spins feature, Fairy Mary Spins feature, Major Prize: x50, Grand Prize: x100, Ultra Prize: x500. If an Instant prize is awarded from the Wheel, it will pay immediately. The Wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. If a character feature is triggered, 6 re-spins will be awarded, no retrigger. The Hard Hat Scatters that triggered the Wheel will build initial frames of the character's power before the reels spin. Any Hard Hat Scatters that land during these re-spins will transform into the character's frame. There are 3 characters: Fairy Mary (gold), Grout Bricky (brick), and Woody Elf (wood). Frames can only be upgraded when the grid is full of the character's frame. Wood is upgraded to brick, brick is upgraded to gold. If the reels are full of gold frames and a Hard Hat Scatter lands, it will pay immediately, x100. Magic Spins cannot be triggered. 3 or more Hard Hat Scatters trigger Magic Spins. If 3 Hard Hat Scatters land, 3 initial wooden frames will be awarded in Magic Spins. If 4 Hard Hat Scatters land, 4 initial brick frames will be awarded in the Magic Spins. If 5 Hard Hat Scatters land, 5 initial gold frames will be awarded in the Magic Spins. 6 Initial Magic Spins will be awarded, Magic Spins can be retriggered by landing 3+ Hard Hat Scatters. The Wheel spins to reveal extra Magic Spins. The values on the Wheel are +1, +3, and +5. Magic Spins are capped at a maximum of 80 spins. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands, a wooden frame will appear. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands on a wooden frame, it will be upgraded to a brick frame. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands on a brick frame, it will be upgraded to a gold frame. If a Hard Hat Scatter lands on a gold frame, it will move position to another space on the reels and create a wooden frame. If no empty spaces are available, it will upgrade the lowest type of frame. If reels are full of gold frames and a Hard Hat Scatter lands, it will pay immediately, x100. When Magic Spins is over, the frames will transform into houses, which will reveal instant prizes. Wood: 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x. Brick: 6x, 7.5x, 8.75x, 10x, 12.5x. Gold: 15x, 17.5x, 20x, 22.5x, 25x and are multipliers of total bet. The Fairy Mary, Grout Bricky, Woody Elf, Tape Measure, Paint Bucket, Ace, King, Queen and Jack symbols are paying symbols that provide payouts, represented by fairytale themed icons and playing card values (J, Q, K, A). The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD In the menu, you can set your desired bet. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, tap the spin button. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Open the menu and navigate to the Paytable page to review the features and payouts of the game. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPIN button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 11/11/2025