Barn Busters Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Barn Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Barn Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Barn Busters is a 5-reel game with 243 payways. In the base game, the double Wheel can award the player Sheep features or bonus instant prizes. The Wheel has two possible levels of rewards. The first Wheel can be activated if 1 or 2 Big Bell Scatters land on the reels and alert the Wolf, who may trigger the Wheel. The Wolf is purely visual, and his state does not affect the likelihood of the feature triggering. If the first Wheel is triggered, it can land on the Cashmere Spins feature, Mini Prize: x10, Minor Prize: x20, or an Upgrade segment. If the Wheel lands on Upgrade, the second Wheel with bigger prizes will be unlocked and will spin to award Woollyhammer, Banksie, Major Prize: x50, Grand Prize: x100, or Ultra Prize: x500. If an instant prize is awarded from the Wheel, it will pay immediately. The Wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. If a Sheep feature is triggered, 6 re-spins will be awarded (no retrigger). The Big Bell Scatters that triggered the Wheel will build initial Frames of that Sheep’s power before the reels spin. Any Big Bell Scatters that land during these re-spins will transform into that Sheep’s Frames. There are three Sheep Features, each displaying a unique title on screen when triggered: Banksie Sheep Feature – “Buildin’ Gold", Woollyhammer Sheep Feature – “Buildin’ Wood”, Cashmere Sheep Feature – “Buildin’ Hay”. Frames can only be upgraded when the grid is full. Hay Frames upgrade to Wood Frames; Wood Frames upgrade to Gold Frames. If the reels are full of Gold Frames and a Big Bell Scatter lands, it will pay immediately, x100. Barn Spins cannot be triggered during this feature. 3 or more Big Bell Scatters trigger Barn Spins. If 3 Big Bell Scatters land, 3 initial Hay Frames will be awarded in Barn Spins. If 4 Big Bell Scatters land, 4 initial Wood Frames will be awarded in Barn Spins. If 5 Big Bell Scatters land, 5 initial Gold Frames will be awarded in Barn Spins. 6 initial Barn Spins will be awarded, and Barn Spins can be retriggered by landing 3 or more Big Bell Scatters. The Prize Wheel can award +1, +3, or +5 extra Barn Spins. Barn Spins are capped at 80. If a Big Bell Scatter lands, a Hay Frame will appear. If a Big Bell Scatter lands on a Hay Frame, it will be upgraded to a Wood Frame. If a Big Bell Scatter lands on a Wood Frame, it will be upgraded to a Gold Frame. If a Big Bell Scatter lands on a Gold Frame, it will move to another reel position to create a Hay Frame if the space is empty, or upgrade the Frame already there. If no empty spaces are available, it will upgrade the lowest type of Frame. If reels are full of Gold Frames and a Big Bell Scatter lands, it will pay immediately, x100. When Barn Spins are over, the Frames will transform into Barns, which will reveal instant prizes. Hay: 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x. Wood: 6x, 7.5x, 8.75x, 10x, 12.5x. Gold: 15x, 17.5x, 20x, 22.5x, 25x (multipliers of total bet). The Banksie, Woollyhammer, Cashmere, Wheelbarrow of Logs, Watering Can, Ace, King, Queen, and Jack symbols are paying symbols that provide payouts, represented by barnyard-themed icons and playing card values (J, Q, K, A). The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 7500 times total bet. In the menu, you can set your desired bet. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, tap the spin button. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 3/4/2026