Beasts of Fire Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Beasts of Fire is a 5-reel video slot game with 576 ways to win by default but can be up to 12348 ways when Meteor RE-SPIN feature activates. WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and meteor. WILD appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. High-paying symbols and low-paying symbols can appear as stacks. Charging Buffaloes is triggered randomly on ANY spin during the base game. Charging Buffaloes increases the number of Buffalo symbols that land during that spin. Meteor symbol can land on ANY spin, awarding a RE-SPIN feature. The reel height expands by 1 with an increased chance of triggering the Charging Buffaloes feature. During the RE-SPIN, every time another meteor symbol lands, it awards another RE-SPIN, and the reel height expands again by 1. Reel height can be expanded up to a maximum of 3 times. Meteor symbol is removed when the maximum reel height is reached. FREE SPINS cannot be triggered inside the RE-SPIN feature as the SCATTERS are not available during the event. After the win is evaluated, the game round ends, and the new round starts with default reel height. 3 SCATTERS on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger the Burnin’ Power FREE SPINS with 10 initial FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS, no Buffalo symbols appear on the reels, as they all turn into Fire Beast symbols. Meteor symbol can land during FREE SPINS, awarding a RE-SPIN. During the RE-SPIN, the reel height expands by 1, up to a maximum of 3 times. The expanded reel height remains throughout the FREE SPIN session. Meteor symbol is removed when maximum reel height is reached. Charging Buffaloes feature is not available during FREE SPINS. Landing 3 SCATTERS during FREE SPINS retriggers with 10 additional FREE SPINS. After the FREE SPINS win is evaluated, the FREE SPINS end, and the new round starts with default reel height. The average RTP is 94.27%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 1/24/2023