Boat Bonanza Colossal Catch Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Boat Bonanza Colossal Catch is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 12-fixed paylines. There are two Boats above the reels. On any spin they can both activate. If Catch Symbols land on the reel below an active Boat, their values are collected and added to the total win. When both active Boats are above the same reel, Colossal Catch feature is triggered. All Catch Symbols across all five reels are collected and added to the total win. Maximum single Catch Symbol prize is 50x total bet amount. Landing 3 or more Scatter symbols triggers 10 Free Spins. Additional Scatters pay. During Free Spins both Boats are active on every spin. Catch Symbols underneath the active Boats are collected and their values added to the total win. If both Boats are above the same reel, Colossal Catch feature is triggered and all Catch Symbols across all five reels are collected and added to the total win. An additional Catch Symbol is available in Free Spins. The Swordfish when collected by an active Boat will increase the level of the Colossal Catch Multiplier. This Multiplier will apply to all Colossal Catch wins during Free Spins. Collecting 3 Swordfish will increase the Colossal Catch Multiplier to x2 and add 8 more Free Spins to the total. Collecting 3 more Swordfish will increase the Colossal Catch Multiplier to x5 and add 6 more Free Spins to the total. Collecting 3 more Swordfish will increase the Colossal Catch Multiplier to x10 and add 4 more Free Spins to the total. Collecting 3 more Swordfish will increase the Colossal Catch Multiplier to x25 and add 2 more Free Spins to the total. The maximum total number of Free Spins is 30. The maximum Colossal Catch Multiplier is x25. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/21/2023