Battle Royal Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Hold on to your head as we take a trip back into history with Battle Royal, a 5-reel video slot with 20 paylines. Battle Royal features exciting Royal Flushes, Free Spins with additional Wilds and a bonus Pick Feature. Battle Royal includes the King Henry 8th Wild symbol, a Coat of Arms Scatter, Henry’s infamous 6 Wives as the high-paying symbols, and classic card suits as the low-paying symbols. The Royal Flush feature can trigger at random on the base game and convert all low paying symbols into the same symbol. If a Scatter lands on both the first and last reel a feature choice is triggered. The player is invited to select one of the winning Scatters to find out which feature they will be awarded – Free Spins or Long Live the King (pick bonus). In Free Spins the Heads Will Roll as the player must choose which of Henry’s Wives will survive the Free Spins guillotine. On each spin one of the guillotines on the reels will drop. If one of the Wife symbols are visible either fully, or the top half on that reel they lose their head and that symbol becomes Wild for the rest of the Free Spins round. If only the bottom half of the symbol is visible on the top row, the symbol is not eligible to be beheaded and turn Wild. Free Spins continue until 1 Wife character symbol is left alive. If the player’s chosen wife survives, an additional instant prize is awarded. The last surviving Wife from Free Spins must then have her fate decided by the guillotine reels. Player must select a guillotine reel for the Wife. One guillotine will then fall. If it is the reel the Wife is on, she is beheaded, and the Long Live the King pick bonus is also triggered. If it falls on a different reel, she survives and player returns to the base game. In the Long Live the King bonus feature the player must help King Henry collect loot and escape his haunted dungeon. Select chests to collect instant prizes. After every pick, a ghost of one of Henry’s wives will move across the screen, over one row of chests. If Henry is in the way of a ghost, he dies and the bonus feature ends. One chest contains a key. Once the key is obtained the player can choose to escape the dungeon and collect a mystery multiplier for their total winnings, or they can risk continuing to open chests and collect more instant prizes. If the feature ends due to Henry being caught by a ghost, the total round win so far is awarded. Multiplier is only awarded if the player chooses to escape. If the player has entered bonus via Free Spins, the multiplier is applied to total win from Free Spins and bonus feature. The optimum strategy when the Long Live the King bonus feature is triggered from the Free Spins, is to escape as soon as you find the Key. If the Long Live the King bonus feature is triggered from the base game, the optimum strategy is to leave after picking four chests. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP is 96.2%. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/6/2019