Baron: Lord of Saturday Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Baron: Lord of Saturday is a 5-reel video slot machine with 20 paylines. WILD symbols substitute for all symbols except BONUS and can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. RANDOM WILDS may appear on any spin and can add 3 to 6 WILDS when triggered! Reels 2, 3 and 4 are WILD REELS which are randomly activated on any spin. Only 1 WILD REEL can be activated during base game while 1 to 3 WILD REELS can be activated during FREE SPIN when triggered. Any WILDS on an active WILD REEL will expand vertically replacing all other symbols on the reel. BONUS symbols may land on reels 1 and 5. Landing 2 BONUS symbols during base game will trigger FREE SPIN! 8 FREE SPINS are awarded at the start of FREE SPIN and all WILDS have x2 MULTIPLIERS. If a winning combination includes more than one multiplier symbol, their multipliers will be added together before being applied to the win. Collect 4 BONUS symbols during FREE SPIN to upgrade the WILD MULTIPLIERS and earn extra 3 FREE SPINS. The FREE SPIN can be upgraded 3 times which upgrades the WILD MULTIPLIER to x3, x5 and x10 respectively. Up to 9 more FREE SPINS can be earned in the game. BONUS symbols are removed when x10 MULTIPLIER is achieved. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.05 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 3500 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 12/31/2024