Beasts of Fire Maximum Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules BEASTS OF FIRE MAXIMUM is a 5-reel video slot game with 576 ways to win by default, but which can be up to 12,348 ways when the reels expand to maximum reel height. WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTERS (METEOR COIN). SCATTER and WILD symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. High-paying symbols and low-paying symbols can appear as stacks. CHARGING FIRE BEASTS are triggered randomly on ANY spin during the base game. CHARGING FIRE BEASTS increase the number of FIRE BEAST symbols on reels. The feature can only be triggered during the base game. EXPANDING REELS are triggered when a SCATTER lands on the reel. Each time a SCATTER lands on the reel, the reel size expands vertically by 1, up to 3 times, from a size of 3-4-4-4-3 to 6-7-7-7-6, awarding up to 12,348 payways. If no further SCATTERS land, the reel returns to its default size of 3-4-4-4-3. When 3 SCATTERS have landed on the reels and the maximum reel size has been achieved, MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS are triggered. Before the MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS start, base game winnings are awarded. 3 SCATTERS trigger the MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS that award 8 initial FREE SPINS. The maximum reel height (6-7-7-7-6) is used during MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS. During MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS, the number of FIRE BEAST symbols on the reels is increased. Each SCATTER that lands during the MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS awards +1 extra FREE SPIN, up to a maximum of 100 FREE SPINS. After the MAXIMUM BURNING SPINS have ended, any expanded reels will reset to the default grid size of 3-4-4-4-3. The average RTP is 96.25%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 576 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 50000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 4/8/2025