Boat Bonanza Down Under Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Boat Bonanza Down Under is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 12-fixed paylines. A sleeping fisherman on a flotation device sits above the reels, when he awakens one of three actions can occur: Catch Feature: Collects all prizes on the reels beneath the fisherman; Surf n Catch: The fisherman starts on the left most reel and surfs along the top of the reels collecting all prizes on all of the reels. A multiplier that is equal to the number of reels containing catch prizes is then applied to the total win of the Surf n Catch feature; Under Reel collection: A mystery catch prize will be pulled from beneath the reels from the sea floor, these prizes can be either a cash prize, a dud symbol that pays nothing or in Free Spins only, a special Scatter symbol that allows the player to progress on the Free Spins trail. The Catch Feature and Under Reel features can trigger simultaneously resulting in any prizes on the reels and any Under Reel prizes being awarded together. The Surf n Catch cannot trigger the same round as the Catch Feature and or Under Reel collection features. The possible catch prizes are: 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 30x and 50x the current bet size and are displayed as cash values on the symbols. 3+ Scatters trigger Free Spins and awards 10 Initial Free Spins, Scatter symbols can land on any reels. During Free Spins, Special Scatters do not retrigger Free Spins but instead allow progression along the trail when collected. During Free Spins, a 12 position trail is in play; Collecting Scatters allows progression along the trail. At every 2 steps along the trail you will be awarded either an extra pick or additional Free Spins. Positions 2, 6 and 10 offer extra picks and positions 4, 8 and 12 retrigger Free Spins, with an additional 10 Free Spins awarded at those steps. Win Multipliers for each retrigger stage are set to x2, x3 and X10. Scatters may only be collected if they are on the same reel as the fisherman as part of the Surf n Catch feature or as part of the Under Reel collection. Upon reaching the final 12th position of the trail, no additional Free Spins will be awarded and the maximum number of Free Spins achievable (including any additional Free Spins awarded through pick games) is 50 Free Spins. Multipliers in Free Spins apply to catch wins only! Line wins in Free Spins are not Multiplied. At the start of Free Spins, you will be presented with a pick bonus that will award one of eight possible Modifiers to the Free Spins game. And you will have the opportunity to win more Modifiers through trail progression. Each of the 8 Modifiers offer two variations: regular Modifier and upgraded Modifier. Free Spins Modifiers are: Regular Modifiers: 5 additional Free Spins awarded, More Catch triggers, More Surf n Catch triggers, More Catch Symbols, The Lowest Paying Symbol is removed, At least 1 Catch Symbol on every Free Spin (Win Not Guaranteed), Catch Multiplier increased to x2 (applied to Catch wins only), 1 random Catch Symbol will be sticky for 1 spin. Upgraded Modifiers: 10 additional Free Spins awarded, More Catch triggers at x2 multiplier (applied to Catch wins only), More Surf n Catch triggers at x2 multiplier (applied to Catch wins only), More Catch Symbols and lowest paying Catch Symbols removed, 3 Lowest Paying Symbols removed, At least 3 Catch Symbols on every Free Spin (Win Not Guaranteed), Catch Multiplier increased to x5 (applied to Catch wins only), 2 random Catch Symbols will be Sticky for 1 spin. Only 4 Modifiers can be active throughout Free Spins. Only one type of each specific Modifier can be active through pick bonus rounds and so it is not possible for both a regular and upgraded versions of Modifiers to be active at the same time. Where more than one Multiplier value is in effect, the total Multiplier will be the sum total of all active or applicable Multipliers; So a Free Spins Multiplier of X2 and a Catch Feature Multiplier of X5 will form a total Multiplier of x7 for a Catch Feature. Active Multipliers do not apply to all wins and will be feature specific, for example Surf n Catch Multipliers only apply to catch wins when the Surf n Catch Feature is triggered. Modifier Multipliers are automatically applied to catch prizes on the reels. Meaning that during a catch feature in Free Spins, a catch prize will display it’s value already increased. Example: normal catch prize of 1 shows (when catch feature is triggered) as a prize value of 2. The average RTP is 96.25%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Auto Play: You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 6000 times total bet. Malfunction statements all voids pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/16/2024