Rich Wilde and the Book of Dead Book of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rich Wilde and the Book of Dead is a 5-reel video slot game. Up to 10 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). The Scatter symbol acts as a Wild, and substitutes for all other symbols. 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. An initial 10 free spins are awarded. Before a free spin sequence begins, an ordinary symbol is randomly chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the entire free-spin sequence. After prizes for regular winning combinations have been recognized, the special symbol may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. The special symbol will expand only when additional prizes can be awarded along active paylines for winning combinations. Expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. 3 or more Scatter symbols re-trigger Free Spins. An additional 10 free spins are awarded. The maximum number of Free Spins is 50. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the color or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the color, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The RTP is 96.20%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.01 USD Maximum Bet: 50.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you want to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you want to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/3/2022