Bullion XPress Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Bullion Xpress is a 6-reel, 3-row video game with 10 paylines. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. WILDS may appear on all reels. It substitutes for all symbols except BONUS symbols. All symbols except the BONUS Symbol may land with a MULTIPLIER attached. All MULTIPLIERS are collected by the M-COUNTER from the symbols before the evaluation. The sum of all MULTIPLIERS collected by the M-COUNTER is the final MULTIPLIER value of all wins in the current round except additional rounds from BONUS BLITZ. The M-COUNTER resets every round. Possible values of MULTIPLIER that can be attached to all symbols except BONUS Symbols can be X2, X4, X6, X15, X25. There will be a train that continuously moves above the reels. Every round with no win can give you a chance to trigger FORTUNE FRENZY. The train stops and the conductor rewards you the sum of 4 railcar values in the train. There are 4 different railcars in the Base Game. The value of the railcar depends on their type. The BRONZE railcar may contain a visible value between X1, X2, X3, or X4 of Total Bet, the SILVER railcar may contain a visible value between X5, X6, X7, or X8 of Total Bet, the GOLD railcar may contain a visible value between X9, X10, X11, or X12 of Total Bet, and lastly the MYSTERY railcar that will reveal its value only when the train stops which may contain a value between X4, X6, X8, or X10 of Total Bet. If MULTIPLIERS have been collected by the M-COUNTER this round, the win from FORTUNE FRENZY is multiplied by the M-COUNTER value. Land 3 or more BONUS Symbols on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 to trigger BONUS BLITZ. The game will transform into a reel with 8 columns and 2 rows. Depending on the number of Bonus Symbols that triggered the feature, BONUS BLITZ starts with either 3 RE-SPINS (3 Bonus Symbols) or 4 RE-SPINS (4 Bonus Symbols). Every round, the train moves from left-to-right, while the first row moves from right-to-left. The train will stop every round and so is the row that moves below it. The goal is to land MULTIPLIERS in the first row below each railcar of the train, only railcars with a MULTIPLIER that landed below them will bestow a win to the player. There are 5 different railcars in BONUS BLITZ. The value of the railcar depends on their type. The BRONZE railcar may contain a visible value between X1, X2, X3 or X4 of Total Bet, the SILVER railcar may contain a visible value between X5, X6, X7 or X8 of Total Bet, the GOLD railcar may contain a visible value between X12, X14, X16 or X18 of Total Bet, the MYSTERY railcar that will reveal its value once the train stops which may contain a value between X4, X6, X12 or X16 of Total Bet, and lastly the RE-SPIN railcar. MULTIPLIERS that have landed below BRONZE, SILVER, or GOLD railcars multiply the value of the railcar above it creating bullions that will be collected each round. Land MULTIPLIERS below a MYSTERY railcar and after revealing its value, it will get multiplied creating bullions that will also be collected each round. Land MULTIPLIERS below a RE-SPIN railcar to get extra RE-SPIN. The RE-SPIN added is the value of the MULTIPLIER. MULTIPLIERS in BONUS BLITZ are X1, X2, X3, and X5. RE-SPINS are capped at 20. The average RTP is 94.29%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 6000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 12/9/2025