Banquet of Dead Banquet of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. In FREE SPINS only: Special expanding symbols will pay for any winning combination with gaps allowed. The wins pay from left to right. beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Game Rules BANQUET OF DEAD is a 5-reel, 3-row game with 10 paylines. The SCATTER symbol acts as a WILD and substitutes for all other symbols (except for the special Expanding Symbol). Three or more SCATTER symbols on any reel trigger a Free-Spin feature with an initial 7 FREE SPINS awarded. During Free-Spins, 3 or more SCATTER symbols will re-trigger FREE SPINS where an additional 3 FREE SPINS are awarded. The maximum number of Free Spins achievable is 25. Before FREE SPINS begins, a regular paying symbol (not including SCATTER) is randomly chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during FREE SPINS. After prizes for regular winning combinations have been awarded, the special symbol may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. The special symbol will expand only when additional prizes can be awarded along active paylines for winning combinations. Expanded symbols can appear anywhere on the reels with gaps to create a winning combination. After each spin where special symbols were expanded, the current lowest valued Low-Paying symbol will be removed from the game starting from the next spin until the end FREE SPINS. The Low-Paying symbols are in order of value: 10, J, Q, K, A. If the removed symbol was the Special symbol, then a new special symbol will be randomly selected from the remaining non-Scatter symbols. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour of a face down card which has a winning probability of 50% (1 in 2 chance) to double your current win total. Or correctly guessing the suit of a face down card which has a winning probability of 25% (1 in 4 chance) to quadruple your current win total. You can play the Gamble bonus round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. You can specify the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 6/12/2024