Baker's Treat Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Baker’s Treat is a 5 reel video slot with 15 fixed paylines which pays left to right and right to left, featuring tasty cakes and even tastier prizes! It is the most quintessentially British thing since someone put milk in tea. Each High Pay Cake symbol has an associated reel with a collection meter above it: Cupcake to reel 1; Blueberry Pie to reel 2; Carrot Cake to reel 3; Lemon Cheesecake to reel 4; and Strawberry Sponge to reel 5. A High Pay Cake symbol can appear in stacks on its associated reel during the base game, and when it completely fills the reel a token will be collected to the associated meter. When 3 tokens are collected to a meter, it is complete, and the associated Flour Power Feature is triggered. The Flour Power Spins are played at the average stake from all the spins that contributed to the individual Flour Power meter. The Cupcake Flour Power Feature is three free spins in which 2 reels are synchronised and will show the same outcome. After these have been played the Cupcake Meter will reset and players can begin collecting tokens again. The Blueberry Pie Flour Power Feature is three free spins in which 1 reel is Wild. After these have been played the Blueberry Pie Meter will reset and players can begin collecting tokens again. The Lemon Cheesecake Flour Power Feature is three free spins in which any regular Wilds that appear on the reels expand to fill the entire reel. After these have been played the Lemon Cheesecake Meter will reset and players can begin collecting tokens again. The Strawberry Sponge Flour Power Feature is three free spins in which all low pay Macaron symbols are unified into one type of low pay Macaron. After this has been played the Strawberry Sponge Meter will reset and players can begin collecting tokens again. The Bake Off feature is triggered if all Cake symbols land on their associated reel. In the Bake Off feature, one of each Flour Power Spin will play out in order, with each feature carrying over to the next spin. The Bake Off feature is played at the same bet value as the spin that triggered the feature. For every full stack of cakes that lands on its associated reel when the Bake Off feature is triggered, an extra free spin will be played. The extra free spins will have the same features as spin 5 of the Bake Off feature. Tokens cannot be collected during Flour Power Spins, the Bake Off feature, or the spin that triggers the Bake Off feature. It is not possible to retrigger Bake Off during the Bake Off feature. If the Bake Off feature is won during a Flour Power Spin, it will not play out, but instead a fixed win of 80 times the average bet (as applied to the current Flour Power Spin) will be awarded. The RTP is 96.03% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 5/5/2023