Big Win Cat Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Big Win Cat is a 3-reel video slot with 5 fixed paylines. A combination of three matching symbols along any payline constitutes as a win. Your furry feline friend, the Big Win Cat, is a wild symbol that appear in any position on all three reels. The symbol substitutes for all normal symbols to help create winning combinations. Trigger the Respin of Luck feature when the same symbol is stacked on any two reels, if no winning paylines are visible. You are then awarded one free lucky re-spin on the remaining reel! Stacked symbols remain in place during the re-spin. If there’s a possibility of two different reels to re-spin, the reel that provides the biggest potential reward will remain. When all reel positions are filled with the same symbol in a ‘full house’, the Big Win Cat playfully spins the Wheel of Multipliers, where your total win can multiply up to a maximum of x10! The RTP is 96.15%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 12/6/2017