Bull in a China Shop Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Bull in a China Shop is a 5-Reel video slot machine with 20 fixed paylines. The Wild symbol (the bull), substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. When appearing, the Wild symbol will award 1 of 3 random effects: Happy bull creates 2-6 Wilds; Proud bull creates 1-5 Stacked Wilds; and Angry bull creates 2-6 x2 Multiplier Wilds. Multiplier Wild wins are not accumulative on the same payline. The Free Spins feature is triggered by landing a Scatter symbol (the golden bull) on reel 1, 3 and 5. Choose one of the three modes: Happy Free Spins, Proud Free Spins or Angry Free Spins. An initial 10 free spins are awarded. During Happy Free Spins, each time the Wild symbol lands, the number of Wilds created increases by 1 up to a maximum of 14. The starting number of Wilds is 2. During Proud Free Spins, each time the Wild symbol lands, between 1-5 Stacked Wilds are created. During Angry Free Spins, each time the Wild symbol lands, between 2-14 Multiplier Wilds are created. A multiplier of either x2, x3, x5 or x10 is randomly chosen, applying to all Wilds. Free Spins can only be re-triggered once, with 10 additional free spins awarded. Scatter symbols are removed from the reels after re-triggering. The RTP is 96.20%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 4/11/2023