Canine Carnage Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Canine Carnage is a 5-reel video slot game with 243 payways. In the base game Golden Bones can land on any reel. They award Instant Prizes if a Collector symbol lands on the same spin. On random spins 3-6 Golden Bones can be added to the reels. Instant Prizes available are 0.5, 0.6, 0.8, 1, 1.5, 2, 3, or 5x the total bet. The maximum individual Instant Prize value is 5x total bet. Multiplier symbols (x2, x3 and x5) can land on any spin in the base game, or they can be added to the reels at random. When a Multiplier symbol lands all wins are multiplied by that amount. If more than one Multiplier symbol lands they are added together and the total number applies to all wins on that spin. Splitter Wilds can land on any spin. 1-3 Splitter Wilds can also be added to the reels at random. When a Splitter Wild lands it will split all paying symbols (Wilds, character, royal and Golden Bones) on the same row to the right of it in two. The Wild itself will then substitute for all paying symbols. All Wilds are Splitter Wilds. Scatters can only land on reels 1, 3 and 5. 3 Scatters trigger 6 Bone Spins. Only Golden Bones and Collectors can land on the reels during Bone Spins. When the Golden Bones land the win amount is immediately awarded and the same amount is accumulated into a Cash Pot. When a Collector symbol lands the Cash Pot is awarded and then resets to zero. 1-3 random features are active on every Bone Spin. The random features are: 3-6 additional Golden Bones added to the reels, Multiplier added to the reels (applies to the Cash Pot only, accumulates throughout the Bone Spins and doesn’t reset) and 1-3 Splitter symbols added to the reels (splits Golden Bones into two, doubling the Instant Prize value). Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/23/2024