Clash of Camelot Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Clash of Camelot is a 5-reel video slot with 20 fixed paylines. The Swords (WILD) symbol substitutes for all symbols, except the Arthur and Mordred (WILD) symbols. It can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. In the base game on ANY spin, the WILD symbol can appear as a Multiplier Wild. The values of the Multiplier Wild are: X2, X5, X10, X25, and X100. The Arthur (WILD) and Mordred (WILD) symbols can land on reel 1 or 5 in ANY spin. Landing both of these symbols on the same row awards FREE SPINS. The feature can be triggered during the base game only. Before FREE SPINS, there is a choice of 4 options. Choose one and the game will commence. Option 1: X2 multiplier & 25 FREE SPINS. Option 2: X5 multiplier & 10 FREE SPINS. Option 3: X10 multiplier & 5 FREE SPINS. Option 4: Random choice is revealed when chosen (see paytable). During FREE SPINS if Arthur (WILD) lands anywhere on reel 1 and Mordred (WILD) lands anywhere on reel 5, the symbols will expand, the fight will occur and up to 9 Sword (WILD) symbols will spawn randomly on reels 2, 3 and 4. Fill up the middle reels with Swords (WILDS). The Swords (WILDS) will disappear for the next spin. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/9/2023