Cat Wilde in the Eclipse of the Sun God Unfinished Games RTP: 96.22% If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Cat Wilde in the Eclipse of the Sun God is a 5x3 cascading video slot game, with 20 fixed paylines, featuring a win multiplier on cascade wins, and a FREE SPINS feature. Winning symbols are removed, and new symbols fill up the reel. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. Win multiplier raises on cascades! Win multiplier can increment up to x10 in the base game, and up to x70 during FREE SPINS! The Moon Goddess symbol is the SCATTER. 3 SCATTERS landing on reel 1, 3 and 5 trigger 10 initial FREE SPINS. SCATTERS act as WILDS in FREE SPINS! During FREE SPINS, collect 5 Moon Goddess SCATTERS for an additional 5 spins (up to a maximum of 40), and upgrade the multiplier win values. The Sun God symbol is the WILD. WILDS can land on reels 2, 3 and 4, during Main Game and they substitute for all symbols, except SCATTERS. Wilds land anywhere during FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/2/2023