Chronos Joker Chronos Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Chronos Joker is a 3-reel video slot, with 3 symbols on each reel. All symbols can appear stacked and a MULTIPLIER can activate on ANY spin. The MULTIPLIER will apply to all wins on that inidual spin. Landing stacks of 3 identical symbols on any 2 reels will trigger a re-spin feature. The type of re-spin feature triggered is dependent on what MULTIPLIER is active. The re-spin will only ever spin the reel that does not contain a stack of 3 identical symbols. The WILD will substitute for any symbol. If there is the possibility of two different reels to re-spin, then the reel of the lowest value symbol will re-spin. A re-spin will trigger on the remaining reel if no multiplier is active. As the re-spin occurs there is a chance for a MULTIPLIER to activate. This will trigger a type of re-spin feature dependent on what MULTIPLIER activated during the re-spin. The Spins of the Future will trigger if the MULTIPLIER is X2. With each subsequent re-spin the MULTIPLIER will increase to a maximum of X10, in the following order: X3, X4, X5, X10. Re-spins will continue until there is a win. The Spins of the Present will trigger if the MULTIPLIER is X3, X4, or X5. Re-spins will continue until there is a win. The Spins of the Past will trigger if the MULTIPLIER is X10. With each subsequent re-spin the MULTIPLIER will decrease to a maximum of X2, in the following order: X5, X4, X3, X2. Re-spins will continue until there is a win. The Super Spins of the Future will trigger if the SUPER MULTIPLIER is X4. With each subsequent re-spin the SUPER MULTIPLIER will increase to a maximum of X20, in the following order: X6, X8, X10, X20. Re-spins will continue until there is a win. The Super Spins of the Present will trigger if the SUPER MULTIPLIER is X6, X8, or X10. Re-spins will continue until there is a win. The Super Spins of the Past will trigger if the SUPER MULTIPLIER is X20. With each subsequent re-spin the SUPER MULTIPLIER will decrease to a maximum of X4, in the following order: X10, X8, X6, X4. Re-spins will continue until there is a win. The chance for a Super Spins feature to trigger only occurs when all MULTIPLIERS are doubled at the start of a spin or re-spin; SUPER MULTIPLIERS. The RTP is 96.54%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.05 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/2/2022