Captain Glum: Pirate Hunter Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules CAPTAIN GLUM: PIRATE HUNTER is a 5-reel, 5-row video slot game with connecting paylines. The game features a SCATTER symbol, a Permanent WILD, Wake WILD, 2 HIGH PAYING symbols, 2 MEDIUM PAYING symbols, and 4 SUITS symbols. In the base game the top and bottom row is locked, meaning the base game plays out on a 5-reel, 3-row grid. On each regular spin a Permanent WILD will randomly move to a new position on the middle three reels. The Permanent WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. CAPTAIN'S DUE feature may trigger randomly on any regular spin when one or more SCATTERS land. One of the SCATTERS is randomly selected, and the Permanent WILD will move first horizontally then vertically to the selected SCATTER’s position to replace. As it moves, the Permanent WILD will leave Wake WILD symbols behind. Wake WILDS substitute for all symbols except SCATTER. The game continues as normal after the effect. SCATTERS can land on any reels except on the one with the Permanent WILD; 3 or more trigger 10 FREE SPINS. There is no Permanent WILD during FREE SPINS. There are no SCATTERS during FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS cannot be re-triggered. Initially the top and bottom row is blocked by the hull segments of a Pirate Hunter flagship (bottom) and a Pirate Flagship (top) in FREE SPINS. The Pirate Hunter flagship has an open gun port below each reel (5 in total), and the Pirate flagship has the same above each reel. Reloading the cannons of a flagship may randomly take 1, 2, or 3 FREE SPINS. Loaded cannons of the flagships are pushed back into the gun ports from left to right at the start of each FREE SPIN. In the FREE SPIN where a flagship has all 5 cannons loaded the BROADSIDE feature triggers and all 5 cannons fire simultaneously in the direction of the opposing flagship. During BROADSIDE cannonballs fired by the Pirate Hunter flagship travel up, cannonballs fired by the Pirate flagship travel down the reels. The Pirate Hunter ship and the Pirate ship are MEDIUM PAYING symbols. If the flying cannonballs of the Pirate Hunter ship encounter a MEDIUM PAYING Pirate ship symbol on a reel, the cannonball stops and sinks this ship, turning it into a Wake WILD. If cannonballs of the Pirate ship encounter a MEDIUM PAYING Pirate Hunter ship symbol on a reel, the cannonball also stops and sinks this ship, also turning it into a Wake WILD. Sinking MEDIUM PAYING ship symbols also counts toward a Pirate Hunter Team VS Pirate Team competition, where Pirate ships sunk by the Pirate Hunter flagship increases the score of the Pirate Hunter Team and Pirate Hunter ships sunk by the Pirate flagship increases the score of the Pirate Team. If a cannonball shot during a BROADSIDE does not encounter a MEDIUM PAYING ship symbol of the opposing team on the reel, it hits the corresponding hull segment of the opposing flagship, destroying the hull segment and extending the reel in that direction by 1. If the hull segment is already destroyed there is no change to the reels. The reels can be extended by successful BROADSIDE shots up to 5-reel 5-row. The Pirate Hunter Team having a higher score than the Pirate Team at the end of FREE SPINS triggers the TREASURE HUNT feature. The player can pick one of 3 Treasure Chests for a random multiplier which will multiply their Free Spins total win. Multipliers can be: X2, X3 and X10. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 8/29/2023