Charlie Chance in Hell to Pay Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Charlie Chance in Hell to Pay is a 3-Reel Video Slot Machine with 5 fixed paylines, paying left to right. Charlie Chance in Hell to pay features a Wild and Wild multiplier symbols, it also has an overlay Scatter icon which can appear next to any symbol on the reels. The high paying symbols are the classic Hell’s Bells, 666 and Bar. Grapes, Apple, Lemon and Cherry are the low paying symbols. The Wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol to help comprise winning combinations. There are also Wild symbols with x2 or x3 multiplier attached which applies to winning combinations they have created. Wild Multipliers on the same payline can multiply together up to x27. 3 Scatter icons landing on the reels triggers the Feature Board, where it is possible to win an instant prize, a re-spin with random Wilds added to the reels, a re-spin with a random multiplier (x2, x3 or x25), a Win Spin or 8 Free Spins. These features (apart from Win Spin) do not guarantee a win. In Free Spins the Scatter icons are collected over spins. The Feature Board is triggered by collecting 3 Scatter icons. The Feature Board works in the same way as in the base game with the same prizes. Landing on Free Spins will add a further 8 Free Spins to the total. When the Scatter icon collection meter is filled, any further Scatter icons on the reels are added to the meter after the feature trigger. Collection meter resets on feature trigger. Remaining Free Spins continue after Feature Board is triggered and feature plays out. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.79% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/21/2020