Cash of Command Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Cash of Command is a video slot played on a 9x9 grid. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 5 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols fall down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbols that are not connected are paid as separate clusters. On any non-winning spin, there is a chance the Baron’s Turrets feature will trigger and Wilds will be added to the grid. Wilds substitute for all paying symbols. Winning symbols are collected when they form part of a winning combination. Reach certain thresholds of total winning symbols to trigger Naval Hero features. The order in which the Naval Hero features are triggered is randomised at the start of each spin. The thresholds remain consistent across each spin: 15, 40, 70. Each Naval Hero feature is triggered in the order in which it is obtained, and only after the game round has no more winning combinations on the grid. Each Naval Hero feature will add a ship or submarine to the grid, this ship or submarine symbol does not pay and does not substitute for any symbol; this will be added to the grid before their respective feature plays out. There are three Naval Hero features: Commander Wilder, Captain Verto, and Admiral Magna; each with their own unique feature. Commander Wilder will add Wilds to the grid. Captain Verto will convert 2 symbol sets to the same symbol. Admiral Magna will add four 2x2 mega symbols to the grid. If 110 or more symbols are collected in a single game round, then the Baron Fusco feature will be awarded. This feature will remove Naval Hero ship(s) / submarine, leaving one remaining on the grid. The remaining ship / submarine will play out a super version of the respective Naval Hero feature. If Commander Wilder remains, the ship will add more Wilds to the grid. If Captain Verto remains, the ship will convert 3 symbols to the same symbol. If Admiral Magna remains, the ship will add four up to 4x4 mega symbols to the grid. The Naval Features and Baron Fusco can be triggered once per game round. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.27% Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/23/2023