Cash Vandal Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Cash Vandal is a 4-Reel Video Slot, with 3 rows on each reel. There are 10 fixed active paylines on each spin. The game takes place in 3 different Cities: Paris, London, and Berlin. The game has a Scatter symbol that can land on ANY reel. If the Golden Spray Can (Scatter) lands on Reel 4, with no other Spray Can (Scatter) on ANY reel, then the Re-Spin feature is triggered. If the Golden Spray Can lands on Reel 4, with 1 Spray Can on any other Reel, then the City Feature is triggered. If the Golden Spray Can lands on Reel 4, with 2 or 3 Spray Cans on any other Reels, then the Free Spins are triggered. If the Re-Spin is triggered, then Reel 4 is held and Reels 1, 2, and 3 will Re-Spin. The City Feature and the Free Spins can be triggered from the Re-Spin, if additional Spray Cans land on Reels 1, 2, or 3. If the City Feature is triggered, then 1 Free Spin is rewarded with Stacked Wilds on Reel 4, and an additional reel modifier. There is a different reel modifier in each City. An additional City Feature or Free Spins cannot be triggered from this Feature. If Paris is the active City, then the reel modifier synchronises Reel 1 and 2. This forms 2x2 Mega Symbols across Reels 1 and 2. If London is the active City, then the reel modifier adds 2 to 9 Mystery Symbols to reels 1, 2, 3. After the Reels stop spinning, the Mystery Symbol is revealed to be the same symbol. If Berlin is the active City, then the reel modifier adds 2 or 3 Wild symbols on reels 1, 2, 3. Golden Spray Can on Reel 4 plus 2 or 3 Spray Cans on ANY other reel will award 5 or 10 Free Spins respectively. Each individual Free Spin has Stacked Wilds on Reel 4. At the start of the Feature, the desired City and reel modifier is chosen for the duration of the Free Spins. City Feature on every Free Spin. Free Spins can be retriggered indefinitely with 2 or 3 Scatters, rewarding 5 or 10 Free Spins respectively. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP is 96.47%. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 3/28/2023