Coils of Cash Unfinished Games RTP: 96.20% If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Coils of Cash is a 7-Reel video slot with 2304 payways. There are 6 vertical reels and 1 horizontal reel (Power Coil). Winning combinations are removed. New symbols cascade into view to re-fill the empty positions to potentially form new wins. The process is repeated if new wins are continually being created. Only the highest winning combination per symbol is paid. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and is only present on the horizontal reel. The Power Coil is the horizontal reel above reels 2 – 5. Each Power Coil symbol position can have a multiplier activated; increasing by one for each symbol cascade on the corresponding vertical reel beneath, up to a maximum of x5 per reel. Multipliers reset before each spin, except when Free Spins are triggered. Only wins with symbols present on the Power Coil are affected by multipliers, which can multiply together for a total maximum multiplier of x625. 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols award an initial 10, 15, 20, or 25 Free Spins respectively. The Power Coil multipliers carry over and only reset once the feature is complete. An additional 2 Free Spins are awarded per Scatter. Scatter symbols are only present on the vertical reels. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is 300,000 Last modification date: 4/4/2023