Cash-A-Cabana Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Cash-a-Cabana is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot game with 20 paylines. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols (except the HOST SCATTER) and can appear on any reels. The WILD symbol always expands vertically, occupying the entire reel it has landed on and showing the full-view Copa Girl. In the Base Game, the Copa Girl is guaranteed to form a win and activates the X2 MULTIPLIER that applies to any winning combination formed during that spin. During the CABANA SHOW, Each Copa Girl that appears increases the MULTIPLIER by +1 up to x20. The HOST symbol is a SCATTER that can only land on reels 1, 3, and 5. Landing 3 HOSTS SCATTER triggers the CABANA SHOW awarding 10 initial FREE SPINS. Each HOST SCATTER landing during the CABANA SHOW awards +2 EXTRA FREE SPINS up to 30 max FREE SPINS. In the CABANA SHOW, WILDS are always expanding. Up to 3 WILDS can land on the reels and expand into full-view Copa Girls. Each Copa Girl increases the MULTIPLIER by +1 up to X20. Currently available MULTIPLIER is highlighted and applies to any winning combination. The MULTIPLIER value will be increased by the Copa Girls after awarding payouts. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 7/12/2023