Crabby's Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Crabby's Gold is a 6-reel game with 4096 ways to win. Coin Scatter can land on the reels with the following multipliers: x0.5, x1, x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x3.5, x4, x5, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25. If Coin Scatters are collected by the Coin Pouch Scatter, an instant prize is awarded which is the multiplier times the bet. If a Coin Scatter lands with no Coin Pouch Scatter present on the reels, the Coin Scatter is collected by the Treasure Chest. Coin Pouch Scatters can only land on reels 1 and 6. If two Coin Pouch Scatters land, Coin Scatters get awarded twice. The Treasure Chest collects Coin Scatters and will increase in size but this is purely visual and does not indicate a likeliness of triggering the feature. It can activate randomly in the game when 1 or more Coin Scatters with no Coin Pouch Scatter land on the reels. If the Treasure Chest activates, it will trigger a Hold’n Spin feature. In this feature, 3 initial Re-Spins will be awarded. Coin Scatters with the following multipliers: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x30 can land and stick on the reels. The Re-Spin counter is reset to 3 every time 1 or more Coin Scatters land on the reels. The counter decreases by 1 when no Coin Scatters land on the reels. The maximum amount of Re-Spins is 30. Once the feature concludes, the player will be shown their winnings, these winnings are the total Coin multiplier times the bet, this can be used to Collect or Gamble. If Collect is selected, the player will go back to the base game with all of their winnings from the Hold’n Spin feature. If Gamble is selected, the game will enter the Doubloon or Nothing feature. In the Doubloon or Nothing round, there is 1 spin. Double Coins or Wipe Coins can land in this spin. If the majority of symbols are Wipe Coins, the player's total winnings from the Hold'n Spin are wiped to 0 and it returns to the base game. If the majority of symbols is Double Coins, the player's winnings from the Hold'n Spin are doubled. This has a winning probability of 50% (1 in 2 chance) to double your total win from the Hold'n Spin feature. The Doubloon or Nothing feature can be played a maximum of 4 times in succession and up to a limit of 11520 x the total bet. Doubloon or Nothing feature will not impact the overall RTP. Rum Bottle Scatters are collected in the Rum Barrel Meter. The Meter has 6 stages in total, with 5 stages to unlock. The game initially begins in the first stage, which is already unlocked. These stages will be persistent after each spin. Every 6 Rum Bottles collected, a new stage is unlocked. In the first initial stage, the standard Wild can land on the reels. In stage 2, the standard Wild and the Multiplier Wild (x2, x3, x5) can land. In stage 3, the standard and the Multiplier Wild (x2, x3, x5) and Expanding Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5) can land. In stage 4, the standard and the Multiplier Wild (x2, x3, x5), Expanding Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5) and Expanding Sticky Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5 with 3 re-spins, no additional re-spins can be triggered) can land. In stage 5, the standard and the Multiplier Wild (x2, x3, x5), Expanding Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5), Expanding Sticky Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5 with 3 re-spins, no additional re-spins can be triggered) and Expanding Walking Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5, moves left with re-spins until off the reels or a maximum of 10 re-spins) can land. In stage 6, the standard and the Multiplier Wild (x2, x3, x5), Expanding Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5), Expanding Sticky Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5 with 3 re-spins, no additional re-spins can be triggered) and Expanding Walking Wild (x1, x2, x3, x5, moves left with re-spins until off the reels or maximum of 10 re-spins) and Mega 2x2 Wild can land. There can only be one type of Wild symbol on the reels at one time. Wild symbols can land on reels 2,3,4,5 and 6. For Mega 2x2 Wild, maximum of 2 can land. If a Multiplier Wild lands on the reels, the rest of the Wild symbols also take on the same multiplier. The multiplier is applied to the winning payway The number of collected Rum Bottle Scatters is attached to the total bet staked. Changing the total bet will collect towards another set of Rum Bottle Scatters. The active bonus collection is stored and can be continued by setting back the total bet. Bonus collection is also stored between game sessions so you can pick up your game whenever you want. The character symbols will change visually depending on what stage is active. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Autoplay: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and the Hold’n Spin feature triggers, Doubloon or Nothing feature is skipped and will not play. All the winnings from the Hold’n Spin are automatically collected and the player will go back to the base game. The average RTP is 94.25%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 4096 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 70000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 7/1/2025