Cat Wilde and the Doom of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Cat Wilde and the Doom of Dead is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot machine with 10 fixed paylines. Wilds can land on any reel, and all Wilds expand to fill the reel. 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger an initial 10 Free Spins. 10 additional Free Spins can be earned during the mode by getting 3 Scatter symbols on reel 1, 3 and 5. Number of Free Spins are unlimited! Before Free Spins begins, a symbol is chosen from any of the high or low-paying symbols to become a Special Expanding Symbol during the entire Free Spins sequence. After prizes for regular winning combinations have been recognized, the Special Expanding Symbol may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. This symbol will only expand when it is part of a winning combination. The Special Expanding Symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. Wild symbols can create winning combinations with the Special Expanding Symbols as well. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.29% Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.