Crazy Cows Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Crazy Cows is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 15 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Crazy Cows includes a wild symbol (the bull), a scatter symbol (the dog) and two bonus scatter symbols (the barn and the heart necklace). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the scatter and bonus symbols) to help comprise winning combinations. A wild appearing on reel 3 expands to cover the entire reel. An expanded wild on reel 3 and heart necklaces on reels 2 and 4 trigger the re-spin feature; a sequence of free spins commences during which reel 3 is covered by an expanded wild symbol that substitute for any other reel symbol (except the scatter and bonus scatter symbols). The expanded wild remains stationary during the entire free spin sequence. Additional free spins are awarded during the feature if medallion pieces appear on both reels 2 and 4. Three bonus scatter symbols on the reels triggers the high-dive bonus where you select the cow you wish to see perform a high dive. The dog will reward you with free spins and a coin amount depending on how good the dive was. After the bonus game is finished a sequence of free spins commences in which prizes for winning combinations are multiplied with a multiplier initially starting at 2. Two or more dog scatter symbols anywhere on the reels increases the multiplier up to a maximum of 5. The bonus game can be won again during the free spins and additional free spins can be awarded up to a total of 50 free spins. Awards in the bonus game are not multiplied by the multiplier. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The barn bonus scatter symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. The heart necklace bonus scatter symbol only appears on reels 2 and 4. The heart necklace bonus scatter symbol does not appear during the free spin feature. The dog scatter symbol can appear on all reels. The RTP is 94.20 %. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Last modification date: 1/25/2023