Captain Xeno's Earth Adventure Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Captain Xeno’s Earth Adventure is a 5 reel- video slot machine with 1024 ways to win by default but can be up to 100000 ways when the maximum splitting symbol upgrade is reached. WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and can appear on all reels. WILDS can also be added by the EMERGENCY WILDS feature. ELECTRIC SHOCK: On ANY normal spin, 1 symbol type is selected to become the splitting symbol causing all instances of that symbol to split into 2. All symbols can be selected as splitting symbols except SCATTER and WILD. EMERGENCY WILDS: On ANY normal spin, 1 – 5 WILDS can be added to the reels. This event awards a guaranteed win. ENGINE RECHARGE: On ANY normal spin, 2 SCATTERS can be added to the reels. This feature increases the chance of triggering the FREE SPINS. 3, 4, or 5 SCATTERS trigger 8, 10, or 12 FREE SPINS, respectively. During FREE SPINS, there is a higher chance of splitting symbols occurring. All SCATTERS on the triggering spin are collected in the SCATTER collector and will be carried over into FREE SPINS. SCATTERS that land during FREE SPINS are also collected in the SCATTER collector. Filling the SCATTER collector upgrades the splitting symbol feature and awards additional FREE SPINS. Collecting 7 SCATTERS causes symbols to split into 3 and awards an extra 4 FREE SPINS. Collecting 4 more SCATTERS causes symbols to split into 4 and awards a further 4 FREE SPINS. SCATTERS are removed once the maximum upgrade is reached. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 1024 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Bet Range Min Bet : 0.2 Max Bet : 100