Charlie Chance Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Charlie Chance is a 5-reel video slot game with 243 payways. Theoretical Return to player RTP : 96.25% This game features the XREELZ mechanic. In the base game, a Wild win will create a highlighted reel. A Multiplier reel will then appear above the reels and spin horizontally. The Multiplier that lands above the highlighted reel is then awarded to all wins created from that reel. 2 or more Scatters landing on the reels will trigger the Second Chance Re-Spins, with the Scatters’ reels held in place. If another Scatter lands on the re-spin, another re-spin of the remaining reels is triggered, with the additional Scatter reel also held. This will happen again until no more Scatters land. 3 Scatters award the Flaming Free Spins, 4 Scatters award Inferno Free Spins and 5 Scatters award Hellfire Free Spins. All types of Free Spins feature the XREELZ mechanic active on every spin, without needing a Wild win to trigger it. The Multiplier reel will award a Multiplier to all wins from the highlighted reel. In Flaming Free Spins the Multipliers available are x2, x3 and x5. In Inferno Free Spins the Multipliers available are x5, x6 and x8. In Hellfire Free Spins the Multipliers available are x8, x9 and x25. In all Free Spins any Wilds that land are kept on the reels for the whole feature. They will each move to a different random position on the reels on each spin. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 4/4/2023