Coywolf Cash Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Coywolf Cash is a 5-reel video slot machine with 50 fixed paylines. Mask Scatter appears exclusively on reel 3 and it activates the Wild Reel. It has 2 different tiers, the first activates in both base game and in PREY FREE SPINS, but the second becomes available during PREY FREE SPINS only. 3 or more Totem Scatters activate PREY FREE SPINS and award 8, 11 and 15 Free Spins respectively. The Wild Reel becomes more powerful during the mode and can have up to 2 spins to achieve full grid Wild payouts with up to x7 win multipliers! The number of obtainable Free Spins is unlimited! The Wild Reel feature will trigger before any eventual Free Spins. The first tier of Wild Reel has up to 3 Alpha Coywolf Wilds in the base game and up to 4 Alpha Coywolf Wilds and a Mask Scatter during PREY FREE SPINS. When the Mask Scatter appears on the Wild Reel, the second tier activates. It contains Coywolf Wilds with x2, x4 and x7 multipliers and Totem Scatters with +2 and +4 spins. Only the highlighted symbol becomes active on a second tier spin, and it turns all symbols underneath on the respective reel into Wild symbols. Stacked Coywolf Wilds appear on reel 2 and 4 in the base game and during PREY FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.3% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 6/24/2020