Count Jokula Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Count Jokula is a 3-reel video slot with 5 paylines. The Joker symbol is Wild and can substitute for any symbols to form a winning combination. On any non-winning spin, if the Bat symbol lands on the reels, it will transform into the Joker Wild if that will create a winning combination. Wins formed with the Joker Wild symbol on the middle reel will trigger a free Respin and unlock the multiplier. Each additional time this happens consecutively it will trigger another Respin and increase the multiplier. Each win during the Respins sequence is multiplied by the current unlocked multiplier value. The maximum multiplier value is x15 and when this value is unlocked the multiplier value will no longer increase but it will be applied to all future wins during the Respins sequence. The multiplier is reset and locked once the Respins sequence ends. Joker Wilds that land on the middle reel and form part of a winning combination are sticky for the duration of the Respins sequence even if they don't form part of any further wins. The maximum Respin number is 15, and if that number is reached the Respin sequence will end automatically. The average RTP is 96.25%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/2/2023