Colt Lightning Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Colt Lightning is a 5-reel video slot game with 576 ways to win by default but can be up to 12348 ways when RAPID RE-SPIN feature activates. WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and HORSESHOE. WILD appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. High-paying symbols and low-paying symbols can appear as stacks. COLT STRIKE is triggered randomly on ANY spin during the base game. COLT STRIKE increases the number of COLT symbols that land during that spin. HORSESHOE symbol appears only on reel 3 and can land on ANY spin. Landing HORSESHOE symbol triggers the RAPID RE-SPIN and can only be re-triggered twice. During the RE-SPIN, the grid size expands vertically by 1, and may expand up to 3 times, from 3-4-4-4-3 to 6-7-7-7-6 grid size awarding up to 12348 payways. The chance of triggering COLT STRIKE increases in RAPID RE-SPIN. HORSESHOE symbol is removed when the maximum grid size is reached. SUPER COLT SPINS cannot be triggered inside the RAPID RE-SPIN feature, as the SCATTERS are not available during the event. After the RAPID RE-SPIN have ended, any expanded reels will reset to the default grid size of 3-4-4-4-3. 3 SCATTERS on reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger the SUPER COLT SPINS with 10 initial FREE SPINS awarded. During FREE SPINS, no COLT symbols appear on the reels, as they have all transformed into SUPER COLT symbols that pay double. HORSESHOE symbol can land during FREE SPINS, awarding the RAPID RE-SPIN feature. During the RAPID RE-SPIN, the grid size expands vertically by 1, and may expand up to 3 times, from 3-4-4-4-3 to 6-7-7-7-6 grid size awarding up to 12348 payways. The expanded reel height persists throughout the FREE SPIN round. The HORSESHOE symbol is removed when the maximum reel heights are reached. THE COLT STRIKE feature is not available during SUPER COLT SPINS. Landing 3 SCATTERS during SUPER COLT SPINS re-triggers FREE SPINS and awards 10 additional FREE SPINS, up to a maximum of 100 FREE SPINS. After the SUPER COLT SPINS have ended, any expanded reels will reset to the default grid size of 3-4-4-4-3. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.27% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 8/29/2023