Casino Hold'em Casino Hold'em Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Placing Bets To place a bet, click on the desired chip and then click the game table in the location you wish to place the chip. The chip will be added to your total bet. All bets must conform to the table limits. To remove a bet, select the 'X' chip and then click the chip you wish to remove. To remove all bets, click CLEAR ALL. Game Rules In Casino Hold'em, played with a 52-card deck, you can win on your Ante bet and optional AA Bonus side bet. The table rules used are as follows: Cards are re-shuffled after each round. Played with 1 deck. The dealer must have a pair of 4s or better to qualify. The payout on your AA Bonus bet is based on the AA Bonus paytable. The payout on your Ante bet is based on the Ante paytable. All five cards are used to determine the winner. If you and the dealer share a pair, the values of the third, fourth and fifth cards are taken into consideration. Ante After placing your Ante bet and optional AA Bonus bet, you and the dealer each receive two cards face down. Three community cards are dealt face up on the table. You must decide whether to CALL or FOLD . If you fold, you lose your Ante bet and optional AA Bonus bet. If you call, you place an additional Call bet, equal to double your Ante bet. If your two personal cards and the three community cards give you a hand with a pair of aces or better, you win on your AA Bonus bet according to the paytable. The final two community cards are dealt face up, and the dealer reveals his two hidden cards. The best 5-card poker hand that can be comprised from the five community cards plus the two personal cards wins. The dealer must have a pair of 4s or better to qualify. The main game RTP based on best strategy is 97,84%. Dealer does not qualify. If the dealer does not qualify, your Ante bet is paid according to the Ante paytable and your Call bet is returned. Dealer qualifies. If the dealer qualifies, he compares his best hand with yours to determine the winner. If you and the dealer have the same hand, the game is a push, and your Ante and Call bets are returned. If the dealer's hand beats yours, you lose both your Ante bet and Call bet. If your hand beats the dealer's, your Ante bet is paid according to the Ante paytable and your Call bet pays even money (1:1). AA Bonus You have the option of placing an AA Bonus bet. You win on your AA Bonus bet when your first two personal cards plus the first three community cards give you a pair of aces or better. The AA bonus RTP based on best strategy is 93,74%. Ante Bonus Paytable Rank Payout Royal Flush 100:1 Straight Flush 20:1 4 of a Kind 10:1 Full House 3:1 Flush 2:1 Straight or Less 1:1 AA Bonus Paytable Rank Payout Royal Flush 100:1 Straight Flush 50:1 4 of a Kind 40:1 Full House 30:1 Flush 20:1 Pair of Aces to Straight 7:1 Actions Call - Places an additional Call bet equal to double your Ante bet. Fold - Your Ante and AA Bonus bets are lost, and the game round ends. Deal - Starts the round after a bet has been placed. Rebet - Places the same initial bet as in the preceding round. Clear All - Removes all bets placed on the table. Chip - Select the chip you wish to bet. "X" Chip - Click the "X" chip on any placed chip to remove your bet. Last modification date: 12/17/2018