Cash Pump Cash Pump Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Cash Pump is a 12-reel video slot machine. You play on all 4 play areas: top-left, top-right, bottom-left and bottom-right. Each play area has 5 fixed paylines, for a total of 20 fixed paylines. WILD symbols only appear on the center reel of each play area, substituting all symbols except SCATTER. The STACKED WILDS feature is triggered when any center reel is fully occupied by WILD symbols. All WILD symbols are then duplicated in the corresponding positions on all other play areas, multiplying any win by either x1, x2, x3 or x4. SCATTER symbols only appear on the center reel of each play area. 1 SCATTER symbol appearing on every play area (4 in total) will trigger 7 FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS, any SCATTER symbol appearing on any play area is collected. Each time 4 SCATTER symbols have been collected, an additional 5 FREE SPINS are awarded and the available multipliers for STACKED WILDS are increased. The first multiplier always increases by 1 (from x1 to x2, etc.); the second multiplier always increases by 2 (from x2 to x4, etc.); the third multiplier always increases by 3 (from x3 to x6, etc.); and the fourth multiplier always increases by 4 (from x4 to x8, etc.). The maximum number of Free Spins is 102, at which point the multipliers will have reached the maximum multipliers of x20, x40, x60 and x80, respectively. The RTP is 96.85% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/26/2022