Divine Showdown Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Divine Showdown is a 5-reel video slot played with 20 paylines, paying from left to right. Divine Showdown features 4 high paying God symbols – Thor, Athena, Anubis and Wukong. It also has a Wild, Scatter and 5 royal symbols. On random spins the Multiplier Reel will activate and award a multiplier up to x10 to any spin. On any spin a God can appear and power up the spin with their special feature. Wukong adds Wild Reels to the grid. Anubis turns 1 or 2 symbol instances Wild. Athena synchronises 3 reels. Thor upgrades all the God symbols to Thor. The Multiplier Reel can also be active during these features. Free Spins are triggered when 3 Scatters land on the reels. A God character is chosen to play in battle, their Power Feature will be active on all standard spins in Free Spins. Multiplier Reel can be activated on any spin as before. Free Spins begin with 3 lives. Battle Reel will spin to decide the action. If it lands on SPIN icon, a Free Spin plays. If it lands on a God symbol, a Battle is triggered against that God. When Battle is triggered new Power Symbols cascade in place of the standard reels. The God who has the highest amount of Power Symbols will win the battle in the final move. If the Battle is won, a Free Spin with chosen power is played. If Battle is lost, a life is subtracted, and spin plays with the opposing God’s Power active. When all lives are lost, Free Spins ends. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.