Def Leppard: Hysteria Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a gameround. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Def Leppard: Hysteria is a 5x7 cascading grid slot. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 5 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols cascade down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters BREAK IT UP: On random non-winning spins, symbols shuffle into new positions and 3 to 6 WILDS are added. FIRE ME UP: Every spin, the charge meter selects a random symbol (except WILD), win with that symbol to fill the charge meter. Once the meter is filled and there are no more wins on a cascade, feature is activated, adding 3 to 6 WILDS to the grid. Charge meter resets after the feature has been activated and can be charged again with the same criteria. Charge meter is filled by collecting 5 selected symbol wins. Only the selected symbol wins are collected to charge the meter, WILDS excluded. POUR SOME SUGAR ON ME FREE SPIN: Winning on an indicated position activates a letter (SUGAR); activate all letters in a single spin to win 1 FREE SPIN. 4 to 7 Dropping MULTIPLIER WILDS will be added to the grid after a new set of symbols cascade at the start of the FREE SPIN. Dropping WILDS drop 1 step down on every cascade (destroying the symbol below it), increasing its MULTIPLIER by 1 with up to a maximum of x7. If more than 1 MULTIPLIER WILD is in a cluster, only the highest MULTIPLIER will apply. FREE SPIN cannot be re-triggered. The charge meter works the same way as in the base game. Dropping WILDS will continue to drop until it reaches the bottom part of the grid where it will disappear. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum amount of 100000 {CURRENCY}. Last modification date: 1/18/2023