Demon Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Demon is a 5x3 video slot machine with 30 fixed paylines. The Wild Mask appears on reel 3 only. A Wild Mask landing at the centre of reel 3 turns all Singer symbols into Wild Masks for that spin. Wild Amulets land on reels 1 and 5 only. To trigger Free Spins the Wild Mask must land on reel 3 in the same spin. 11 Free Spins are awarded if the Wild Mask is in the centre of the reel, 6 Free Spins are awarded if the Wild Mask is on the top or bottom of the reel. During Free Spins, each spin has a Win Multiplier value randomly selected from 2x, 3x, 5x, or 8x. Hell Spins are triggered during Free Spins when both Wild Amulets land on reel 1 and reel 5. During Hell Spins the Win Multiplier stays the same as on the triggering Free Spin. A random number of Hell spins are awarded between 4 and 8 spins. If the Wild Mask also lands on reel 3 a random number of 6 to 10 Hell Spins are awarded. If the Wild Mask lands in the centre of reel 3 during triggering or re-triggering of Hell Spins the Win Multiplier will be doubled for all remaining Hell Spins. It is possible to re-trigger Hell Spins, the win multiplier can only be doubled once during Hell Spins until all Hell Spins are played. Remaining Free Spins will continue to play after all Hell Spins are played. 7 Demon songs are included in the playlist and 1 more exclusive song, "The Devil Rides Out", will be unlocked after completion of 100 spins! The exclusive song is not available in demo mode. The song "One Helluva Night" will be played during the Free Spins feature. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.00%. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 6/24/2020