Disco Diamonds Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Disco Diamonds is a 5-reel video slot, with 243 payways. 3 or more symbols on adjacent reels from reel 1, left-to-right, will award a winning combination. If one or more SPECIAL WILD symbols land on any reel, a single DISCO RE-SPIN will be awarded. Any WILD(s) on the reels will convert to SPECIAL WILD(s). The SPECIAL WILD(s) will remain on the reels during the single re-spin; all other symbol positions generate new symbols. A X2 multiplier is applied to the DISCO RE-SPIN wins. If any additional SPECIAL WILD(s) land during the re-spin, an additional DISCO RE-SPIN is awarded. The MULTIPLIER will increase by +1 for each subsequent DISCO RE-SPIN. There is no cap to the number of DISCO RE-SPINS that can be awarded within a single game round. The BONUS WHEEL bonus feature is triggered when 3 BONUS SCATTERS land on reels 1, 3 and 5. The feature will award an INSTANT PRIZE or a FREE SPINS feature. INSTANT PRIZES multiply the bet staked by the value stated on the BONUS WHEEL. INSTANT PRIZES can be 7, 10, 25, or 50. The FREE SPINS feature can begin with 5, 7, 10, or 20 FREE SPINS. The DISCO RE-SPIN feature is active within the FREE SPINS. Any MULTIPLIER obtained in the DISCO RE-SPIN feature will carry over to the next DISCO RE-SPIN feature within the same FREE SPINS feature. FREE SPINS cannot be re-triggered. BONUS WHEEL is not active within DISCO RE-SPINS or FREE SPINS feature. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.29% Last modification date: 2/7/2023