Dr. Toonz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules DR. TOONZ is a 6-reel video slot machine, featuring MULTIPLIERS up to x64 during FREE SPINS! Winning combinations are removed. New symbols cascade into view to re-fill the empty positions to potentially form new wins. The process is repeated if new wins are continually being created. Only the highest winning combination per symbol is paid. QUANTUMETER starts at 0 to 2 charges on each spin in the base game. Each winning cascade charges it by 1, up to 3 charges in total! Fully charged QUANTUMETER activates after all winning combinations are collected. The QUANTUMETER can charge up once per spin or FREE SPIN. Each charge feature charges with a unique color. A color is chosen randomly on each spin or FREE SPIN. QUANTUM WILDS (blue): Adds 2 to 6 WILDS. METAMORPHOSIS (yellow): Transforms 5 to 8 symbols to another symbol. WILDS and SCATTERS are excluded! DISINTEGRATION (red): Removes all one-eyed symbols. Adds 2 WILDS to the reels! 3, 4, 5, 6 SCATTER symbols award 10, 15, 20, 25 FREE SPINS respectively. QUANTUMETER starts with 1 or 2 charges on each FREE SPIN. The feature cannot be retriggered. 1 or more reels on every FREE SPIN are selected to have a x2 MULTIPLIER which doubles the win amount of symbols on that reel. Up to 6 MULTIPLIERS can activate, the win amount can be multiplied up to x64. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. RTP:96.25% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Last modification date: 4/11/2023