Diamond Vortex Diamond Vortex Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Diamond Vortex is a grid slot played on a hexagonal grid. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 6 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols fall down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters. The game features three concentric rings, each one containing a Zone and a Spot. Zones are fixed in place at the top of each ring while Spots start at the bottom of each ring and rotate along the ring until they reach the Zone. There are two Wild symbols. Both substitute for all symbols except Zones, Spots, Bonus and one another. The Core Wild is permanently located into the direct center of the grid; Sticky Wilds can be added to the grid during any cascade with regular symbols. The "Rotate" feature is triggered on every win. Before new symbols are provided: the innermost ring rotates clockwise; the centermost ring rotates counterclockwise; and the outermost ring rotates clockwise. All symbols currently on the rings follow the direction of movement. Zones are always static and never move. The "Consume" feature allows you to increase the multiplier (up to a maximum of x20, only applicable to wins with the Core Wild) each time a Sticky Wild is consumed by the Core Wild. Whenever a Sticky Wild is part of a winning cluster, it hops into to an adjacent ring, always moving closer to the Core Wild. The Core Wild absorbs the Sticky Wild on its final move. The "Transform" feature randomly chooses a symbol (excluding Wild & Bonus symbols) and, after all wining clusters are achieved, transforms all regular symbols on the ring into the chosen one, creating a new winning cluster. Transforms are triggered when a Spot reaches the Zone on its ring. All Spots are reset once the outermost ring has been transformed. The "Free Spins" feature enables the Core Wild Multiplier and Spot progression to carry over across multiple spins, rather than resetting after each spin. When a Bonus symbol is collected in a Zone, the game waits until all winning clusters are achieved and then triggers Free Spins. For each Bonus collected, 5 Free Spins are awarded, and additional Free Spins can be won during the feature. The maximum number of Free Spins is 50. The RTP is 96.20%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/29/2022