Derby Wheel Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules DERBY WHEEL is a 3-reel video slot machine with 5 paylines. 3 SCATTER symbols award 1 of 2 BONUS features. The SCATTER symbols fuse into a fortune wheel with 2 segments, each marked with one of the 2 BONUS features. The mark the wheel stops on determines which bonus is awarded. HORSE RACING: triggered by getting the horse mark within the SCATTER wheel. HORSE RACING can also be triggered by landing the HORSE RACING mark from BIG WHEEL. Player can choose from a WIN (Pick the 1st horse), an EXACTA (Pick the 1st and 2nd horse in exact order), and TRIFECTA (Pick the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd horse in exact order) bet option. Payouts are multiplied if multiple horses are selected and finish in the exact order. Skipping HORSE RACING awards a fixed x40 prize. BIG WHEEL: triggered by getting the big wheel mark within the SCATTER wheel. Player gets 1 spin on the BIG WHEEL. The wheel awards instant prizes multiplied by total bet. The BIG WHEEL has the multipliers: x10, x15, x20, x30, x50, x100 and x200. Landing the HORSE RACING mark triggers HORSE RACING. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. During HORSE RACING feature, if Auto Play is enabled and set not to stop at FREE SPINS, the NO BET option will be automatically chosen which will guarantee a x40 win. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 2/21/2023