Enchanted Crystals Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Enchanted Crystals is a 5-reel video slot game with 243 pay ways to win on. Enchanted Crystals includes a wild symbol (the crystal), a bonus scatter symbol (the goblin king) and a free spin scatter symbol (the butterfly). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the goblin king and the butterfly) to help comprise winning combinations. A wild appearing on reel 2, 3 or 4 expands to cover the entire reel. An expanded wild on reel 2, 3 or 4 triggers the re-spin feature; 1 re-spin is awarded per expanding wild. The expanded wild is held in place on the reel during the entire re-spin feature, and substitutes for any other symbol (except the goblin king and the butterfly). Three goblin king symbols on the reels triggers the Find the Crystal bonus game where doorways are selected inside the Goblins’ lair. The goal is to reach the Goblin king’s chamber unnoticed and find the crystal by picking the correct treasure chest. Each door can award additional money. Finding the crystal will award a large amount of money! If you are noticed, the bonus game ends. Three butterfly symbols on the reels triggers the free spin feature. The butterfly symbol is wild during the free spins feature and substitutes for any other symbols. During the feature, up to 5 wild butterflies will fly around on the screen, when the reels stop some or all of the wild butterflies may land on the symbols on the reels, turning them to wilds. The free spin feature can be re-triggered up to a total of 50 spins by getting a wild butterfly on a butterfly symbol. The bonus game cannot be triggered during the free spin feature. The Goblin King symbol only appears on reel 1, 3 and 5. The Butterfly symbol and the Crystal symbol only appears on reel 2, 3 and 4. The Crystal symbol and the Goblin King symbol do not appear during free spins. The RTP is 96%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 4/6/2017