Energoonz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Energoonz is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Energoonz includes a wild symbol (the plasma ball). The wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol to help comprise winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after collected and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The wild symbol appears at the middle symbol when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. A win multiplier is increased at each new drop. If all symbols are removed from the grid, a special full clear win is awarded. Energoonz includes a bonus game. The bonus game is a set of free game rounds and is triggered if a column with "BONUS" is fully cleared from symbols. A multiplier is set based on the number of fully cleared "BONUS" columns. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more matching symbols anywhere on the grid. All wins in the bonus game are multiplied by the multiplier. During the bonus game a different set of symbols is used and the wild symbol does not appear. Getting 5 or more bonus symbols (the energy container) during the bonus game will award additional bonus rounds, up to a maximum of 20 consecutive bonus rounds. One additional bonus round is awarded per energy container in the winning combination. The RTP is 96.69%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 40.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 12/20/2022