Fortune Teller Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Fortune Teller is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 20 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Fortune Teller includes a wild symbol (the crystal ball), a scatter symbol (the cat) and a bonus symbol (the tarot cards). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the cat and the tarot cards) to help comprise winning combinations. Two or more scatter symbols that appear anywhere on the reels constitute a win. Fortune Teller features two bonus rounds: the Cat Spin round and the Tarot Card bonus round. Three or more cat symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Cat Spin round; a sequence of free spins commences in which the cat symbol is wild. Three tarot cards symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Tarot Cards bonus round. The RTP is 96%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 4/6/2017