Fortunes of Ali Baba Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Fortune of Ali Baba is a 5-reel video slot played with 20 paylines, paying from left to right. Fortune of Ali Baba includes Arabian treasures as the high-paying symbols and 4 low paying royal symbols. The Scatter symbol is Morgiana the slave girl and Ali Baba is the Wild. In Free Spins there is an additional Thieves Wild. 2 Scatter symbols landing on the first and last reel trigger the Den of Thieves Bonus feature. Select pots to reveal instant prizes and Free Spin triggers. There are up to 5 levels in the Den of Thieves Bonus. If an Instant Prize is revealed the Bonus progresses to the next level. If the Free Spins is revealed the player will progress to Free Spins. If the thieves appear the feature ends. At Level 1 players can win up to 10x Total Bet as an Instant Prize. At Levels 2-3 players can win up to 10x Total Bet per level in Instant Prizes or trigger the Free Spins or get caught by the thieves; At Level 4 players can win up to 100x Total Bet, trigger Free Spins or get caught by the thieves; At Level 5 players can either trigger Free Spins or get caught by the thieves. If Free Spins is triggered, any instant prizes already collected are applied to the end total. 8 Free Spins are awarded initially. An Ali Baba Wild is applied to every spin. If a Thieves Wild lands it triggers a re-spin. During the re-spin the Thieves Wild will move towards the Ali Baba Wild leaving Wilds in its path. If more than one Thieves Wild lands they will move at the same time. Landing 2 Scatters in Free Spins adds 2 more Free Spins and increases the multiplier for the subsequent spins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.63% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 6/24/2020