Frozen Gems Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules FROZEN GEMS is a 5-reel video slot machine with up to 8748 ways to win! The game features frozen BONUS SYMBOLS on top of the reels that, once unfrozen, apply unique effects on the reels below, and a constantly available MULTIPLIER that increments by 1 on each additional cascade, multiplies all the wins but resets on each spin. The BONUS SYMBOLS are two x2 SPLITTING SCATTERS, and either two BONUS WILDS and one x3 SPLITTING SCATTER, or one BONUS WILD and two x3 SPLITTING SCATTERS. Their distribution is randomized on each new spin. All BONUS SYMBOLS are frozen and need 3 winning symbols or SCATTERS on the corresponding reel to be freed and trigger a unique effect on that reel! BONUS WILDS transform all symbols to WILDS. SPLITTING SCATTERS split all symbols into 2 or 3, increasing the number of ways to win. WILDS on the normal reels are included, but SCATTERS are excluded. 3 SCATTERS trigger FROZEN SPINS with 9 initial FREE SPINS, but each SCATTER awards 1 extra spin during FREE SPINS. 3 SCATTERS on the trigger award a 5x the bet payout, while each subsequent SCATTER awards an additional 5x the bet payout. This feature is not active during FREE SPINS. SCATTER wins are not multiplied by the MULTIPLIER. MULTIPLIER is carried over into, and it builds up progressively during FREE SPINS. The number of FREE SPINS and the MULTIPLIER are unlimited! Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Spin / Start- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Last modification date: 5/16/2023