Fire Toad Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Fire Toad is a 5-reel video slot with 1024 payways. The Firefly SCATTER symbol also functions as the WILD symbol, and substitutes for all symbols. There are 5 different sized Toad symbols and 4 Hawaiian themed card suit symbols. The biggest Toad is the highest paying symbol, while the smallest tadpole is the least expensive one. If exactly 2 SCATTERS land on the reels during the base game, a Toad symbol is chosen at random, and all smaller size toad symbols will upgrade to the chosen symbol. Payout is calculated after upgrade. No wins guaranteed. 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols award 9, 12 or 15 FREE SPINS. The FREE SPINS begin with the smallest toad already upgraded one size. The FREE SPINS feature can be retriggered an unlimited number of times. 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols award 3, 4 or 5 Extra FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS, on each retrigger, the smallest available Toad symbol will upgrade one size, until all Toads are the biggest size. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 1024 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 96.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/9/2023