Fangs And Fire Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Fangs & Fire is a 5-reel game with 243 win ways. The game includes the SERPENT SCATTER (dragon symbol) symbol, PROWLER SCATTER (tiger symbol) symbol, and a BONUS symbol (gong symbol). SERPENT SCATTER is a special symbol that triggers the SERPENT BONUS, PROWLER SCATTER is a special symbol that triggers the PROWLER BONUS, a combination of both can trigger the SERPENT & PROWLER BONUS, when a required number appears anywhere on the reels. BONUS symbols are symbols that activate a bonus game when landed in the correct amount and location. RE-SPIN is a feature where certain symbols stay in place while the rest of the reels spin again. Premium Symbols are high-paying symbols that provide higher premium payouts, represented by theme-related icons and rare items. Royals symbols are low-paying symbols that provide smaller payouts, represented by playing card values (10, J, Q, K, A). The Link'n GO feature is triggered when two or more Gong symbols form an uninterrupted horizontal line on the reels. Each Gong symbol reveals a number or an arrow symbol. Each arrow symbol is sequentially activated and moved to the line's leftmost position, increasing the first symbol's numerical value. The position vacated by the activated arrow symbol then shows 0. The value on a single Gong in the Link'n GO line can be: 0-10, 15, 20, 25, or 40. All final values on adjacent Gong symbols in the line create a number, which is then multiplied to get a winning amount. The Link’n GO multiplier depends on the set bet. CELESTIAL GONG BONUS can be randomly triggered if there is at least one gong on the grid, but there are no payway wins, the Link'n Go feature has not been activated, and neither the PROWLER BONUS, SERPENT BONUS, nor SERPENT & PROWLER BONUS have been triggered. A random number of gong symbols, ranging from 3 to 10, will be added to the grid randomly. If the gongs form a win, the player will receive a reward according to the Link'n GO rules. The visual state of the Big Gong at the top of the reels does not affect the chance of randomly triggering a bonus or the number of gongs added to the grid. The PROWLER BONUS is triggered by landing 3 or more PROWLER SCATTER in any position. The player receives 3 re-spins on a 5x3 grid. Each position spins individually and can result in either a gong or an empty space. Landing a gong resets the re-spin counter back to 3. The feature ends when all the re-spins are consumed, or the reels are filled with 15 gongs. After the game ends, adjacent gongs form wins according to the Link'n GO rules. The BONUS can also be randomly triggered by landing 1 or 2 PROWLER SCATTER (when no SERPENT SCATTER are in view) in the base game. The visual state of the tiger statue does not affect the chance of randomly triggering the BONUS. The SERPENT BONUS is triggered by landing 3 or more SERPENT SCATTERS in any position. The player receives 1 spin on a 5x7 grid. Each position spins individually and can result in either a gong or an empty space. After the spinning ends, adjacent gongs form wins according to the Link'n GO rules. The BONUS can also be randomly triggered by landing 1 or 2 SERPENT SCATTERS (when no PROWLER SCATTERS are in view) in the base game. The visual state of the dragon statue does not affect the chance of randomly triggering the BONUS. The SERPENT & PROWLER BONUS is triggered by landing any combination of 5 SCATTERS in any position that includes both SERPENT and PROWLER symbols. The player receives 3 RE-SPINS on a 5x7 grid. Each position spins individually and can result in either a gong or an empty space. At the start of the feature, only the bottom 3 rows are unlocked. The remaining 4 rows will be sequentially unlocked after landing a total of 6, 9, 14, and 19 gongs on the active rows. Landing 30 gongs in the unlocked rows additionally awards the MYTHICAL PRIZE, which is 5000 times the bet. Landing a gong on any unlocked row resets the re-spin counter to 3. The feature ends when all the re-spins are consumed, or the reels are filled with 35 gongs. After the game ends, adjacent gongs form wins according to the Link'n GO rules. The BONUS can also be randomly triggered by landing both 1 or 2 PROWLER SCATTERS and 1 or 2 SERPENT SCATTERS in the base game. The visual state of the tiger and dragon statue does not affect the chance of randomly triggering the bonus. The average RTP is 94.34%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 1500000 coins. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/10/2026