Fire Joker Freeze Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Fire Joker Freeze is a 3-reel video slot with 5 fixed paylines. The FIRE JOKER and the ICE JOKER are WILDS and will substitute for ANY symbol. All symbols can appear as a stack. ICE JOKER can become a stack on a non-winning spin and if there is a chance to trigger the wheel feature. RE-SPIN OF ICE is triggered when there is an ICE JOKER on a non-winning spin. The ICE JOKER sticks in place and then becomes a stack to cover the reel. Only the reels that do not contain the ICE JOKER will RE-SPIN. RE-SPIN OF FIRE is triggered when there are 2 stacks of the same symbol on a non-winning spin. Stacked reels stick in place and the other reel will RE-SPIN. Where two different reels would RE-SPIN, then the reels that would give you the biggest potential reward will remain in place. WHEEL OF FIRE AND ICE is triggered when all reel positions are filled with the same symbol (including FIRE JOKER and ICE JOKER WILD). WHEEL OF FIRE AND ICE is a wheel of MULTIPLIERS that has 4 wheels with different MULTIPLIERS. The wheel always starts at the innermost wheel, unless there is an ICE JOKER stack on the spin that triggers the wheel feature. When there are 2 stacks of the same symbol and there is an ICE JOKER on the other reel, the ICE JOKER will immediately become a stack to trigger the wheel. If the player triggers the wheel with one stack of an ICE JOKER, then the player will start to play on the 2nd wheel instead of on the innermost wheel. If the player triggers the wheel with two stacks of an ICE JOKER, then the player will start to play on the 3rd wheel. If the player triggers the wheel with three or full-screen stacks of an ICE JOKER, then the player will start to play on the 4th wheel. When the wheel stops on the MULTIPLIER, the MULTIPLIER multiplies the winnings on the spin that triggers the wheel. If the wheel stops on the SNOWFLAKE symbol, the current wheel will be removed and the player advances to the next wheel, giving the player another spin with a new set of MULTIPLIERS. Wheel 1 MULTIPLIERS: x2, x3, x4 and a SNOWFLAKE symbol. Wheel 2 MULTIPLIERS: x3, x4, x5 and a SNOWFLAKE symbol. Wheel 3 MULTIPLIERS: x4, x5, x6 and a SNOWFLAKE symbol. Wheel 4 MULTIPLIERS: x6, x10 and x20. The RTP is 96.18 %. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 12/13/2022