Fire Joker 100 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Fire Joker 100 is a 3-reel game with 5 fixed paylines. The FIRE JOKER is a WILD symbol that can appear in any position on all 3 reels. It substitutes for all other symbols to help form winning combinations. All symbols can appear stacked on any reel, triggering a visual effect that indicates a full stack has landed. Landing the same symbol (any symbol, including WILD (FIRE JOKER)) stacked on all 3 reels triggers the WHEEL OF FIRE bonus feature, which awards a spin on the MULTIPLIER WHEEL. One of the following multipliers is randomly selected to multiply the winnings on the spin that triggered the feature: x2, x3, x5, x10, x20, or x100. The wheel layout does not accurately reflect the multiplier probabilities. Landing a non-winning spin with 2 reels stacked with the same symbol (any symbol, including WILD (FIRE JOKER)) triggers the RE-SPIN OF FIRE feature, which awards a re-spin of the non-stacked reel for a second chance to win. This re-spin can happen on any of the 3 reels. The 2 stacked reels remain in position, while the non-stacked reel re-spins. If 2 different reels satisfy the condition to re-spin, the reel with the higher-value symbol remains, while the reel with the lower-value symbol re-spins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.21% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 10/28/2025