Free Reelin’ Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 96.17% Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Free Reelin’ Joker is a 3-reel video slot with 1 payline. The game initially has 3 reels. Activating the FREE REELIN' FUN feature adds an additional reel. Up to 3 additional reels can be added in total. FREE REELIN’ JOKER and GOLDEN JOKER are WILDS which substitute for all symbols. GOLDEN JOKER can double a win when part of a winning line. GOLDEN JOKER can only land on the reels once in a game round. FREE REELIN’ FUN is a reel expansion feature. The feature is triggered when a win includes at least 1 JOKER. The feature cannot be triggered if the win is a MIXED WIN. FREE REELIN' FUN adds an additional reel onto the initial 3. If the additional reel successfully increases the size of the win then another reel is added, up to a total maximum of 3 additional reels. When no further additional reels are added, the feature ends and the wins are evaluated. After the win is evaluated, the game round ends and the new round starts with an initial 3 reels. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 6/5/2025