Fat Frankies Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Fat Frankies is a 5x3 video slot game with 243 ways to win. Landing a BONUS SCATTER on reels 1,3 and 5 triggers FRANKIES SPECIAL. FRANKIES SPECIAL can randomly award 1 of 4 features – BURGER BONANZA, FLIP THE TIP, GREASY WILDS, and 5 STAR SPINS. BURGER BONANZA: This feature activates a Re-Spin. Only burgers land during this feature. They are sticky and each time one or more lands, you are awarded an extra Re-Spin with up to 15 spins. The feature ends when no burger lands on the reels. FLIP THE TIP: This feature gives you 3 coins. The credit prize increases if the coin gets inside the jar. If the coin does not fall into the jar, a coin is lost; otherwise, life is regained. The available credit prizes are 5x, 10x, 20x, 100x, 250x, 500x, 1000x, and 2500x multiplied by the total bet staked. The feature ends when no remaining coins are left, or the maximum credit prize is achieved. GREASY WILDS: A spin with 1 to 5 WILD reels will be randomly added to the grid. 5 STAR SPINS: 10 Free Spins awarded initially. Landing a Star on reels 1,3 or 5 activates 1 Multiplier and adds 2 Free Spins. Maximum of 20 Free Spins and X6 Multipliers. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 12/20/2022