Fire Joker Fire Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules The reels can set fire at any moment in Fire Joker, a 3-reel video slot game with 5 fixed paylines. A combination of three matching symbols along any payline constitutes as a win. The devilish Fire Joker is a wild symbol that can appear in any position on all three reels. It substitutes for all normal symbols to help comprise winning combinations. Trigger the RESPIN OF FIRE feature when stacked symbols show on any two reels with no winning paylines. One free re-spin is then awarded on the third reel! The stacked symbols remain in place during the re-spin. If there would be the possibility of two different reels to re-spin, then the reels that will give you the biggest potential reward will remain in place! Spin the fiery Wheel of Multipliers when all reel positions are filled with the same symbol, where your total win can bubble up by a random value up to a maximum of x10! The RTP is 96.15%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.05 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/22/2022