Forge of Gems Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules FORGE OF GEMS is a 5-reel cascading video slot machine with up to 36,288 ways to win! Featuring win multipliers and FREE SPINS feature. The top horizontal reel (FORGE REEL) which is not part of the winways, is inactive. FORGE REEL symbols take effect when cascading. Winning combinations are removed. Symbols from FORGE REEL cascade, and then empty positions are re-filled on all reels to potentially form new wins. The process is repeated if new wins are continually being created. Only the highest winning combination per symbol is paid. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and FORGE REEL symbols. When a Multiplier symbol cascades, the win multiplier increases by one. Winning combinations are multiplied by the displayed value. The win multiplier resets between each spin, except during FREE SPINS. FORGE REEL WILD symbols are: Vertical WILD; which turns all symbols except SCATTER into WILDS on the reel. Horizontal WILD; which turns matching normal symbols on the row into WILDS. FORGE REEL Splitter symbols are: Vertical Splitter; which splits matching symbols on the reel. Horizontal Splitter; which splits symbols except SCATTERS on a row and is also WILD. Symbols can be split up to three! FORGE REEL other symbols are: Multiplier; which increases win multiplier by one. Blank symbol; which is removed when cascading. The Red Flower Jewel is the SCATTER symbol, which can land on all normal reels or cascade from FORGE REEL. 3+ SCATTER symbols award GEMBOX. Inside GEMBOX there are instant prizes, FREE SPINS or both. Possible GEMBOX rewards with 3 SCATTERS: Total bet x20 prize, 8 FREE SPINS, 10 FREE SPINS. Possible GEMBOX rewards with 4 SCATTERS: Total bet x30 prize, 10 FREE SPINS, 15 FREE SPINS. Possible GEMBOX rewards with 5+ SCATTERS: Total bet x40 prize + 10 FREE SPINS, 15 FREE SPINS, 20 FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS there are no Blanks on FORGE REEL and a multiplier symbol is guaranteed. Win multiplier never resets in FREE SPINS. The FREE SPIN feature cannot be re-triggered. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/29/2025