Fruit Bonanza Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Fruit Bonanza is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 9 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Fruit Bonanza includes a jackpot symbol (the horn of plenty) and a scatter symbol. Two or more scatter symbols anywhere on the reels constitute a win. Get three jackpot symbols on any active line to win the Fruit Jackpot. Get four jackpot symbols on any active line to win the Juice Jackpot. Get five jackpot symbols on any line 1 through 8 to win the Bonanza Jackpot. Get five jackpot symbols on line 9 to win the Super Jackpot. The RTP is 93.05% including progressive jackpots. The RTP is 85.89% when not playing at max bet. Review the paytable to see how the jackpot can be won. A percentage of the bet is contributed to the progressive jackpots. The displayed value of the jackpot might differ from the actual value due to delays in the communication with the server. If two players win the jackpot at approximately the same time the first winner will receive the full value of the jackpot and the second winner will receive the re-seeded value of the jackpot. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN . When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 5/4/2017