Fate of Dead Blitzways Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information BLITZWAYS wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple BLITZWAYS in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to BLITZWAYS wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically on adjacent reels and without any gaps, across a minimum of 3 reels. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules FATE OF DEAD BLITZWAYS is a 5-reel video slot with MULTIPLIER WILDS and up to 16807 BLITZWAYS. FATE OF DEAD BLITZWAYS is a cascading game played on 5 reels. A random number of symbols ranging from 2-7 spin into each reel to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a connected cluster covering at least 3 reels where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the reels. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. Whenever wins are achieved, one or more WILDS are created. Each cluster that did not use a WILD will create a WILD. Clusters that use a WILD will create a MULTIPLIER WILD; the resulting multiplier is dependent on the amount of WILDS and multipliers used. If multiple clusters use the same WILDS, then they will create a combined MULTIPLIER WILD. WILDS substitute for all other symbols, except SCATTERS. Landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols in a round will trigger 8 FREE SPINS. At the start of the FREE SPINS, a wild is created on a random position. For the duration of the FREE SPINS, all wilds are sticky. Landing 1 SCATTER during a free spin round will add 1 additional FREE SPIN, up to a maximum of 46 FREE SPINS. SYMBOLS These are the basic symbols that form winning combinations. They consist of Queen Nitocris, Anubis, Pharaoh, and Thoth symbols which are the higher paying compared to the lower paying Nine, Ten, Jack, Queen, King, and Ace symbols. SCATTER SYMBOLS SCATTER symbols are available in the base game and FREE SPINS. In the base game, SCATTER symbols can land on any reel but only 1 per reel. A maximum of 5 SCATTER symbols can land on a spin and do not need to form a winning payway to be awarded. SCATTER symbols can fall in on any cascade Land 3 or more SCATTER symbols anywhere to award FREE SPINS In FREE SPINS, SCATTER symbols can land on any reel but only 1 SCATTER symbol can land during a FREE SPIN. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 20000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 1/13/2026