Fulong 88 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Fulong 88 is a 5-reel slot game with 243 Payways; expandable up to 576 payways through splitting Wilds. During the Base Game, there is the option to play with 1 to 5 upgraded symbols. When upgraded the symbols become golden. The golden symbols multiply the base bet and the possible value of wins. When all symbols are upgraded, the base bet is a maximum of x88. During the Bonus Game round, the golden symbols unlock higher value Instant Win prizes. Coin Symbols have a chance to activate Bonus Game. Once a Coin Symbol has been collected, it transforms into a Wild Symbol. During Free Spins landing a Coin Symbol is guaranteed to activate the Bonus Game. 2 or more Symbols must be upgraded to activate the Bonus Game. The Bonus Game will award an Instant Win prize. The availability of Instant Win prizes depends on the number of Symbols the player has upgraded to gold. 2 golden symbols unlock the Mini Instant Win. 3 golden symbols unlock the Minor Instant Win. 4 golden symbols unlock the Major Instant Win. 5 golden symbols unlock the Grand Instant Win. In the Bonus Game, the player chooses Coins that will be flipped to reveal corresponding Instant Win prize symbols. The bonus game ends when 3 of the same matching symbols have been revealed, resulting in the corresponding Instant Win prize being won. Player can also choose to Auto Pick the Coins in the Bonus Game by pressing the spin button. This feature randomly reveals Coins for the player until an Instant Win prize has been won. In the Base game the Wild symbol has a random chance of splitting. During the Free Spins Feature, all Wilds are guaranteed to split. Free Spins can be achieved by landing 3 or more Scatters on the reels. During the Free Spins Feature landing 3 or more Scatters awards the player with an additional 10 Free Spins. The maximum number of Free Spins achievable is 150. During the Free Spins, all of the Lowest Paying Symbols are removed from the reels. In addition, all Wilds are guaranteed to split, landing Coin Symbols are guaranteed to activate the Bonus Game and landing 3 or more Scatters will award 10 more Free Spins. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.08 USD Maximum Bet: 88.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 7/9/2024