Fox Mayhem Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Fox Mayhem is a 5-reel video slot game with 20 fixed paylines. The WILD substitutes for all symbols except for SCATTER and Cash Symbols. It can land on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. The SCATTER is not available during FREE SPINS. It can land on any reel. The Cash Symbols can land anywhere on the reels. Only 1 Cash Symbol can appear per reel, a maximum of 5 Cash Symbols on a single spin. The Prizes in Cash Symbols can be: 1x, 5x or 10x the total bet. The maximum individual Prize value is 10x the total bet. The Prizes in the Cash Symbols are collected in the Prize meter when PRIZE COLLECTION is triggered. Also, the Prizes are collected during the PRIZE COLLECTION and FREE SPINS. The Prizes are won at the end of each feature. 3-5 Cash Symbols on a single spin award PRIZE COLLECTION. The feature can be triggered in Base Game and FREE SPINS. Only Cash Symbols can land on the reels during PRIZE COLLECTION. The feature starts with 3 Collection Spins. Cash Symbols that land on the reels are held until the feature is finished. The Collection Spins reset to 3 each time any Cash Symbols land on the reels. All Prizes of Cash Symbols are collected instantly. PRIZE COLLECTION ends when all Collection Spins are used or 15 Cash Symbols are collected. 3, 4, or 5 SCATTERS trigger 10, 12, or 15 FREE SPINS, respectively. During FREE SPINS, the number of Cash Symbols is increased on the reels. All Prizes of Cash Symbols are collected instantly. A MULTIPLIER is randomly awarded at the start of FREE SPINS. The MULTIPLIER is either x2, x5, x10 or x20. The PRIZE COLLECTION feature can be triggered during FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS resumes when PRIZE COLLECTION ends. All the Prizes collected in PRIZE COLLECTION are added to the Prize meter. FREE SPINS cannot be retriggered. The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 15. At the end of FREE SPINS, the awarded MULTIPLIER is multiplied by the total collected Prize in the Prize meter. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/3/2023