Fire Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules The reels can set fire at any moment in Fire Joker, a 3-reel video slot game with 5 fixed paylines. A combination of three matching symbols along any payline constitutes as a win. The devilish Fire Joker is a wild symbol that can appear in any position on all three reels. It substitutes for all normal symbols to help comprise winning combinations. Trigger the RESPIN OF FIRE feature when stacked symbols show on any two reels with no winning paylines. One free re-spin is then awarded on the third reel! The stacked symbols remain in place during the re-spin. If there would be the possibility of two different reels to re-spin, then the reels that will give you the biggest potential reward will remain in place! Spin the fiery Wheel of Multipliers when all reel positions are filled with the same symbol, where your total win can bubble up by a random value up to a maximum of x10! The RTP is 96.15 %. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Last modification date: 1/25/2023