Fu Er Dai Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules FU ER DAI is a flashy, elegant 5-reel video slot game with 10 fixed lines. The game features an expanding WILD symbol and the chance to win free re-spins with a sticky WILD and a sequence of up to 20 free WIN SPINS, on which WILDS are sticky and prizes are always guaranteed! The symbol depicting the dragon girls is a wild symbol that can appear on the three inner reels (2, 3 and 4). The wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel on which it lands and can substitute for any other ordinary symbol to help form a winning combination along any line. When a single wild symbol appears on any reel, a free consecutive re-spin is triggered. The expanded wild symbol sticks (remains in place) during the re-spin. When two or more wild symbols appear, an initial sequence of 5 free WIN SPINS is triggered. A prize is guaranteed on each WIN SPIN! Each expanded wild symbol on the preceding spin sticks (remains in place) on the next spin in a WIN SPIN sequence. Each wild symbol can remain sticky for up to three consecutive WIN SPINS if at least one new wild symbol appears on the preceding spin. Each wild symbol that appears during a WIN SPIN also triggers one additional WIN SPIN. You can win a consecutive sequence of up to 20 rewarding WIN SPINS! The RTP is 96.50%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 12/6/2017