Gemix 100 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Gemix 100 is a 7x7 cascading game. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in clusters. These are removed and new symbols fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. All wins during a game round contribute to increasing the CRYSTAL CHARGE meter. When the first half of the CRYSTAL CHARGE meter is fully charged by 25 winning symbols and there are no more cascades, the CRYSTAL CHARGE effect is activated, triggering one of the following effects: CHAIN LIGHTNING: Two corner symbols shoot out an electrical arc hitting symbols. These symbols are transformed into one of the corner symbols. LIGHT BEAM: Light rays shoot out vertically and horizontally from a symbol on the grid. All symbols in the affected column and row are transformed to other symbols. CRYSTAL WARP: A symbol is selected on the grid. The selected symbol and all matching symbols are warped to other symbols. NOVA BLAST: A symbol is selected on the grid and explodes. Adjacent symbols are removed from the grid in a 7-symbol diameter explosion, leaving behind a cluster of core symbols. This core consists of the same symbol. The game continues normally after the effect, allowing the CRYSTAL CHARGE meter to charge up for more effects, possibly creating additional wins! Collect 35 winning symbols to SUPERCHARGE the CRYSTAL CHARGE Meter, activating a CRYSTAL CHARGE effect plus doubling the multiplier. Each of Gemix 100’s 3 Worlds features unique patterns that you must complete by winning on the specified grid positions. Clear each world’s patterns to advance to the next and boost the multiplier by X5! Miner’s world: WILD symbols drop down from the top and land on different positions in the grid, replacing the regular symbols. Up to 10 WILD symbols can appear. These WILD symbols are removed if part of a winning combination. Princess’ world: An edge symbol is picked to act as a starting point. The symbol is turned into a WILD symbol. The WILD symbol then spreads to adjacent symbols until it reaches one of the edge symbols of the grid. These WILD symbols are removed if part of a winning combination. Wizard’s world: Up to 4 STICKY WILDS can appear in different positions on the grid. The STICKY WILD symbols do not drop down when symbols below are removed and are also not removed when part of any winning combination. STICKY WILDS stay for one game round or until CRYSTAL CHARGE is triggered. Only the highest multiplier is used for each winning cluster. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 25000 times total bet. Last modification date: 11/26/2024