Gemix 2 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Gemix 2 is a 7x7 cascading video slot game. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in clusters. These are removed and new symbols fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. All wins during a game round contribute to increasing the CRYSTAL CHARGE meter. When the first half of the CRYSTAL CHARGE meter is fully charged by 25 winning symbols and there are no more cascades, the CRYSTAL CHARGE effect is activated, triggering one of the following effects: • CHAIN LIGHTNING: Two corner symbols shoot out an electrical arc hitting symbols. These symbols are transformed into one of the corner symbols. • LIGHT BEAM: Light rays shoot out vertically and horizontally from a symbol on the grid. All symbols in the affected column and row are transformed to other symbols. • CRYSTAL WARP: A symbol is selected on the grid. The selected symbol and all matching symbols are warped to other symbols. • NOVA BLAST: A symbol is selected on the grid and explodes. Adjacent symbols are removed from the grid in a 7 symbol diameter explosion, leaving behind a cluster of core symbols. This core consists of the same symbol. The game continues normally after the effect, allowing the CRYSTAL CHARGE meter to charge up for more effects, possibly creating additional wins! Collect 50 winning symbols to SUPER CHARGE the CRYSTAL CHARGE Meter, activating all four CRYSTAL CHARGE Effects simultaneously plus a X2 multiplier. Retriggers with each additional 50 winning symbols collected, causing the MULTIPLIER to increment X2 up to a maximum of X20. Each of Gemix 2's 4 Worlds has 2 patterns that you must complete, by winning on the indicated grid positions. Complete each world's patterns to move onto the next world. Each time you complete a World, you have the opportunity to play the PICK A POCKET game, where you can win the current World Bonus. The World Bonus is increased with any win during a game round. Each world has a guardian. There are up to 4 different guardians that can appear during play, each with a unique WILD symbol. The guardian of the world will be the first one to appear. These WILD symbols substitute for any other symbol to help comprise winning combinations. These wild symbols are removed if part of a winning combination. WILDS turn into Miner WILDS if CRYSTAL CHARGE is triggered during the game round. • Sky Knight’s world: Up to 2 2x2 MEGA WILDS can appear on the grid, behaving as if they were single symbols with a +X1 MULTIPLIER. If 2 MEGA WILDS are part of the same winning combination, both substitute for a single symbol and only one MULTIPLIER is applied to the win. • Miner’s world: WILD symbols drop down from the top and land on different positions in the grid, replacing the regular symbols. Up to 10 WILD symbols can appear. These WILD symbols are removed if part of a winning combination. • Princess’ world: An edge symbol is picked to act as a starting point. The symbol is turned into a WILD symbol. The WILD symbol then spreads to adjacent symbols until it reaches one of the edge symbols of the grid. These WILD symbols are removed if part of a winning combination. • Wizard’s world: Up to 5 STICKY WILDS can appear in different positions on the grid. The STICKY WILD symbols do not drop down when symbols below are removed and are also not removed when part of any winning combination. STICKY WILDS stay for one game round or until CRYSTAL CHARGE is triggered. Only the highest multiplier is used for each winning cluster. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Rtp:96.26% Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 4/28/2023