Golden Ticket 2 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Golden Ticket 2 is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being paid. Remaining symbols drop to fill the gaps to potentially create new wins. A win multiplier is increased by one with each new drop. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols, and is created in the middle position when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed. WILD symbols are removed from the grid if they are the only symbol type left on the grid. The MULTIPLIER WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols. The available multipliers are x1, x2 and x3. MULTIPLIER WILD symbols can either be 1x1 or 2x2 in size. Multiple MULTIPLIER WILD symbols do not combine. MULTIPLIER WILD symbols will only apply to the winnings that the MULTIPLIER WILD symbols participate in. The meter on-screen is charged when winning with performer character symbols only. Wins consisting of 3, 4 or 5 symbols fill the meter with 1, 2, or 3 sections respectively. Trigger the MULTIPLIER WILDS feature by filling the meter with 3 sections. 1 or 2 MULTIPLIER WILDS (1x1) will be placed randomly on the grid before the game continues as normal. The multiplier is dependent on the on-screen character. The feature can only be triggered once per game round. The character changes after each activation. Trigger FREE SPINS by clearing the “BONUS” row. Choose 1 of the 3 options. • 5 FREE SPINS with x3 MULTIPLIER WILD. • 7 FREE SPINS with x2 MULTIPLIER WILD. • 9 FREE SPINS with x1 MULTIPLIER WILD. During FREE SPINS, filling the meter with 3 sections will trigger a WIN SPIN with the respectively chosen MULTIPLIER WILD (2x2). A new grid of symbols is provided and the MULTIPLIER WILD (2x2) is placed randomly on the grid before the gae round continues as normal. The win multiplier is reset between a FREE SPIN and WIN SPIN. During WIN SPINS, filling the meter with 5 sections will re-trigger a WIN SPIN with the respectively chosen MULTIPLIER WILD (2x2), and will not reset the win multiplier between consecutive WIN SPINS. Clear the entire grid of symbols to win an instant prize. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/16/2023