Gargantoonz Gargantoonz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules GARGANTOONZ is a 7x7 cascading game. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in clusters. These are removed and new symbols fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. WILDS substitute for all symbols! A one-eyed symbol type is chosen randomly to fluctuate on each round. If fluctuating symbols win, 1 to 2 QUANTUM WILDS appear on any spot where a symbol was removed. On any non-winning round, 4 to 8 QUANTUM WILDS may be added to the grid randomly. EXPERIMENT CHARGER: If no experiments are ongoing, any winning clusters charge the charger. 20 symbols charge up the charger in this state. When fully filled, an experiment is randomly picked after all winning cascades are complete. Another experiment follows if an experiment is successful, until all 3 are completed. If not, the experiment cycle concludes. EXPERIMENT CHARGER: At the start of an experiment, unique WILDS are added to the grid and all existing WILDS turn into the same WILD. When an experiment is ongoing, only the WILDS return charge to the experiment charger with their symbol values. 40 symbols charge up the charger in this state. 40 additional symbols overcharge the charger and increase the GARGANTOONZ multiplier by 1. EXPERIMENT - GAMMA RAY BURST: 7 to 9 WILDS are added to the grid. Winning WILDS count the number of symbols in their clusters before removing and counting all instances of the same symbols. Additionally removed symbols are counted once even if there are multiple winning clusters with the same symbol type. When the symbols are counted, the WILDS leave the grid immediately and charge the experiment charger before any cascade initiates. EXPERIMENT - BLACK HOLE: 4 to 6 WILDS are added to the grid. Winning WILDS count the symbols in their clusters and remain on the grid until there are wins. When all winning cascades are done, WILDS collect all horizontally, vertically, and diagonally adjacent symbols and leave to charge the experiment charger. Symbols removed by an experiment WILD effect are counted only once. If 3 or more WILDS are in the same cluster, they trigger their effect immediately, leave the grid and charge the experiment charger instead of remaining on the grid. EXPERIMENT - SUPERNOVA: 3 to 5 WILDS are added to the grid. Winning WILDS count the symbols in their clusters, remain on the grid if there are wins, and step one diagonally on each new cascade if possible, but they may not intersect. When all winning cascades are done, WILDS move 8 steps in any possible direction, collect symbols in their path and leave to charge the experiment charger. If 3 or more WILDS are in the same cluster, they trigger their effect immediately, leave the grid and charge the experiment charger instead of remaining on the grid. GARGANTOON CHARGER: Each successful experiment counts towards the GARGANTOON charger and makes the GARGANTOON evolve. The GARGANTOON charger starts with a multiplier of x1 that is relevant to the GARGANTOONZ feature, and each overcharged experiment adds an increment of 1 to this multiplier. x1, x2, x3, or x4 multipliers can be applied to the feature. If all 3 experiments are successful, the GARGANTOONZ feature triggers. GARGANTOONZ: The GARGANTOONZ feature plays out in 3 steps. 8 1x1 GARGANTOON WILDS appear on the grid and remain to merge even if they take part in any wins. The 1x1 GARGANTOON WILDS merge into 2 2x2 GARGANTOON WILDS, after wins are counted but before the next cascade initiates. These also remain to merge on the grid after wins. The 2x2 GARGANTOON WILDS merge into a 3x3 GARGANTOON WILD, after wins are counted but before the next cascade initiates. The 3x3 GARGANTOON WILD is removed with wins. Each GARGANTOON WILD appears with the appropriate multiplier but only a single multiplier is applied to wins if there are more GARGANTOON WILDS in a cluster. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to it's original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 2/28/2024