Gigantoonz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules GIGANTOONZ is an 8x8 cascading video slot game. Wins are achieved by getting 6 or more symbols in clusters. These are removed and new symbols fill up the grid. Cascades continue until no more wins can be created. Mega symbols may appear in 2x2, 3x3, 4x4, 5x5, 6x6, 7x7 symbol sizes. Each mega symbol has a cluster value randomized up to 13. When forming wins, a mega symbol counts as a single symbol, but its cluster value is used when determining the payout of the winning cluster. Each winning mega symbol leaves a WILD on the grid. If a mega symbol cannot drop down, it fills up the space with its own 1x1 versions, without cluster values. On any non-winning round, 5 to 10 QUANTUM WILDS may be added randomly. GARGANTOON WILDS may appear through the QUANTUMETER only. WILDS substitute for all symbols! Each winning symbol counts as one charge towards the QUANTUMETER, but mega symbols add their cluster values. QUANTUMETER has 4 charge levels and holds up to 100 charges. Collect 25 charges for DISINTEGRATION, 50 for METAMORPHOSIS, 75 for RADIATION, and 100 for GARGANTOONZ! When there are no more cascades, the next charge feature in line triggers. QUANTUMETER inactivates for the round if all features are played out. DISINTEGRATION removes all instances of 4 randomly selected symbols. METAMORPHOSIS randomly transforms all instances of one symbol into a different symbol, including mega symbols. RADIATION adds 1-4 mega symbols and 2-5 QUANTUM WILDS randomly. GARGANTOONZ plays out in 2 steps, one by one after wins conclude. Firstly, all mega symbols turn into mega GARGANTOONZ. At least 3 mega GARGANTOONZ appear, regardless of how many mega symbols are present. Additionally, 2-4 1x1 GARGANTOONZ appear. Mega GARGANTOONZ are not removed with wins. Secondly, the mega GARGANTOONZ break down into 1x1 GARGANTOONZ, which are removed normally. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP : 94.25% Actions Changing Your Bet- Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 1/18/2023