Ghost of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules GHOST OF DEAD is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game with 10 paylines. The game features a WILD SCATTER symbol, 4 HIGH PAYING symbols, and 5 ROYAL symbols. GHOST SPIN may activate randomly on any normal spin. Ghost selects a ROYAL or HIGH-PAYING symbol which becomes a special EXPANDING SYMBOL in the round. The chosen special EXPANDING SYMBOL can form winning combinations across non-adjacent reels. When a winning combination is formed, then all chosen symbols expand. GHOST SPIN cannot be re-triggered. Landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols on any reel in base game trigger FREE SPINS, with an initial 10 spins. The player can choose one of 3 random ROYAL or HIGH-PAYING symbols which will become the special EXPANDING SYMBOL during the feature. SPECTRAL SCATTER symbols cannot land for the duration of FREE SPINS. The feature can be re-triggered by landing 3 or more SCATTER symbols with 10 additional FREE SPINS awarded. The chosen symbol will be kept for re-triggered rounds. Randomly on any normal spin SCATTERS might turn into SPECTRAL SCATTERS. 3 or more SPECTRAL SCATTERS trigger an initial 10 AWAKENED FREE SPINS. The player can choose one of 3 random ROYAL or HIGH-PAYING symbols which will become the special EXPANDING SYMBOL during the feature. Besides the chosen symbol the Ghost chooses at random a second special EXPANDING SYMBOL in each round of AWAKENED FREE SPINS. The chosen special EXPANDING SYMBOLS can form winning combinations across non-adjacent reels. When a winning combination is formed, then all chosen symbols expand. Normal SCATTER symbols cannot land for the duration of AWAKENED FREE SPINS. The feature can be re-triggered by landing 3 or more SPECTRAL SCATTER symbols with 10 additional AWAKENED FREE SPINS awarded. The chosen symbol will be kept for re-triggered rounds. The chosen special EXPANDING SYMBOL can form winning combinations across non-adjacent reels. When a winning combination is formed, then all chosen symbols expand. The SCATTER and SPECTRAL SCATTER symbols act like WILD symbols, and substitute for all symbols. WILDS do not take part in winning combinations of expanding symbols. SCATTER and SPECTRAL SCATTER symbols cannot land on the same spin. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP:96.22% Actions Changing Your Bet- Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines- Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines- Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line- Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line- Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination- Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination- Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 2/14/2023