Golden Caravan Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Golden Caravan is a 5-reel video slot game that follows Marco Polo as he explores the old trading routes and bring home riches from the east! Up to 10 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). The game includes a Caravan Master symbol that is wild. The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbols except scatters to help comprise winning combinations. As a scatter symbol, three camels on the reels will trigger a sequence of ten free spins. During the free spins all your winnings will be multiplied! The initial multiplier is two, but every time three camels land on the reels the multiplier will increase by one and the free spins counter will restart from the beginning, giving extra spins for more winning opportunities! The camel symbol can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5, both during the main game and during the free spins feature. The camel symbol will become wild during the free spins and substitute for any other symbol to help comprise winning combinations. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. The RTP is 96.19 %. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 4/28/2023