Gold King Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Gold King is a 5-reel video slot game with 20 fixed paylines, and 1 fixed coin per line. Its most distinctive features are SUPER SPINS and SUPER STACKS. The game includes a wild symbol (Rose), and a free spin scatter symbol (Gold King). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the scatter) to help comprise winning combinations. Super Stack: in each round during main game, one random normal symbol is selected which will fill 12 consecutive spaces on each reel. Super Spins: Three Gold King scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3, and 5 will trigger the Super Spins feature. 10 initial free spins will be awarded, but 2, 4 or 10 additional free spins can be won during the feature by getting 1, 2 or 3 Scatters on the reels respectively. There is no limit to the number of additional Super Spins that can be awarded. During each Super Spins round, one random A-K-Q-J-10 symbol is super stacked, filling 8 consecutive spaces on each reel. The wilds also appear stacked on the reels by taking up 6 or 7 consecutive spaces. During Super Spins, Crown, Amulet and Gold Bar symbols expand to fill the entire reel. These symbols will only expand if doing so will create a winning combination. Before these symbols expand, any wins involving A-K-Q-J-10 symbols are paid out, as well as any wins involving only Wild symbols. On any spin during the main game, a Golden Spin can occur. On a Golden Spin, reels 1, 3 and 5 will be filled with the chosen Super Stack symbol for that spin. The RTP is 96.53% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 4/28/2023