Gunslinger Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Gunslinger is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 25 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Gunslinger includes a wild symbol (the bounty hunter), a scatter symbol (the horse) and two bonus symbols (the wanted poster and the whisky bottle). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the horse, poster and bottle) to help comprise winning combinations. Two or more scatter symbols that appear anywhere on the reels constitute a win. Three or more bottle symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bottle Shoot bonus round. After you shoot a bottle, a sequence of free spins commences in which prizes for winning combinations are doubled. Three poster symbols on any active line trigger the Bounty Hunt bonus round. Collect a prize for a winning combination with each of the poker cards to trigger the Turn-the-Cards bonus round, in which you can win the progressive jackpot. The greater your bet, the greater your chance of winning. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The RTP is 96.00%. Review the paytable to see how the jackpot can be won. A percentage of the bet is contributed to the progressive jackpots. The displayed value of the jackpot might differ from the actual value due to delays in the communication with the server. If two players win the jackpot at approximately the same time the first winner will receive the full value of the jackpot and the second winner will receive the re-seeded value of the jackpot. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 5/4/2017