Gemix Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Gemix is a cascading video slot game played on a 7x7 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. All wins during a game round contribute to increasing a crystal charge meter. When the crystal charge meter is fully charged and there are no more cascades, the crystal charge effect is activated, triggering one of the following effects: Chain Lightning : Two, opposite to each other, corner symbols shoot out an electrical arc hitting symbols. These symbols are transformed into one of the corner symbols. Light Beam : Light rays shoot out vertically and horizontally from a symbol on the grid. All symbols in the affected column and row are transformed to other symbols. Crystal Warp : A symbol is selected on the grid. The selected symbol and all matching symbols are warped to other symbols Nova Blast : A symbol is selected on the grid and explodes. Adjacent symbols are removed from the game in this huge explosion. The explosion then retracts and creates a core of symbols. This core consist of the same symbol. The game continues normally after the effect, allowing the crystal charge meter to charge up for more effects, possibly creating additional wins! The game can become Super Charged. When the crystal charge meter is fully charged it is possible to super charge the game by winning on additional symbols. If you manage to win on enough symbols and fully super charge the crystal charge meter before there are no more cascades, your already achieved wins as well as all additional wins following the effect during that game round are multiplied by 3! Super Charge can only be triggered once per game round. Gemix includes different worlds. Each world is assigned three different patterns. The currently active pattern is indicated on the screen. To clear a pattern you have to achieve wins on the indicated grid positions. Clearing a pattern activates the next pattern for the current world. If you clear three patterns in a world, you reach the next world and you are awarded the World Bonus. The World Bonus is increased with any win during a game round. Each world has a unique wild symbol that can appear on non-winning game rounds. These wild symbols substitutes for any other symbol to help comprise winning combinations. These wild symbols are removed if part of a winning combination. Miner’s world: Wild symbols drop down from the top and land on different positions in the grid, replacing the regular symbols. Up to 10 wild symbols can appear. Princess’ world: An edge symbol is picked to act as a starting point. The symbol is turned into a wild symbol. The wild symbol then spreads to adjacent symbols until it reaches one of the edge symbols of the grid. Wizard’s world: Up to 8 sticky wilds can appear in different positions on the grid. The sticky wild symbols do not drop down when symbols below are removed and are also not removed when part of any winning combination. Sticky wilds stay for one game round or until Crystal Charge is triggered. The RTP is 94.78 %. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. The last month RTP is 96.83% Last modification date: 12/29/2021