Grim Muerto Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Grim Muerto is a 5-reel video slot with 20 fixed paylines, that summons you to join hauntingly handsome members of a Mexican mariachi band for delightful Día de Muertos (Day of the Dead) celebrations. Grim Muerto includes a wild symbol (the guitar); a scatter symbol in the main game (the book); a scatter symbol during free spins (candles). The wild symbol can substitute for any other reel symbol except the scatter symbol to help comprise winning combinations. A combination of two or more adjacent wild symbols also constitutes a win when the combination appears along an active line. One reel is highlighted before each spin. If the wild symbol lands on the selected reel, it will duplicate to replace all other symbols on that reel. Scatter symbols (the book) appear only on reel 1, 3, and 5. Landing three of these symbols in the main game awards a sequence of 10 free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered by landing 3 candle symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5, up to the maximum win! Landing 1 or 2 candle symbols on the reels in free spins awards 3 or 6 additional free spins respectively. Before the free spin sequence begins, the book will reveal a random high-paying Mariachi symbol that will act as an extra wild symbol throughout the free spin feature. During free spins, between two and five reels are highlighted. If a wild or extra wild symbol lands on any of the selected reels, it will duplicate to replace all other symbols on those reels. Both wilds cannot land on the same reel. The Second Chance features gives you the possibility to trigger free spins when only 2 scatter symbols (the book) appear on the reels. Pick 1 of the 4 symbols on screen for your chance to enter free spins or win instant prizes! The RTP is 96.51 %. You can specify the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Increase Coins/Line Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 5/5/2023