Hotel Yeti-Way Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Hotel Yeti-Way is a 6-reel video slot machine, featuring dynamic payways with payway MULTIPLIERS and up to 262,144 ways to win! The WILD symbol (Yeti), substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. In the Base Game, WILD will activate 1 of 3 random features: Bungee Jumping Yeti creates 1-4 reels of stacked WILDS; Surfing Yeti randomly adds 2-8 WILDS; and Scuba Diving Yeti activates a re-spin, landing a shark adds another re-spin, up to a maximum of 24. Landing 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTER symbols awards 8, 12, 16, or 20 FREE SPINS, respectively. Before the feature begins, choose one of the three FREESPIN Features: Bungee Jumping, Surfing, or Scuba Diving. In the Bungee Jumping FREESPIN Feature, each time the WILD symbol lands, 1-4 reels of stacked WILDS will be created. In the Surfing FREESPIN Feature, each time the WILD symbol lands, 2-8 WILDS will be randomly added to the reels. In the Scuba Diving FREESPIN Feature, each time the WILD symbol lands, the re-spin activates with up to 24 re-spins, each shark that lands on the grid adds another re-spin. During FREE SPINS, the reels are dynamic in the number of payways they offer. 1 or more reels on every FREE SPIN are selected to have a x2 payway MULTIPLIER which doubles the number of ways on that reel. Up to 6 payway MULTIPLIERS can activate, the number of ways can be multiplied up to x64. Payway MULTIPIERS raise the number of ways to win up to 262,144! If 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTER symbols landed on the FREE SPINS 8, 12, 16, or 20 extra FREE SPINS will be awarded, respectively. FREE SPINS can be retriggered only once giving a maximum of 40 FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP:96.19% Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/4/2023