Hot Dog Heist Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Hot Dog Heist is a 5-reel video slot game with 40 fixed paylines and loaded with bonus features and surprises! Hot Dog Heist® includes a WILD symbol (Golden Retriever) and a bonus SCATTER symbol (the barbecue). The WILD symbol substitutes for any other reel symbols except the bonus SCATTER to help comprise winning combinations. Any other temporary WILD symbol also substitutes for any other reel symbols except the bonus SCATTER symbol. Three bonus SCATTER symbols on the reels will trigger the Hot Dog Heist Free Spins. The bonus feature wheel includes seven modes. One of these modes will be chosen at random: Mode 1 - "The Pack": Three FREE SPINS awarded, on which 4x4 MEGA SYMBOLS are available on reels 2 to 5. Mode 2 - "Golden Retriever": Three FREE SPINS awarded, on which one or two entire reels are covered by WILD symbols. Mode 3 - "Rough Collie": One FREE SPIN awarded with Rough Collie symbols stacked on reels 2-4. One RE-SPIN is awarded when these symbols form a full 3x3 or 3x4 block on reels 2-4. Full blocks are STICKY on the RE-SPIN. Mode 4 - "Labrador": One FREE SPIN awarded, on which a MULTIPLIER from x5 and up to x30 multiplies the prize amount on the FREE SPINS. Multipliers: x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30. Mode 5 - "Border Collie": One FREE SPIN awarded, on which 4 WILD Border Collie symbols appear. If additional Border Collie symbols appear, one RE-SPIN is awarded. Border Collie symbols are WILD and STICKY during this bonus feature. Mode 6 - "Bulldog": One FREE SPIN awarded, on which two large 2x2 Bulldog symbols appear. One or more RE-SPINS may be awarded with STICKY Bulldog symbols until you hit at least one winning symbol combination. Mode 7 - "Who's a Good Doggie?": A "Pick & Click" grid including 20 tiles appears on screen. Select tiles, one by one, to reveal hidden prizes. You can win cash prizes or trigger any of the above FREE SPIN modes. You continue to select tiles until you pick a tile with an "X" which immediately ends the Pick & Click mode. If you reveal Mode 1 or Mode 2 then the Pick & Click ends and the uncovered FREE SPIN mode starts. If you reveal any of the other modes, the FREE SPINS mode starts and you will return to the Pick & Click afterwards for a possibility of winning more prizes. Each cash prize tiles can offer 0.25, 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2, 3, 5, 10, 15, or 25 times total bet rewards. The SCATTER symbol does not appear on the reels during FREE SPINS All winnings from FREE SPINS features are added to payline wins. The average RTP is 94.57%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 50.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 2/26/2025