Honey Rush Black and Yellow Honey Rush Black and Yellow Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and or diagonally on adjacent reels and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Honey Rush Black and Yellow is a 7 reel grid slot played on a hexagonal grid. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 5 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols fall down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters. All wins contribute to increasing the RUSH meter. When a charge level is complete, the respective feature(s) are added to the queue. If the RUSH meter is charged and no further wins are visible, the next feature(s) in the queue are activated. The game round will continue as normal after all effects. The RUSH meter is reset at the end of the game round. There are 3 charge levels - Level 1: Requires 30 winning symbols. This level activates DRONE COLONY. Level 2: Requires 60 winning symbols. This level activates WORKER COLONY. Level 3: Requires 90 winning symbols. The level activates QUEEN COLONY. The COLONY feature is activated via the RUSH meter. When activated, the symbol in the direct center of the grid is chosen before being cloned from the center, creating a new winning cluster. The center symbol can be a WILD if it lands naturally. There are 3 types of COLONY - DRONE COLONY: Creates a minimum cluster of 7 symbols. Activated via the RUSH meter. WORKER COLONY: Creates a minimum cluster of 10-15 symbols. Activated via the RUSH meter. QUEEN COLONY: Creates a minimum cluster of 20-37 symbols. Activated via the RUSH meter. Cash Symbols can land on the reels. Once all symbols have landed, Cash Symbols will animate to reveal a Multiplier. The values are: 100x, 50x, 25x, 15x, 12x, 10x, 8x, 5x, 4x, 3x, 2.5x, 2x, 1.6x, 1.5x, 1.4x, 1.2x, 1x, 0.8x, 0.7x, 0.6x, and 0.5x, 0.4x, 0.3x, 0.2x. If the Cash Symbols are adjacently connected in a cluster of 5 or more, a Cash Bonus is awarded. The Cash Bonus is the Cash Symbols added together and then multiplied by the total bet. If Cash Symbols land and they are not part of a winning cluster, they are collected into the Bee at the end of the game round. The Bee grows in size every 10, 25, 40, and 60 amount of Cash Symbols collected, but the size does not indicate a likelihood of the Bee awarding an instant bonus; it is purely visual. The Bee can award an instant bonus randomly in the game when 1 or more Cash Symbols are collected into the Bee. The instant bonuses are: Grand Bonus: 100x, Major Bonus: 50x, Minor Bonus: 20x, and Mini Bonus: 10x. If the initial spin is non-winning, there is a chance for 2-4 WALKING WILDS to be added to the grid. Their locations will be chosen at random. The game will continue as normal once added. These WALKING WILDS do not guarantee a win. WALKING WILD symbols land naturally, and they have a Multiplier attached to them that ranges from 1x -3x. If they are part of a winning cluster or a win occurs that doesn’t involve them while they are on the grid, the WALKING WILD symbols move to a free position on the grid after every cascade; the movement can be diagonally to the left or right. They can move more than 1 single position at a time. In order for a WALKING WILD to be removed, their Multiplier must reach its maximum value (3x). Once they reach that stage, they will be removed from the grid on the next spin or cascade. Walking Wilds have a 1x-3x Multiplier attached to them and may appear on all reels and substitute for all symbols. Walking Wild symbols land naturally; if forming part of a winning cluster, they are not removed with the cluster. Wilds will remain sticky, but after every winning cluster (the Wilds don't need to be a part of it), they will move to a random available spot on the grid and their Multiplier will increase by 1. After the Wilds move, they will remain in that spot (they don’t cascade down like the rest of the symbols) and other symbols that cascade down will fill those available spots. When the Multiplier of a Walking Wild reaches its cap (x3), they will get removed from the grid after that last cascade or spin occurs. If multiple Wilds are part of the same win, their values are added together and that result gets multiplied by the accumulated value of the affected winning symbol payout (x1, x2, x3, …, x35, …). "BLACK AND YELLOW" performed by Wiz Khalifa Licensed courtesy of Warner Music UK Ltd "BLACK AND YELLOW" By Cameron Thomaz, Mikkel Eriksen and Tor Hermansen WC Music Corp. (ASCAP) and PGH Sound (ASCAP) All rights on behalf of WC Music Corp. and PGH Sound administered by WARNER CHAPPELL NORTH AMERICA LTD. The average RTP is 94.25%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 20000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons +- Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round/Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables/Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) - Decreases the bet. Bet (+) + Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game Help ? Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound X Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 3/4/2026