Honey Rush 100 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and or diagonally on adjacent reels and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Honey Rush 100 is a grid slot played on a hexagonal grid. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 5 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols fall down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters. All wins contribute to increasing the RUSH METER. When a charge level is complete, the respective feature(s) are added to the queue. If the RUSH METER is charged and no further wins are visible, the next feature(s) in the queue are activated. The game round will continue as normal after all of the effects. The RUSH METER is reset at the end of the game round. There are 3 charge levels - Level 1: Requires 30 winning symbols. This level activates DRONE COLONY. Level 2: Requires 60 winning symbols. This level activates WORKER COLONY. Level 3: Requires 90 winning symbols. The level activates QUEEN COLONY. The COLONY feature is activated via RUSH METER. When activated, the symbol in the direct center of the grid is chosen before being cloned from the center, creating a new winning cluster. The center symbol can be a WILD If it lands naturally. There are 3 types of COLONY - DRONE COLONY: Creates a minimum cluster of 7 symbols. Activated via RUSH METER. WORKER COLONY: Creates a minimum cluster 10-15 symbols. Activated via RUSH METER. QUEEN COLONY: Creates a minimum cluster of 20-37 symbols. Activated via RUSH METER. If the initial spin is none winning, there is a chance for 2-4 WILDS to be added to the grid. Their locations will be chosen at random. The game will continue as normal once added. These WILDS do not guarantee a win. STICKY WILD symbols land naturally. If they are a part of a winning cluster, STICKY WILD symbols stay on the grid and move downwards to free positions, the movement can be diagonally to the left or right. They can move more than 1 single position at a time. In order for a STICKY WILD to be removed, they must be a part of a win and be able to move down to the absolute bottom edge. Then, the STICKY WILD symbol falls the into honey pot and the global multiplier is increased by +1. After the DRONE COLONY has played, every STICKY WILD that reaches the bottom awards +2 to the multiplier. After the WORKER COLONY has played, every STICKY WILD that reaches the bottom awards +3 to the multiplier. After the QUEEN COLONY has played, every STICKY WILD that reaches the bottom awards +3 to the multiplier. If the maximum number of symbols (90) has been reached in the RUSH METER, it will go into OVERCHARGE mode. Every 15 symbols collected will trigger the middle symbol to be upgraded. This symbol will upgrade until it no longer can. If the maximum number of upgrades is reached, the global multiplier will be increased +3. After the DRONE COLONY has played, every WILD that reaches the bottom awards +2 to the multiplier. After the WORKER COLONY has played, every WILD that reaches the bottom awards +3 to the multiplier. After the QUEEN COLONY has played, every WILD that reaches the bottom awards +3 to the multiplier. The maximum multiplier that can be achieved in the game is 100x. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/3/2023