Hugo's Adventure Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Hugo's Adventure is a 5-reel video slot machine with 10 fixed paylines. The WILD symbol (Hugo) substitutes for all symbols, except SCATTER and BONUS. The SCATTER symbol (plane) is visible only on reels 1, 3 and 5. The BONUS symbol (submarine) is visible only on reels 2 and 4. Trigger the AIR ACE feature when 3 SCATTER symbols are visible. 1 initial life is awarded. Extra lives are given when Hugo hits a “+1” balloon. A life is lost when an Air Mine hits Hugo. The feature ends when the number of lives is 0. The maximum number of free spins is 20. If Hugo still has 1 life at the end of feature, the UNDERWATER ADVENTURE bonus game is triggered. If Hugo has 2 lives, the bonus game begins with 1 extra life. During Free Spins, FLYING WILDS might appear on the reels. When appearing, Flying Wilds will move 1 reel to the left at the start of each free spin, until disappearing from the game area. Additionally, there is a chance that up to 4 EXTRA BALLOONS (“x2” symbols) appear at the end of each free spin in random locations. These symbols multiply winnings, up to a maximum of x16. Trigger the UNDERWATER ADVENTURE feature when 2 BONUS symbols are visible. The submarine will spin, giving an initial 1, 2, or 3 lives. Pick and choose treasures under the sea. Each chosen treasure will award a monetary prize, based on total bet. Level 1 awards x2 or x4; Level 2 awards x4 or x7; and Level 3 awards x10 or x14. The maximum prize is x25 the total bet. Some treasure contains danger, reducing the number of lives by 1. At the end, for each life remaining, the golden submarine will spin to reveal a total win multiplier of either 2x, 3x, or 5x. Multipliers are added together are a maximum total win multiplier of 20x. The total win multiplier applies to all wins made during the game round. In the menu, you can set your desired bet. To start the round, tap the spin button. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.50% Actions Paytable - Open the menu and navigate to the Paytable page to review the features and payouts of the game. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop (During reel spins) - Tap anywhere to stop the spinning reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.