Hugo Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Follow the adventures of the friendly little troll that needs no introduction! Hugo is a 5-reel video slot game that leads you on an exciting quest to unearth the world’s most sought after treasure, and rescue Hugo’s beloved wife Hugoline from the clutches of evil. You can activate up to 10 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). The game includes a wild symbol (Hugo), a scatter symbol (the Evil Witch Afskylia) and one bonus scatter symbol (the Treasure Chest). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the scatter and bonus symbols) to help comprise winning combinations. Treasure Chest scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the Treasure bonus game where you choose doors inside the gold mine. Your objective is to reach the treasure chamber unnoticed and find the greatest treasure of all by picking the correct treasure chest. Each door can award coins, and finding the big lump of treasure will award a large amount of coins! Watch out for Don Croco – the Crocodile Henchman – who could be lurking behind any door. If you are spotted, the bonus game will end. Three or more Evil Witch Afskylia scatter symbols on the reels will trigger the free spin feature. During free spins, an additional extra scatter symbol (Hugoline) can appear stacked on all reels. Choose to receive a set of 5 free spins where each extra scatter symbol appearing pays 3x the total bet, or a set of 10 free spins where each extra scatter symbol appearing pays 2x the total bet, or a set of 15 free spins where each extra scatter symbol appearing pays 1x the total bet. The free spin feature can be re-triggered by getting three or more Evil Witch Afskylia scatter symbols on the reels during the feature. You receive the same number of additional spins as you initially choose to play. The Treasure Chest scatter symbol only appears on reel 1, 3 and 5. The Evil Witch Afskylia scatter symbol can appear on any reel. The wild symbol doubles all wins, including in the free spin feature, except when the win consists of wild symbols only. The RTP is 96.40%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 5/9/2017