Honey Rush Honey Rush Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Honey Rush is a video slot played on a hexagonal grid. Symbols drop into the grid to create wins. 5 or more adjacently connected symbols in a cluster award a win. Only the highest win in the cluster is paid. Winning symbols are removed. New symbols fall down to fill the gaps. Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not connected are paid as separate clusters. All wins contribute to increasing the RUSH METER. When a charge level is complete, the respective feature(s) are added to the line. If the meter is charged and no further wins are visible, the next feature(s) in the line are activated. The game round will continue as normal after all effects. The meter is reset at the end of the game round. There are 4 charge levels: • Level 1 – requires 20 winning symbols. This level activates DRONE COLONY before adding 1 x STICKY WILD to the grid. • Level 2 – requires 40 winning symbols. This level activates DRONE COLONY before adding 1 x STICKY WILD to the grid. • Level 3 – requires 80 winning symbols. This level activates DRONE COLONY before adding 1 x STICKY WILD to the grid. • Level 4 – requires 160 winning symbols. The level activates QUEEN COLONY only. The COLONY feature is activated either randomly on non-winning spins or via RUSH METER. When activated, the symbol in the direct center of the grid is chosen before being cloned from the center, creating a new winning cluster. The center symbol cannot be a STICKY WILD. There are 3 types of COLONY: • DRONE – creates a minimum cluster of 7 symbols. Activated via RUSH METER. • WORKER – creates a minimum cluster 7-15 symbols. Randomly activated on non-winning spins. • QUEEN – creates a minimum cluster of 20-37 symbols. Activated via RUSH METER. The STICKY WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols and multiplies all wins. This symbol is only added to the grid via RUSH METER, and always placed on the second ring of symbols from the outside. The available multipliers are: x1, x2, and x3. When forming part of a winning cluster, a STICKY WILD will move once to an empty adjacent position before new symbols fall. The maximum number of STICKY WILD symbols is 3. The RTP is 96.50%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/16/2022