House of Doom Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules House of Doom is a 5-reel video slot with 10 fixed paylines, that invites you into the world of extreme style heavy metal music, where both music and lyrics intend to evoke a sense of despair, dread, and impending doom. House of Doom includes a wild symbol (the Seer); a freespin scatter symbol in the main game (the House of Doom); a freespin scatter symbol during free spins (the wild House of Doom); and a bonus scatter symbol (the Skull). The wild symbol can substitute for any other reel symbol except scatter symbols to help comprise winning combinations. A combination of two or more adjacent wild symbols also constitutes a win when the combination appears along an active line. One reel is randomly selected and highlighted on each spin. If the wild symbol lands on the selected reel, it will expand and replace all other symbols on that reel. Freespin scatter symbols (the House of Doom) appear only on reel 1, 3, and 5. Landing three of these symbols in the main game awards a sequence of 10 free spins called Doom Spins. These free spins can be re-triggered by landing wild House of Doom symbols on reel 1, 3, or 5, up to the maximum win! Three or more wild House of Doom symbols on the reels in free spins awards one additional free spin per symbol. All bets and lines are the same as the game that started the feature. House of Doom symbol will become wild House of Doom symbol during free spins, and acts as an extra wild symbol throughout the free spin feature. During free spins, between two and five reels are highlighted. At least one of either reel 1, 3, or 5 is always highlighted. If a wild or wild House of Doom symbol lands on any of the selected reels, it will expand to replace all other symbols on those reels. Both wilds cannot land on the same reel. Bonus scatter symbols (the Skull) appear only on reel 2, 3, and 4. Landing three of these symbols triggers the Skulls of Abyss bonus game. Pick skulls, one by one, to reveal hidden prizes. You can win cash prizes or trigger the above free spins feature. You may continue to select skulls for cash prizes until you reveal the House of Doom symbol or other end symbols. Pick again symbols are 1X, 2X, and 3X total bet prizes, while end symbols are House of Doom scatter, 5X, and 20X total bet prizes. The bonus scatter symbol does not appear on the reels during free spins feature. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.11% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Last modification date: 5/23/2023