Invading Vegas: Las Christmas Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules Invading Vegas: Las Christmas is a 5-reel video game with 20 paylines. Invading Vegas Las Christmas includes a WILD symbol (Alien), Walking WILD symbol (Alien Robot), SCATTER symbol (Alien Ship) and a Mystery Symbol (Christmas Gift). The WILD and Walking WILD symbols are substituting for any other reel symbol except the SCATTER symbol to help comprise winning combinations. Three SCATTER symbols on the reels trigger FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS, the reels are flipped, reversing the order of the reels for an increased chance to win big! The FREE SPINS feature can be re-triggered by landing three SCATTER symbols on the reels at the same time. 12 additional spins are awarded for each re-trigger for a maximum of 120 FREE SPINS. A RE-SPIN on the middle reel is triggered whenever you receive a full stack of any symbol on the first reel and a full stack of the same symbol (including WILDS) on the second reel, but no win is achieved on any of the active PAYLINES or SCATTER symbols. The other reels are locked in place during the RE-SPIN. The FREE SPIN feature can be triggered by the RE-SPIN feature. Stacked WILD symbols can land on the middle reel after RE-SPIN is triggered. The stacked WILD symbols become a Walking WILD symbol that moves right by one reel for each RE-SPIN until landing on the last reel. As the reels spin, a Walking WILD will randomly place between 3 and 12 Mystery symbols. An additional RE-SPIN occurs on all reels once the Walking WILD has stopped on the last reel. During FREE SPINS, the Walking WILD moves left by one reel until it stops on the first reel. While the Walking WILD is active, SCATTERS can’t land. If 3 SCATTER symbols land during the near win RE-SPIN feature, the Walking WILD feature is not triggered, but the FREE SPINS feature is triggered instead. A Walking WILD will never place a Mystery symbol on the reel it is moving towards. Each mystery symbol will either turn into a WILD or a normal-paying symbol. All normal symbols revealed will be of the same kind. Before they open Mystery Symbols have a chance of becoming WILDS, which may then also have a chance of appearing with an x2, x3, x5 or x10 Multiplier. When more than one multiplier occurs on a winline, they are added together, and the total multiplier is then applied to the line win. Stacked High-Paying symbols can land on the last 2 reels in the base game. During FREE SPINS, stacked High-Paying symbols will land on the first 2 reels. All symbols can appear on all reels during the main game, during the FREE SPIN feature and during the RE-SPIN feature. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. During the mystery's symbols feature, the most displayed symbols will have a higher chances to be displayed as the mystery symbols once revealed. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 2500 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 12/23/2025