Idol of Fortune Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Idol of Fortune is a 5-reel video slot with 243 payways. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols, except SCATTER. Both the WILD and SCATTER symbol are present on all reels. 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins feature. Before the feature begins, choose one of the 6 options. The chosen option determines the number of initial Free Spins awarded and the number of Mystery Symbols added to the reels. When selecting Mystery Pick, the number of initial Free Spins and number of Mystery Symbols are randomised from the available pool. Additional Free Spins cannot be won. Mystery Symbols are only present during Free Spins and present on every reel. When appearing, Mystery Symbols will stick to the reels and spread 1 symbol vertically up/down between spins, eventually covering the entire reel before disappearing. Mystery Symbols will reveal to be the same symbol (except Scatter) before wins are calculated. There is a chance to win a WILD PRIZE on any paid spin. At random, between 1 – 5 reels can become a Gold Reel. When a WILD symbol lands anywhere on any Gold Reel, you are awarded a Wild Prize. To determine which Wild Prize has been won, keep selecting coins until 3 matching symbols have been revealed. If FREE SPINS and WILD PRIZE are won on the same spin, the Wild Prize is resolved first. Wild Prizes cannot be won during Free Spins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/16/2023