Invading Vegas Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. Game Rules Invading Vegas is a 5-reel video slot game. Up to 20 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). Invading Vegas includes a WILD symbol (Alien), Walking WILD symbol (Alien Robot) and a SCATTER symbol (Alien Ship). The WILD and Walking WILD symbols are substituting for any other reel symbol except the SCATTER symbol, to help comprise winning combinations. Three or more SCATTER symbols on the reels trigger FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS, the reels are flipped, reversing the order of the reels for an increased chance to win big! The FREE SPINS feature can be re-triggered by landing three or more SCATTER symbols on the reels at the same time. 12 additional spins are awarded for each re-trigger for a maximum of 120 FREE SPINS. A RE-SPIN on the middle reel is triggered whenever you receive a full stack of any symbol on the first reel and a full stack of the same symbol (including WILDS) on the second reel, but no win is achieved on any of the active PAYLINES or SCATTER symbols. The other reels are locked in place during the RE-SPIN. The FREE SPIN feature can be triggered by the RE-SPIN feature. Stacked WILD symbols can land on the middle reel after RE-SPIN is triggered. The stacked WILD symbols become a walking WILD symbol that moves right by one reel for each RE-SPIN until landing on the last reel. An additional RE-SPIN occurs on all reels once the walking WILD has stopped on the last reel. During FREE SPINS, the walking WILD moves left by one reel until it stops on the first reel. While the walking WILD is active, SCATTERS can’t land. If 3 SCATTER symbols land during the near win RE-SPIN feature, the walking WILD feature is not triggered, but the FREE SPINS feature is triggered instead. Stacked High-Paying symbols can land on the last 2 reels in the base game. During FREE SPINS, stacked High-Paying symbols will land on the first 2 reels. All symbols can appear on all reels during the main game, during the FREE SPIN feature and during the RE-SPIN feature. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.20% Actions Changing Your Bet- Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines- Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines- Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line- Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line- Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination- Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination- Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 4/18/2023