Inferno Star Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Inferno Star is a 5 by 3 video slot machine with 5 paylines. Spin the reels and score big by getting even the lower paying fruits on the paylines or get a Raging Sun Scatter symbol in the middle to score huge! A single Raging Sun Scatter symbol landing on reel 3 activates the RAGING SUN RE-SPINS mode. The whole reel of the Raging Sun Scatter is held along with other reels containing a Sun symbol, while the remaining reels get a FREE RE-SPIN. During the mode, all Sun symbols turn into Raging Suns! If at least one Sun symbol lands on any of the RE-SPUN reels, it is being held as well and another RE-SPIN is awarded! This goes on until no more Suns appear or all the reels get a Sun! You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 6/20/2023