Jolly Roger Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Jolly Roger is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 15 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4,etc.). Jolly Roger includes a wild symbol (the Jolly Roger), a scatter symbol (the parrot) and two bonus symbols (the chest and the map). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the parrot, map and chest) to help comprise winning combinations. A winning combination that includes a wild symbol pays double the normal prize. Two or more scatter symbols anywhere on the reels constitute a win. In Jolly Roger, three or more chest symbols on any active line trigger the Treasure Chest bonus round. Three or more map symbols on any active line trigger the Treasure Map bonus round. The map symbol only appears on reels 1,2 and 3. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 5/30/2023