Joker Poker MH Game Rules Played with 1 deck. Cards are re-shuffled after each round. After placing your bet, you receive five initial cards. Click on the cards you wish to hold. Cards that are not held will be discarded and replaced by new cards when you press DEAL. The rank of your final five-card hand determines your payout according to the paytable. You have the option of trying to multiply your prize by playing the gamble bonus round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 1000 coins. Prizes displayed in the paytable are multiplied by the denomination. Jokers are wild and can be used to create winning hands. There are special prizes for getting 5 of a kind or a Wild Royal with a joker(s). The RTP based on best strategy is 93.95%. The RTP based on best strategy is 95.01% at max bet Actions Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Deal - Deals the cards in the appropriate spots. Hold - Click on each individual card you wish to hold. Bet Max - Bets the maximum. Gamble - Starts the gamble bonus round after a winning hand. Collect - Your prize is credited to you, and the game round ends. Hands - Changes the number of hands to play with. Gamble Bonus Game Once the gamble is started, at least one gamble round must be performed prior to collecting. Beat the Dealer The dealer's card is dealt face up. Select one of the four face-down cards by clicking on it. If your card ranks higher than the dealer's, you double your prize. If it ranks lower than the dealer's, you lose your prize. If the cards are of the same rank, your prize remains the same. You can play up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 1000 coins. High or Low Your objective is to correctly guess whether the face-down card is higher or lower than 8 by clicking on the appropriate button. (A card with a value of 9-ace is higher; a card valued 2-7 is lower.) If the face-down card is 8, the game is a push and your prize remains the same. You can play up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 1000 coins. Red or Black Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of the face-down card. Select the colour or suit by clicking on the appropriate button. If you guess the colour correctly, you double your prize. If you guess the suit correctly, you quadruple your prize. You can play up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 1000 coins. Last modification date: 5/16/2017