King of Sweets Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules KING OF SWEETS is a 5x5 cascading game. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. WILDS substitute for all symbols. SWEET KING WILD: May trigger Sweet-o-meter features. MULTIPLIER WILD: All multipliers will be applied to the cluster win the MULTIPLIER WILD takes part in. May bring 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x multipliers in the Base Game. May bring 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x multipliers in the Bonus Game. When more than one MULTIPLIER WILD is present in a winning cluster, only the highest multiplier is applied. If such multipliers are of equal value, only one is applied. MULTIPLIER WILD and multiplier FLAVOUR UNICORN WILD values are multiplied. FLAVOUR UNICORN WILD: A 2x2 WILD that walks 3 times on the grid. SWEET TILES: A golden SWEET TILE may be created in the base game, while FLAVOUR FRENZY FREE SPIN offers 12 purple normal and 6 golden special Tiles. In the base game, stepping on a SWEET TILE by forming a win on its location awards 2-4 SWEET KING WILDS. These are added when no more wins are formed. During FLAVOUR FRENZY FREE SPIN, stepping on every normal purple SWEET TILE summons the FLAVOUR UNICORN WILD, while additionally stepping on 4, 5, 6 special golden SWEET TILE applies 2x, 3x, 4x multipliers to it. SWEET-O-METER: All winning symbols, and symbols affected by features charge the Sweet-o-meter. 8 charges award 2-4 SWEET KING WILDS. 16 charges award 2-4 SWEET KING WILDS. Winning with these triggers DELICIOUS. DELICIOUS aims for symbol spots near a winning SWEET KING WILD symbol (2 grid positions away diagonally and 3 grid positions away horizontally and vertically), and removes symbols in these spots, if possible. 30 charges award 2-4 SWEET KING WILDS. Winning with these triggers CANDY CRAZE. CANDY CRAZE upgrades a jelly candy to a hard candy. 48 charges award the FLAVOUR FRENZY FREE SPIN. FLAVOUR FRENZY FREE SPIN: After the 48 charges are reached, a FLAVOUR FRENZY FREE SPIN will be guaranteed with 3 Sweet-o-meter features, but the Sweet-o-meter can be overcharged to get an extra Sweet-o-meter feature for every 4 additional winning symbols, up to a maximum of 7. 1 random Sweet-o-meter feature is triggered when no wins are achieved after a cascade, until all are used up. The FLAVOUR FRENZY FREE SPIN concludes when all Sweet-o-meter Features have been played out. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 12/30/2025