King's Mask Eclipse of Gods Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules King’s Mask Eclipse of Gods is a 5-Reel game with 20-Fixed paylines! Free Spins Free Spins can be achieved by landing 3 or more Scatters on the reels. Choose a Wild feature to play. The initial amount of Free Spins is 10 and is the same for all features chosen. Wild Feature Options: Multiplier Wilds. All wins multiplied by the multiplier shown, multipliers values are not additive or cumulative. Sticky Wilds remain for the next spin. Walking Wilds remain for the next spin and will move 1 reel to the right on each new Re-Spin. Walking Wilds move off the reels from the rightmost reel. Re-spins Wild features also have a chance to activate during the base game. The Wild feature being activated is random and the player is unable to influence which Wild feature will activate. The Base Game Wild feature will last for 3 Re-Spins and the amount is the same for all features. The average RTP is 94.28%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Auto Play: You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 20000 times total bet. Last modification date: 10/30/2024