Kiss Reels of Rock Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules KISS REELS OF ROCK is a 6-reel Video Slot with 4096 Payways. The base game plays out on a 2-3-4-4-3-2 grid. LOCK AND LOAD may trigger randomly on any regular spin. 2 reels are synchronized and will show the same outcome. Only one of the following reel pairs can by synchronized together: 1 & 6, 2 & 4, or 3 &4. LOCK AND LOAD and DRIVE ME WILD cannot trigger on the same spin. The game continues as normal after the effect. DRIVE ME WILD may trigger randomly on any regular spin. A guaranteed X2 WILD symbol is added to the reels, only appears on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5, never covering a SCATTER or a 2 symbol high high-paying symbol. All other WILDS landing during DRIVE ME WILD will also have a X2 Multiplier. WILD multipliers are applied to payway wins and they multiply up to X64. DRIVE ME WILD and LOCK AND LOAD cannot trigger on the same spin. The game continues as normal after the effect. The SCATTER symbol can land on any reel; 3 or more trigger the FREE SPIN selector. Player can choose from 5 FREE SPIN modes each with a varying number of FREE SPINS and ENCORE FREE SPINS. Johannesburg (20 Normal, 1 Encore Free Spins) Sydney (16 Normal, 2 Encore Free Spins) London (12 Normal, 3 Encore Free Spins) Rio de Janeiro (8 Normal, 4 Encore Free Spins) Tokyo (4 Normal,5 Encore Free Spins) ENCORE FREE SPINS can be triggered by landing 3 or more SCATTERS during the last spin of Normal FREE SPINS. ENCORE FREE SPINS are not guaranteed. FREE SPINS have reel synchronization on every spin. 2 reels are synchronized and will show the same outcome. Only one of the following reel pairs can by synchronized together: 1 & 6, 2 & 4, or 3 &4. There are no SCATTERS during FREE SPINS, except for the last spin of FREE SPINS; 3 or more SCATTERS during the last FREE SPIN triggers ENCORE FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS cannot be re-triggered. ENCORE FREE SPINS play out on an extended 6x4 grid, have reel synchronization on every spin. 2 reels are synchronized and will show the same outcome. Only one of the following reel pairs can be synchronized together: 1 & 6, 2 & 4, or 3 &4. All WILDS landing during ENCORE FREE SPINS have a X2 multiplier. There are no SCATTERS during ENCORE FREE SPINS. ENCORE FREE SPINS cannot be re-triggered. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum amount of 500000 {CURRENCY}. UI Buttons Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Opens the paytable. Selects the displayed bet directly. Decreases the bet. Increases the bet. Opens the settings menu. Closes the game. Opens the game history. Opens the game help. Toggles fast play ON. Toggles fast play OFF. Toggles sound ON. Toggles sound OFF. Last modification date: 1/18/2023