King's Mask Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules King’s Mask is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 20-Fixed paylines. The Wild symbol can appear on any Reel. The Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. If at least one Wild forms a part of a winning combination, the win amount will be multiplied by X2. 3 or more Scatter symbols award Free Spins. At the start of Free Spins, there is a selection screen. One option must be selected. The options are: 15 Free Spins with a X3 Win Multiplier; 10 Free Spins with a X5 Win Multiplier; 5 Free Spins with a X10 Win Multiplier. During Free Spins, additional Free Spins can be re-triggered by landing 3 or more Scatters. The initial number of Free Spins selected will be rewarded on each re-trigger. All Free Spin options are capped at 300 Free Spins. Each win in the Free Spins will be multiplied by the Win Multiplier active. If at least one Wild forms a part of a winning combination, then both the Wild and the Win Multiplier will multiply the win by their associated values. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.29% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 2/14/2023