Lab of Madness It's A Wild Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Lab of Madness It’s A-Wild! is a 5-Reel game with 20-Fixed Paylines. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. Only highest win paid per selected line. Frankenstein's monster is the WILD symbol. WILDS substitute for all other symbols, except ORB symbols and POWER UP symbol. FREE SPINS FEATURE: Land Orb Symbols to trigger the chances of activating a Free Spin session with a special multiplier. Red Orb may trigger Free Spin with Multiplier Wilds. Green Orb may trigger Free Spins with Expanding Wilds. Purple Orb may trigger Free Spins with Walking Wilds. You can only land 1 Orb Symbol per type in a spin. Orb Symbols can appear on any reel. SPECIAL WILDS: When activating FREE SPINS, one or more special WILDS will be activated during the FREE SPINS session. MULTIPLIER WILDS are regular WILDS with a x2, x3, x4, or x5 MULTIPLIER attached. EXPANDING WILD transforms into a WILD symbol that covers the entire reel. WALKING WILD move across the reels with each spin, counting as a re-spin. WILD COMBO: When landing two different Orb Symbols, you may trigger a Free Spin session with two special Wilds combined. Red Orb and Green Orb may trigger a Free Spin session with Expanding Wilds with multipliers attached. Red Orb and Purple Orb may trigger a Free Spin session with Walking Wilds with multipliers attached. Green Orb and Purple Orb may trigger a Free Spin session with Expanding Wilds with Walking power. Landing all the Orb Symbols may trigger a Free Spins session with the three special Wilds combined. ZAP PRIZES: Land a Power Up Symbol to trigger the chances of activating an instant prize. Feature can award one of 4 prizes: Mini – X20 of Total Bet, Minor – X50 of Total Bet, Major – X100 of Total Bet or Mega – X5000 of Total Bet. You can only win one prize per spin. You can only land one Power Up Symbol per spin and can appear on any reel. The average RTP is 94.23%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 12/2/2025