Loot and Labyrinths Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. Game Rules Loot & Labyrinths is a 5-Reel game with 20 fixed paylines. The game includes a Wild symbol (the Sword), Scatter symbol (the Dungeon), and Bonus symbol (the Random Encounter). The Wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol except the Scatter and Bonus symbols to help comprise winning combinations. LP symbols are also called Monsters, and HP symbols are also called Adventurers. FREE SPINS Scatter symbols can land on reels 2, 3, 4. Three Scatter symbols award 10 Free Spins. Each Free Spins session awards three random buffs, which can repeat: Golden Artifact, Lady Death, Forgotten Temple, and Abandoned Altar. The Golden Artifact buff transforms a random HP symbol into a Wild. Lady Death removes the lowest LP symbol from the reels. Forgotten Temple adds +5 free spins, and Abandoned Altar adds +3 free spins. During the Free Spins session, multipliers of 2X, 5X, 20X, and 100X are unlocked in sequence. The unlocked multiplier is applied to the total win at the end of Free Spins. Each multiplier level is unlocked after landing 5 HP symbols with an attack icon (crossed swords). The attack icon can randomly appear on any HP symbol. Three Scatter symbols during free spins award a retrigger with 10 extra free spins. The maximum number of free spins is 75. BONUS GAMES The Random Encounter symbol can land on reel 1 in base game. The Random Encounter symbol triggers one of three bonus games. The type of bonus game is determined by the combination of symbols on the following reels in the same row: any mix of HP and LP symbols triggers the Monsters Attack bonus game, only LP symbols trigger the Treasure Lair bonus game, and only HP symbols trigger the Tavern Night bonus game. Each bonus game has a different starting win potential: Monsters Attack is 10x, Treasure Lair is 15x, and Tavern Night is 20x. The symbols that landed in the row with the Random Encounter symbol affect the rules of the bonus game. Each LP symbol raises the difficulty level of the dice roll: LP1 by 3, LP2 by 4, LP3 by 5, and LP4 by 6. Only one LP symbol of each type can increase the difficulty level. Each HP symbol adds a dice bonus of +1 to the roll. To win in the bonus game, a twenty-sided dice is rolled. The dice roll result ranges from 1 to 20, then a dice bonus is added to the dice roll result. The player wins a prize if the final dice roll result is greater than or equal to the total difficulty level. If the final dice roll result equals or exceeds 20, the player unlocks the next multiplier level and rolls again. In each bonus game, multipliers of 2X, 3X, 4X, and 5X can be unlocked. PLAYER PROGRESSION Player progression (quests, levels, ranks, dice appearance) does not affect RTP, volatility, or access to features. Player progression does not affect winnings or chances of winning. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 9/3/2025