Leprechaun goes Egypt Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Leprechaun Goes Egypt is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 20 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Leprechaun Goes Egypt includes a wild symbol (the Leprechaun), a scatter symbol (Cleopatra) and one bonus scatter symbol (the pyramid). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the scatter and bonus symbols) to help comprise winning combinations. Pyramid scatter symbols on reel 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the Rescue Cleopatra bonus game where doors are selected inside the pyramid. The goal is to reach the treasure chamber and rescue Cleopatra by picking the correct sarcophagus. Each door can award coins. Finding Cleopatra will award a large amount of coins! If there is a mummy behind the door, the bonus game ends. Three or more Cleopatra scatter symbols on the reels will trigger the free spin feature. Choose to receive a set of 5 free spins with an x6 multiplier on all wins, or a set of 10 free spins with an x3 multiplier on all wins, or a set of 15 free spins with an x2 multiplier on all wins. The free spin feature cannot be re-triggered. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The pyramid scatter symbol only appears on reel 1, 3 and 5. The Cleopatra scatter symbol can appear on any reel. The wild symbol doubles all wins, including in the free spin feature, except when the win consist of wild symbols only. The RTP is 96%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly.