Leprechaun Goes Wild Leprechaun Goes Wild Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Leprechaun Goes Wild is a 5-reel video slot machine with 20 fixed paylines. The SCATTER symbol appears only on reels 1, 3, and 5. This symbol is used to activate features. Additionally, the SCATTER symbol is WILD and substitutes for all symbols. The WILD symbol appears on all reels, substituting for all symbols except SCATTER. Each reel features a different WILD (Leprechaun). This has no impact on functionality and is purely cosmetic. LUCK OF THE IRISH is activated when 2 SCATTER symbols are visible. One of two features will then be activated at random: EXTRA WILDS or EXTRA SCATTER. All wins are calculated after the effect. • EXTRA WILD: 1 WILD symbol is added to each reel. • EXTRA SCATTER: 1 SCATTER symbol is added, triggering FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS is activated when 3 SCATTER symbols are visible. This occurs naturally or via the EXTRA SCATTER feature. An initial 7, 9, 11 or 13 FREE SPINS are awarded. During FREE SPINS, all WILD symbols turn sticky and remain in position until the feature is over. The SCATTER symbol is not present in FREE SPINS. An additional 3, 5, 7, or 9 FREE SPINS are awarded if 1 or more sticky WILD symbols are visible on each reel. FREE SPINS can only be re-triggered once. The RTP is 96.20% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/22/2022