Love Joker Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules LOVE JOKER is a 3-reel video slot machine with 5 paylines. LOVE JOKER is a SCATTER, and it lands exclusively on reel 2. LOVE JOKER triggers LOVE RE-SPINS! Hearts and Golden Hearts are SCATTERS. During LOVE RE-SPINS, only Hearts, Golden Hearts land on the reels. All other symbols are removed. LOVE RE-SPINS last until no more symbols land. Hearts are collected into the Heart Collector and filling all 5 spots makes the prize bar advance to the next level. Golden Hearts are collected into the Golden Heart Collector and each double up all prize bar values and make the prize bar advance to the next level. Heart symbols on the triggering spin are collected. Up to 1000x the bet prize can be reached on the prize bar. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP-94.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 1/31/2023