Luchamigos Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Luchamigos is a 5-reel video slot machine with up to 1024 ways to win! The AMIGO WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER (POWER CHILI). Landing one AMIGO WILD anywhere on the reels and one SCATTER (POWER CHILI) on reels 1, 3, or 5 on any spin in the base game triggers 1 of 3 random HOT AMIGO features: Gran Chico creates a 2x2 MEGA WILD. Roco Elastico creates 1 STACKED WILD. Muchos Salvajes creates 4 RANDOM WILDS. The POWER CHILI or SCATTER only land on reels 1, 3, and 5. Landing 3 POWER CHILI triggers POWER CHILI SPINS, awarding 7 initial FREE SPINS. Random HOT AMIGO features can trigger on any spin without POWER CHILI in the POWER CHILI SPINS. The POWER CHILI symbol is not available in POWER CHILI SPINS. Every time the HOT AMIGO lands on the reel, the Chili Meter progresses. FREE SPINS can be re-triggered by reaching the +2 on the Chili Meter, adding 2 additional FREE SPINS, up to 15 FREE SPINS. The HOT SPIN is triggered when reaching the fire icons on the Chili Meter. This feature awards a guaranteed win and activates 1 of 3 HOT AMIGO features. When the last step in the Chili Meter is reached, ULTIMATE HOT SPIN will be awarded. This feature awards an extra spin once all standard FREE SPINS are complete. It awards a guaranteed win and activates 1 of 3 HOT AMIGO features in their strongest ability: Gran Chico creates a 2x3 MEGA WILD. Roco Elastico creates 2 STACKED WILDS. Muchos Salvajes creates 6 RANDOM WILDS. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 Maximum Bet: 100.00 Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 9/30/2025