Legion Gold Victory Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 30 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Legion Gold Victory! is a 5-reel video slot with 25 fixed paylines. Land 6 Gold Coins to trigger 3 Gold Re-Spins, where only Gold Coins & Gold Coin Bag can land. Gold Coins will remain on the reels until the end of the feature. If a Gold Coin lands, then the remaining Gold Re-Spins are reset to 3. Once Gold Re-Spins concludes all values of the Gold Coins on the reels will be paid out. Each Gold Coin will randomly have one of the following values (x total bet): 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 16x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 300x, 400x, 500x, 1000x. Landing a Gold Coin Bag will award the total value of all Gold Coins currently on the reels. During Gold Re-Spins, Gold Coin Bag symbols are not locked after landing and still contribute to resetting Gold Re-Spins to 3. If Gold Coins fill all symbol spaces the 1000x total bet Golden Prize is awarded, in addition to all values on the Gold Coins on the reels. If Gold Coins land without Gold Coin Bag or activating Gold Re-Spins, the Gold Coins will be collected into the Victory Gold. Whenever this occurs, there is a chance that the Victory Gold will fall and award the player with a Victory Prize. The amount the player can win, and the chance of the Victory Gold falling, is not affected by the number of Gold Coins collected. Land 3 Scatters to trigger 5 Mega Free Spins. The Mega Symbol will land on a random position on every spin. Mega Free Spins can be re-triggered by landing the Mega Scatter. Mega Free Spins have a cap of 45 Spins. Gold Re-Spins can be triggered in Mega Free Spins by landing the Mega Gold Coin. This will then break down into 9 Gold Coins with random values. Gold Re-Spins will play out, then the game returns to the Free Spin where Gold Re-Spins were triggered. The average RTP is 94.31%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 4000 times total bet. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 6/5/2025