Lady of Fortune Remastered Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules LADY OF FORTUNE REMASTERED is a 5-reel video slot game. Prizes are for combinations of adjacent symbols of a kind on paylines. A winning combination can start from reels 1,2 or 3. Only the highest win is paid per line. Lady of Fortune Remastered includes four Wild symbols (the multipliers, x2, x3, x4, x5) and a Scatter symbol (ouija planchette). The Wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except for the Scatter symbol) to help comprise winning combinations. A winning combination that includes a Wild symbol pays x2, x3, x4 or x5 the normal prize. Three Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Pick-a-Prize bonus, where you will select one of the tarot cards to reveal the prize, up to 1500x of the bet. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour of a face down card which has a winning probability of 50% (1 in 2 chance) to double your current win total. Or correctly guessing the suit of a face down card which has a winning probability of 25% (1 in 4 chance) to quadruple your current win total. You can play the Gamble bonus round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. The Wild symbols only appear on reel 3. The Scatter symbol only appear on reels 1,3 and 5. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Auto Play: You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 1523.33 times total bet. Last modification date: 2/18/2025