Legion Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Legion Gold is a 5-reel video slot with 25 fixed paylines. Land 6 Gold Coins to trigger 3 Gold Re-Spins, where only Gold Coins can land. If a Gold Coin lands, then the remaining Gold Re-Spins are reset to 3. Once Gold Re-Spins concludes all values of the Gold Coins on the reels will be paid out. Each Gold Coin will randomly have one of the following values (x total bet): 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 16x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 300x, 400x, 500x, 1000x. If Gold Coins fill all symbol spaces the 1000x total bet Golden Prize is awarded, in addition to all values on the Gold Coins on the reels. Land 3 Scatters to trigger 5 Mega Free Spins. The Mega Symbol will land on a random position on every spin. Mega Free Spins can be re-triggered by landing the Mega Scatter. Mega Free Spins has a cap of 45 Spins. Gold Re-Spins can be triggered in Mega Free Spins by landing the Mega Gold Coin. This will then break down into 9 Gold Coins with random values. Gold Re-Spins will play out, then the game returns to the Free Spin where Gold Re-Spins was triggered. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 10/25/2023