Legacy of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Legacy of Dead is a 5-reel video slot game. Up to 10 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). The Scatter symbol acts as a Wild, and substitutes for all other symbols. 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. An initial 8 free spins are awarded. 1 regular symbol (except Scatter) is chosen at random to become a special Expanding Symbol in Free Spins. When enough of the respective symbol lands, they expand to cover all reel positions. These symbols do not need to appear adjacent to result in extra wins. 3 or more Scatter symbols re-trigger Free Spins. An additional 8 free spins are awarded. An additional special Expanding Symbol is chosen at random. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.55% Malfunction voids all pays and play. Actions Changing Your Bet- Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines- Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines- Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line- Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line- Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination- Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination- Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 2/1/2023