Lawn n' Disorder Lawn n' Disorder Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Bonus Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Bonus Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Lawn n’ Disorder is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 243 payways. Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations from left to right. Winning combinations begin with the left-most reel. Only highest winning combination paid per symbol combination. Wilds may appear on all reels and substitutes for all symbols except Coins. Coins may appear on all reels. Landing Coins might trigger a special feature: Mini Bonus (10x), Minor Bonus (20x), Major Bonus (75x), Grand Bonus (250x), Bonus Spins and Super Bonus Spins. The wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. Landing 6 Coins will trigger the Hold & Spin feature. When 6 Coins land on the Reels the Hold & Spin is triggered. At the start of the bonus game, the player will receive 3 Re-Spins. During this feature, only Coins can land on the reels and once they do, they will remain there for the duration of the feature. Coins will have a monetary value attached to it and will be added to the total value of the round. The result of that sum will be given to the player as a reward when the feature ends. The number of Re-Spins will reset if any Coin lands. Coin values: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x, 4x, 4.5x, 5x, 5.5x, 6x, 6.5x, 7x, 7.5x, 8x, 8.5x, 9x, 9.5x, 10x. The Bonus Spins feature triggers randomly when landing one or more Coins during the base game. The game starts with 10 Bonus Spins and whenever a Coin lands (during this round they can only land on reels 1, 3, and 5) you have a chance to trigger the wheel. If the wheel is triggered, the landing options are Re-spins (+2 Re-spin - +4 Re-spins) or Multipliers (2x-8x). The wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. Re-spins will get added to the Bonus Spins Counter on top of the reels. Multipliers will get randomly added to an empty slot on reels 2 or 4, and they will remain there for the duration of the bonus round. After each win that involves a Multiplier, it will increase its number by 1 until it reaches the round cap (in this case 8x). If several multipliers on the same reel participate in one win, those multiplier values get added together and then that result gets multiplied by the winning symbol combination. If the multipliers participating in the win are on different reels, they are multiplied with the sum of the multipliers on the other reel. Symbols covered by a multiplier count as many symbols (in the payways calculation) as the multiplier indicates. Re-spins are capped at 25. The Super Bonus Spins feature triggers randomly when landing one or more Coins during the base game. The game starts with 8 Super Bonus Spins and whenever a Coin lands (during this round they can only land on reels 1, 3, and 5) you have a chance to trigger the wheel. If the wheel is triggered, the landing options are Re-spins (+2 Re-spin - +3 Re-spins) or Multipliers (8x-20x, they are always even numbers). The wheel presentation does not represent real probabilities. Re-spins will get added to the Super Bonus Spins Counter on top of the reels. Multipliers will get randomly added to an empty slot on reels 2 or 4, and they will remain there for the duration of the bonus round. After each win that involves a Multiplier, it will increase its number by 1 until it reaches the round cap (in this case 20x). If several multipliers on the same reel participate in one win, those multiplier values get added together and then that result gets multiplied by the winning symbol combination. If the multipliers participating in the win are on different reels, they are multiplied with the sum of the multipliers on the other reel. Symbols covered by a multiplier count as many symbols (in the payways calculation) as the multiplier indicates. Re-spins are capped at 20. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 50000 times total bet. In the menu, you can set your desired bet. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, tap the spin button. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin Starts a game round. Auto Play Opens Auto Play settings. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 1/6/2026