Leprechaun's Vault v2.128.0.7 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Leprechaun’s Vault is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game with 20 paylines. The COIN BAG symbol is a MULTIPLIER WILD that can substitute for all symbols except KEY SCATTER appearing on reels 2, 3, and 4. This symbol randomly reveals x2, x3, or x4 MULTIPLIER each time it lands. MULTIPLIER WILD is always available in the base game and TREASURE FREE SPINS. The KEY symbol is the SCATTER. Landing KEY SCATTERS on reels 1, 3, and 5 triggers TREASURE FREE SPINS. Before the feature begins, the game proceeds to the VAULT, where a random number of FREE SPINS are awarded based on the numbers that form the vault lock combination. The SCATTER symbol is not available during the TREASURE FREE SPINS round. The VAULT has a lock mechanism containing 4 cylinders. Each cylinder contains a number: 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6. Each cylinder spins automatically to reveal a number. The numbers on all cylinders are added and their total is the number of FREE SPINS. The number of the maximum FREE SPINS is 24. After determining the total number of FREE SPINS, the vault will open and proceed to the feature. In TREASURE FREE SPINS, MULTIPLIER WILDS land on reels 2, 3, and 4, revealing random MULTIPLIERS of x2, x3, or x4. In TREASURE FREE SPINS, MULTIPLIER WILDS are sticky and remain in position until the feature is over. This feature cannot be retriggered. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 2/21/2023