Legacy of Dynasties Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. Game Rules Legacy of Dynasties is a 5-reel video slot game with 10 paylines. The game includes a Wild symbol and a Scatter symbol. The Wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol except the Scatter symbols to help comprise winning combinations. Up to 10 regular symbols (except Scatter and Wild) are chosen at random to become a special Expanding Symbol. When enough of the respective symbol lands, they expand to cover all reel positions. These symbols do not need to appear adjacent to result in extra wins. Land a Scatter on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger a Free Spin Wheel – a spinning wheel which determines how many Free Spins are awarded. Players can initially win 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins. Up to 10 random Expanding Symbols on every spin. Two Scatter symbols during a Free Spin will award Dynasty Spins – Free Spins within the Free Spin round, which retain the number of potential Expanding Symbols on each spin from the triggering spin. The amount of Dynasty Spins awarded is determined by the randomly between the two Dynasty Scatters and can be 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8. Further Dynasty Spins cannot be triggered from within Dynasty Spins. There are no Dynasty Scatter symbols in Dynasty Spins. During Free Spins or Dynasty Spins, should the total number of completed spins reach 70, then the Free Spins round will finish. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 2300 times total bet. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar - Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable - Opens the paytable. Select Bet - Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet - Decreases/Increases the bet. Settings - Opens the settings menu. Close - Closes the game. Game History - Opens the game history. Game Help - Opens the game help. Fast Play - Toggles fast play ON/OFF. Sound - Toggles sound ON/OFF Last modification date: 1/26/2024