Midnight Gold Midnight Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Midnight Gold is a 5-reel video slot with 20 fixed paylines. DELIVER FEATURE Deliver symbols can only land on reel 5 and award all Cash symbols. It is possible to land a Deliver symbol without any Cash symbols. The Deliver Feature is only available in the base game and not in Free Spins. Cash Bag symbols can land on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and contain the following Multipliers 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x and multiply total bet. Treasure Chest symbols can land on reel 1 only, and contain the following Multipliers 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x and multiply total bet. If a Treasure Chest symbol lands on reel 1 with no Deliver symbol on reel 5 there will be a 2nd chance re-spin on reel 5. If a Deliver symbol lands all cash values will be paid. MYSTERY INSTANT WIN After any Free Spins near trigger when there are Scatters present on the reels, there's a random chance of a mystery instant win. The mystery instant win will appear on one or more of the Scatter symbols. Mystery instant wins contain the following multipliers: 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x and multiply the total bet. FREE SPINS TRIGGER Free Spins are triggered by landing Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game. FREE SPINS CHOICE When a Free Spins feature has been triggered, at the start of Free Spins the player has the choice of two Free Spins games. One option must be selected. The options are: Stacked Wilds that award 10 Free Spins; Roaming Wilds that award 10 Free Spins. STACKED WILDS Any Wild that lands will become a Stacked Wild. Any Stacked Wilds will spin off on the next spin. A Stacked Wild represents 3 individual Wilds. ROAMING WILDS Any Wilds that land, will hold over for the next spin. Any Wilds that hold over can move to a random position before the reels stop. Up to 15 Wilds are available. Any Wilds from the triggering spin won't hold over. FREE SPINS RE-TRIGGER In either Free Spins features, 1 additional Free Spin will be awarded for each new Wild that lands. WILD MULTIPLIER On any spin a random Multiplier can be awarded. The Multiplier will be shown in the Multiplier panel. If awarded, all Wild wins will be multiplied. Wins without Wilds will not be multiplied. SUPER FREE SPINS TRIGGER Super Free Spins are triggered by landing Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3 with the special gold Scatter on reel 5 in the base game. SUPER FREE SPINS Super Free Spins will function the same as Free Spins with one exception, every spin will have a guaranteed Wild Multiplier. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. FREE SPINS CAP The maximum amount of Free Spins that can be earned in both regular Free Spins and Super Free Spins is capped at 50. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 20.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 20000 times total bet. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 4/29/2025