Midnight princess origins Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Completely clearing the grid of symbols (Wild symbols are an exception) awards 10 Free Spins. Clearing the grid during the Free Spins awards instant prize orbs. Three different orb rewards are available: the first orb from Love randomly awards one of: 5X, 10X, 15X, 20X, 30X, 50X, 75X, 100X, 125X, 150X times total bet; the second orb from Star randomly awards one of: 75X, 100X, 150X, 200X, 250X, 300X, 400X, 500X, 750X, 1000X times total bet; and the third orb from Storm randomly awards one of: 1000X, 1500X, 2000X, 2500X, 3000X, 3500X, 4000X, 5000X, 7500X, 10000X times total bet. Additional Free Spins can be awarded by filling the meter. The maximum number of spins is 20. Winning combinations are removed after being Collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The Wild symbol will appear when a winning combination of any of the Heart, Star or Circle symbols is removed from the grid. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three, four or five symbols are removed. The Wild symbol appears randomly in one of the two middle positions when a winning combination of four Heart, Star or Circle symbols are removed. There is a chance for two different Wild symbols, from two different wins, to appear on the same position. Wild symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. The strength of Girl powers is empowered by filling the empowerment indicator from Heart, Star, or Circle symbol wins. Winning with more than five of the same symbols empowers the matching Princess (Heart – Love, Star – Star, Circle – Storm). This empowerment remains until the matching Princess is triggered, Trinity is triggered, the Free Spins are triggered, an instant prize is won, or the round ends. With empowerment, Love converts two or three sets of symbols into another symbol; Star adds two, three, or four Wild symbols to the grid; Storm removes two or three sets of symbols from the grid. If multiple Princesses are triggered, the order is fixed to: Love – Storm – Star. The Trinity feature is triggered by completing the on-screen charger meter. The charger meter is only filled with wins which include all three Princess symbols. The Wild symbol counts as Princess in the process of filling the charger meter. The meter has 6 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 5 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 4 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 3 sections. When the charge meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one re-spin is awarded. A Girl power is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three Princesses have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of powers is always the same: Love first; Storm second; Star third. On top of the guaranteed three Girl powers, Princess symbol wins can trigger further Girl powers during this free re-spin. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (Wild symbols are an exception) during this re-spin triggers Free Spins. Girl Powers are triggered by Princess symbol wins. The probability of triggering a Girl Power is: 50% chance with a combination of three, 75% chance with a combination of four and 100% chance with a combination of five of the same Princess symbols. The probability will be increased to 100% chance by winning with the same Princess symbol for the second time. This increased probability will remain until the matching Princess is triggered, Trinity is triggered, the Free Spins are triggered, instant prize is won or the round ends. Depending on the type of the Princess symbol win, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. Love converts one set of symbols into another symbol; Star adds one or two Wild symbols to the grid; Storm removes two sets of symbols from the grid. If multiple Princesses are triggered, the order is fixed to: Love – Storm – Star. The average RTP is 94.29%. RTP is achieved through participation. Midnight Princess Origins is a cascading game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 20000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 9/3/2025