Mafia Gold Mafia Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Mafia Gold is a 6 Reel Video Slot with 30 Fixed paylines. WIN MULTIPLIER Line up special Mafia Gold symbols with Multiplier on the feature reel to multiply all line wins The win Multiplier is not available in Free Spins Multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x DRIVE BY WILDS Drive by Wilds can trigger on any spin and add wilds to the reels Drive by Wilds are not available in Free Spins Up to 11 wilds can appear! MYSTERY INSTANT WIN After any Free Spins near trigger where there are Scatters present on reels, there's a random chance of a mystery instant win. The mystery instant win will appear on one or more the Scatter symbols. Mystery instant wins contain the following multipliers 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x and multiply total bet. FREE SPINS TRIGGER FREE SPINS are triggered by landing SCATTERS. 3 SCATTERS trigger 10 FREE SPINS, 4 SCATTERS trigger 15 FREE SPINS and 5 SCATTERS trigger 20 FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS SAFE All cash values that land on feature reel will transfer to safe and be accumulative Total safe value will be paid at the end of Free Spins The random values that can add to the Safe are x1, x2, x5, x10 of the total bet. FREE SPINS BULLETS Line up special Mafia Gold symbols with bullets on feature reel to shoot rival gang members Eliminate each gang member with 10 bullets Any additional bullets will be used on the next gang member unless all gang members are eliminated. In the case where there are additional bullets on the last gang member, the remaining bullets will be lost. FREE SPINS SYMBOL UPGRADE Eliminated gang member symbols will be replaced with Mafia Gold symbols An additional 5 Free Spins will be awarded CASH HIT TRIGGER The Cash Hit feature is triggered once all gang members have been eliminated. An additional 5 Free Spins will be awarded. CASH HIT FEATURE Line up special Mafia Gold symbols with safes on feature reel to win safe values Safe values are the same value that was accumulated The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 50.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 10/30/2024