Motley Crue Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Mötley Crüe is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 20-Fixed paylines. WILD SIDE re-spins may randomly trigger on any non-winning spin. A WILD SIDE barrier is located at the extreme right of the reels. During WILD SIDE re-spins the barrier expands one reel left, filling reels to the right with sticky WILDS until a win is achieved. WILD SIDE can be re-triggered by non-winning re-spins up to 4 times. LIVE WIRE may randomly trigger on any regular spin. Adds up to 5 WILDS to the reels, one WILD per reel. LIVE WIRE is not active while WILD SIDE is running. Randomly on any regular spin GIRL symbols may land on reels 2, 3 and 4. GIRL symbols do not pay, but randomly feature x1, x2, or x5 multipliers of the total bet placed. GIRLS, GIRLS, GIRLS is triggered when at least one GIRL symbol lands on 3 reels, awarding the amount on all visible GIRL symbols. GIRLS, GIRLS, GIRLS is not active while WILD SIDE is running. SCATTER symbols can land on reels 1, 3, and 5. 3 SCATTER symbols trigger FREE SPINS. 3 matching numbers on any edge of the Pentagram will determine the number of your FREE SPINS. The number of FREE SPINS can be 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10. LIVE WIRE, and GIRLS, GIRLS, GIRLS is active on each FREE SPIN, unless WILD SIDE re-spins are active. WILD SIDE triggers a re-spin on each non-winning FREE SPIN and can be re-triggered by non-winning re-spins until a win is achieved. KICKSTART MY HEART might randomly activate on any WILD SIDE re-spin during FREE SPINS. KICKSTART MY HEART might activate a x2, x3, x5, or x10 multiplier based on the WILD SIDE barrier’s position. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP: 94.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/2/2023