Midnight Princess Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Midnight Princess is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The wild symbol will appear in the middle symbol location when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. A win multiplier is increased at each new drop. Midnight Princess includes a wild symbol (the Moon), three princess symbols (Love, Star, Storm) and an assortment of mystical items in a colourful and beautiful world. The wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol to help comprise winning combinations. When wild symbols are the only symbol remaining on the grid, they are removed, helping you to trigger free spins! The Girl Power feature has a chance to be triggered on non-winning game rounds. Depending on which active princess is showing on the right-hand side of the screen, a different unique ability is performed. All Girl Powers assist in creating potential winning combinations. In total, there are three Girl Power abilities – one for each princess. They are as follows: Love: One set of symbols is chosen and transformed into another symbol. Star: One or two wild symbols will be added to the grid. Storm: Two sets of symbols are destroyed and removed from the grid. The Princess Trinity feature is triggered when the on-screen meter is filled completely. This meter is only filled up using winning combinations of the princess symbols. The wild symbol can be used as part of these combinations. All other combinations do not contribute. The meter has 3 sections. Following the above rules; a five-of-a-kind combination fills up the meter with 3 sections, a four-of-a-kind combination fills up the meter with 2 sections, and a three-of-a kind combination fills up the meter with 1 section. Once the meter is full, and there are no further wins, one free round is awarded to the player. The drop multiplier is reset. In the Princess Trinity feature, the Love, Star and Storm Girl Power’s take turns in triggering, to create more chances of winning. This order is the same each time the Princess Trinity feature is triggered. When there are no further wins after each drop, a Girl Power will be performed and the game will continue as normal until there are no further wins. This sequence is repeated until the end of the game round and all Girl Power abilities have been performed. All wins are calculated and returned to the player before the next game round starts. The active princess then changes back to the princess on-screen prior to the Princess Trinity feature being triggered. Clearing the whole grid of symbols will trigger the free spins feature. Choose one of three free spins options available. Choosing the Love princess awards 4 initial free spins; choosing the Star princess awards 5 initial free spins; choosing the Storm girl awards 8 initial free spins. The selected princess’s Girl Power will then be active for the duration of free spins, triggering on every non winning spin to further help creating potential winning opportunities! The drop multiplier is not reset between game rounds for the duration of the free spin feature, and can grow up to a maximum of x20! The free spins feature can be extended by fully charging up the on-screen meter, with the same rules as described previously. The Love princess awards 4 additional free spins; the Star princess awards 3 additional free spins; the Storm princess awards 2 additional free spins. The maximum number of free spins is 20. The Princess Trinity feature is not active during free spins. If the grid is cleared during free spins, you win an instant prize of 100x your total bet! The average RTP is 96.50%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 5000 times total bet. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 9/4/2024