Midnight Princess: Christmas Kingdom Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Midnight Princess: Christmas Kingdom is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning symbols are removed. Remaining symbols drop down (gravity) to potentially create new wins. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. Wild symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three symbols is removed. Wild symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. The Scatter symbol can appear during the initial spin, or via the ‘What, the fox’ mechanic where the Scatter is added randomly anywhere once the spin ends. On each spin, 5 random grid locations are marked with mistletoe. The win multiplier increases by one when winning over a mistletoe location; resetting before each new spin (except when Free Spins are triggered). Winning combinations multiplied by currently displayed value. The win multiplier only increases once per mistletoe location won on. The Girl Power feature is triggered at random on non-winning spins. Depending on the active princess shown on-screen, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. Love coverts one set of symbols into another symbol; Star adds 1 or 2 Wild symbols to the grid; Storm removes two sets of symbols from the grid. The game opens with a random princess, with the order of princesses fixed to: Love – Star – Storm. The active princess changes after each Girl Power activation. The Trinity feature is triggered with 1 Scatter symbol. One free round is awarded. The win multiplier is reset. A Girl Power is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three princesses have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of Girl Powers is always the same: Love first; Star second; Storm third. Completely clearing the grid of symbols during this free round triggers Free Spins only; no instant prize awarded. The active princess returns to the princess on-screen prior to the Trinity feature being triggered. Before the Free Spins feature begins, choose one of the three princesses. Love awards 4 initial spins; Star awards 5 initial spins; Storm awards 8 initial spins. The win multiplier is carried over from the Trinity feature, only resetting once the feature is over. During Free Spins, the number of mistletoe locations increases from 5 to 10 – and – the chosen Girl Power is triggered on every non-winning spin. The Trinity feature cannot be triggered. The Scatter symbol is used to award additional spins during Free Spins. Love awards 4 additional spins; Star awards 3 additional spins; Storm awards 2 additional spins. The maximum number of spins is 150. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (except during the Trinity feature) awards an instant prize. The prize awarded is 50x the total bet multiplied by the active win multiplier at the time of clearing the grid. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 20.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 15000 times total bet. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 12/17/2024