Mandalay Bay Riches Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Game Rules Mandalay Bay Riches is a 5-Reel game with 10-Fixed paylines. Cash Coins: Regular Cash Coins land face down in the base game with one of three symbols. Big Cash Coins land face down during the base game and the Hold & Win Bonus game with a golden symbol. If a Vault is landed during the base game, both Cash Coins and Big Cash Coins will flip over and reveal the amount the player has won. If the Vault is not landed during the base game, the Cash Coins will be collected into the Chests with a matching symbol. Big Cash Coins will always reward the player with a Big Cash prize. The base values for the Big Cash Prizes are as follows: Mini x20, Minor x50, Major x200, Grand x1000. The values of any Big Cash Prizes have a random chance of growing by x1 total bet during the base game after a spin. If the specific Big Cash Prize is won, the value will reset to its base value. Chests: When Instant Prize Coins land on the Reels without a Vault symbol, they are collected by Chests that include a matching symbol to the Instant Prize Coin collected. Whenever this occurs, there is a chance that a Hold & Win bonus game may start. The feature that the player receives depends on the symbol of the Chest that activated. At the start of the bonus game, the player will receive 3 Re-Spins. If any Coins are landed during the bonus game, the player will receive additional Re-Spins. Hold & Win Features: The player can activate up to 3 different features at the start of the Hold & Win bonus game. The features are as follows. Expand feature, where the Reel size is increased. Multiplier feature, where all the wins are multiplied by x2. Big Cash feature, where the player is rewarded one Big Cash Coin at the start of the bonus game. The average RTP is 94.24%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 19500 times total bet in regular bet or at a maximum of 13000 times total bet in GO Ultra bet. GO Ultra The GO Ultra is a toggle button that can be turned on and off when the game is in idle mode during Base Game. It cannot be turned on or off when a feature is currently active. If turned on, features in-game will have added perks for an extra 50% additional in total bet. The perks are the following: 1. The base value of Big Cash Prizes will increase by 2x The perks are only applied to the feature when it is triggered on a round while GO Ultra is active. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round/Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables/Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) - Decreases the bet. Bet (+) + Increases the bet. GO Ultra Turns on or turns off the GO Ultra. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game Help ? Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound X Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 2/3/2026