Monkey: Battle of the Scrolls Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules MONKEY: BATTLE FOR THE SCROLLS is a 5-reel video game slot with 243 payways and a maximum of 432 payways. There are 4 character icons above the reels. On each new spin, a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 4 characters can appear. The character(s) feature will only play out if a DEMON SCATTER lands anywhere under the character icon on the reel, it will become activated and that character’s feature will play after any other wins of the initial spin have been awarded. Once the feature has been played, the icon will become disabled indicating that this feature has played and cannot be retriggered in that game round. In every new game round, more or less character icons will appear and they will move positions. These features do not guarantee a win. If DEMON SCATTERS land under multiple character icons, the features will play one after the other. The reels do not spin after each character feature has played out. Wins are awarded after each character feature has finished their power before the next character feature begins. If multiple character features are triggered, the order is as follows: TRIPITAKA, SANDY, PIGSY, MONKEY KING. 3 CLOSED SCROLL SCATTERS trigger the FREE SPINS. DEMON SCATTERS do not trigger the FREE SPINS. A screen of 4 choices will pop up where the player will need to choose one character. MONKEY KING: 5 FREE SPINS, x20 MULTIPLIER. SANDY: 20 FREE SPINS, x5 MULTIPLIER, PIGSY: 10 FREE SPINS, x15 MULTIPLIER, TRIPITAKA will be a mystery choice. If the player selects TRIPITAKA, they will get one of the following FREE SPINS and MULTIPLIER: 3 FREE SPINS and x25 or x100 MULTIPLIER.4 FREE SPINS and x5, x10, x25 or x100 MULTIPLIER.7 FREE SPINS and x5, x10, x25 or x100 MULTIPLIER.12 FREE SPINS and x5, x10 or x25 MULTIPLIER.15 FREE SPINS and x10 or x25 MULTIPLIER. In the FREE SPINS, the chosen character’s icon will be persistent above the reels and slightly larger than the rest. Their feature will fire off when the OPEN SCROLL SCATTER lands underneath. If the OPEN SCROLL SCATTER lands under the persistent character, any winnings from that feature will be multiplied by the multiplier chosen in the beginning. The other characters will behave like in the base game, they will swap positions each spin and 0 to 3 characters may appear. DEMON SCATTERS and CLOSED SCROLL SCATTERS are not active in the FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS cannot be retriggered. The game features two fixed instant prizes. The MINOR prize is 100 x total bet and the MAJOR prize is 500 x total bet. Reels 2, 3 and 4 can highlight on any spin. Once highlighted, if 2 BONUS symbols land, the MINOR prize is awarded. If 3 BONUS symbols land, the MAJOR prize is awarded. The instant prizes cannot be triggered in FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 12/27/2023