Midnight Princess Power of Love Midnight Princess Power of Love Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved betsplaced but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Midnight Princess Power of Love is a video game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row in adjacent positions, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The WILD symbol will appear in the middle symbol location when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. A win multiplier is increased at each new drop. The WILD symbol substitutes for all symbols. WILD symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three symbols is removed. WILD symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. The Character Power feature is triggered at random on non-winning spins. Depending on the active character shown on-screen, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. LOVE converts one set of symbols into another symbol; HAIL synchronizes 2 reels; BLAZE add 2-4 of the same symbols to the grid. The game opens with a random character, with the order of characters fixed to: LOVE – HAIL – BLAZE. The active character changes after each Character Power activation. A win is not guaranteed from character features. The LOVE TRIANGLE feature is triggered by completely filling the on-screen meter. The meter is only filled with winning combinations containing character symbols. The WILD symbol can contribute to these combinations. The meter has 3 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 3 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 2 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 1 section. When the meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one free round is awarded. The win multiplier is reset. A Character power feature is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three characters have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of Character Powers is always the same: LOVE first; HAIL second; BLAZE third. Completely clearing the grid of symbols during this free round triggers FREE SPINS only; no instant prize awarded. The active character returns to the Prince or Princess on-screen prior to the LOVE TRIANGLE feature being triggered. Before the FREE SPINS feature begins, choose one of the 2 princes. All the characters award 4 initial spins. The win multiplier is carried over from the LOVE TRIANGLE feature, only resetting once the feature is over, and can grow to a maximum of x100. During FREE SPINS, the chosen Character Power is triggered on every non-winning spin. During FREE SPINS, The LOVE TRIANGLE feature cannot be triggered. An additional +3 spins are awarded by fully charging the meter (same rules). The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 100. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (except during the LOVE TRIANGLE feature) awards an instant prize. The prize awarded is 50x the total bet multiplied by the active win multiplier at the time of clearing the grid. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: if Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 6/12/2024