Madame Ink Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Madame Ink is a 5-reel, 3 row video slot with 243 payways. On random spins the Wild Ink symbol has the chance to expand when it lands, to turn all symbols on the reel Wild. The Wild Ink symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. On random spins Madame’s Mystery Reel can land on the centre reel. It will transform into a stack of 3 matching high-paying tattoo symbols. All Mystery Symbols on the reels will then transform to match it and any wins paid out. 3 or more Scatters landing on the reels will trigger Free Spins. There is a choice of 3 Free Spins modes. 12 Free Spins with the Wild Ink feature active on every Wild that lands, no Madame’s Mystery feature. 6 Free Spins with the Madame’s Mystery feature active on every spin, but no Wild Ink feature. 3 Free Spins with both Madame’s Mystery active on every spin and Wild Ink feature active on every Wild that lands. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 243 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. RTP: 96.21% Last modification date: 12/20/2022