Merlin and the Ice Queen Morgana Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Merlin and the Ice Queen Morgana is a 5x3-reel video slot game with up to 10 paylines. SCATTER symbol can appear on ANY reel. The SCATTER also acts as a WILD that can substitute for any other symbol except for special EXPANDING SYMBOL to form a winning combination. SCATTER wins are multiplied by the total bet staked and are added to the payline wins. MORGANA WILD appears on ANY reel. It can appear as a stack, and when landing fully stacked, it will trigger the MORGANA MULTIPLIER. Fully stacked MORGANA activates x2, x3, x5 or x8 MULTIPLIER randomly. Activated MULTIPLIER is applied to all wins on the triggering spin. MORGANA MULTIPLIER is always available in base game and FREE SPINS. Activated MULTIPLIER is also applied to the SCATTER wins. 3 or more SCATTERS trigger an initial 10 FREE SPINS. 3 or more SCATTERS during FREE SPINS adds an additional 10 FREE SPINS. At the start of FREE SPINS, a random HIGH-PAYING or ROYAL symbol is chosen to act as a special EXPANDING SYMBOL, for the duration of FREE SPINS. After each spin's wins are evaluated, the special EXPANDING SYMBOL may expand to fill the entire reel, depending on which type of symbol was chosen. If the special EXPANDING SYMBOL is a HIGH-PAYING symbol, and there are at least 2 instances of that symbol on the reels, then each instance will expand to fill the reel it is on. If the chosen symbol is a ROYAL, and there are at least 3 instances of that symbol on the reels, then each instance will expand to fill the reel it is on. A reel filled with special EXPANDING SYMBOLS constitutes a winning combination on its own and doesn't require any symbols on adjacent reels. Multiple reels filled with special EXPANDING SYMBOLS constitute individual winning combinations. Special EXPANDING SYMBOLS have the same payout as non-expanding versions of that symbol. Wins for special EXPANDING SYMBOLS are calculated distinct from and after any winning paylines. Only the EXPANDED MORGANA WILD can substitute for a special EXPANDING SYMBOL to create a winning combination. The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 100. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.01 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you want to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you want to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 2/22/2023