Midnight Princess Stargazing Midnight Princess Stargazing Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Midnight Princess Stargazing is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The Wild symbol will appear in the middle symbol location when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three symbols is removed. Wild symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. On each spin (including when re-triggering the Resonance feature), 3-10 random grid locations are highlighted. A win Multiplier increases by one when winning on a highlighted location, regardless of number of combinations. Winning combinations are multiplied by the currently displayed value. The win Multiplier resets before each new game round in the base game. The Girl Power feature is triggered at random on any of the spins. Depending on the active princess shown on-screen, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. Astra adds 1-2 Power Wild symbols which remain on the grid after matches; Nova adds 2-5 Wilds in a diagonal line of the grid; Star adds 2 or 3 Wild symbols. The game opens with a Star princess. The active princess changes after each Girl Power activation. The Resonance feature is triggered by completely filling the on-screen meter. The meter is only filled with winning combinations containing princess symbols. The Wild symbol can contribute to these combinations. The meter has 3 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 3 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 2 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 1 section. When the meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one free round is awarded. The win Multiplier is reset. A Girl Power is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three princesses have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of Girl Powers is always the same: Astra first; Nova second; Star third. Completely clearing the grid of symbols during this free round triggers Free Spins. Winning on all the highlighted locations within a game round awards the Constellation instant prize. It awards 5x the total bet multiplied by the active win Multiplier Before the Free Spins feature begins, choose one of the three princesses. During Free Spins, the chosen Girl Power is triggered on every non-winning spin. The win multiplier is carried over from the Resonance feature, only resetting once the feature is over, and can grow to a maximum of x100. The Resonance feature cannot be triggered. 3 additional spins are awarded via fully charging the meter (same rules). The maximum number of spins is 50. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (except during the Resonance feature) awards an instant prize. The prize awarded is 20x the total bet multiplied by the active win multiplier at the time of clearing the grid. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 10000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round/Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables/Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound ON. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 10/15/2025