Midnight Princess Trinity Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Midnight Princess Trinity is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning symbols are removed. Remaining symbols drop down (gravity) to potentially create new wins. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols can only be created; appearing on the grid when any winning combination of symbols is removed. Wild symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols On each spin (including when re-triggering the Trinity feature), 5 random grid locations are highlighted. A win multiplier increases by one when winning on a highlighted location, regardless of number of combinations. Winning combinations are multiplied by the currently displayed value. The win multiplier resets before each new game round. The Girl Power feature is triggered at random on non-winning spins. Love converts one set of symbols into another symbol; Star adds 1 or 2 Wild symbols to the grid; Storm removes two sets of symbols from the grid. The Trinity feature is triggered by completely filling the on-screen meter. The meter is only filled with winning combinations containing princess symbols. The Wild symbol can contribute to these combinations. The meter has 6 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 3 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 2 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 1 section. When the meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one free round is awarded. The win multiplier is not reset. A Girl Power is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three princesses have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of Girl Powers is always the same: Love first; Star second; Storm third. Completely clearing the grid of symbols during this free round re-triggers the feature. The win multiplier is not reset when re-triggering. No instant prize is awarded. The maximum number of TRINITY FREE SPINS achievable is 20. Clearing ALL symbols from the grid (except in Trinity feature) awards 50 x total bet. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 4000 times total bet. Last modification date: 11/13/2024