Merlin: Journey of Flame Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. In FREE SPINS only: Special expanding symbols will pay for any winning combination with gaps allowed. The wins pay from left to right. beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Game Rules Merlin: Journey of Flame is a 6-reel, 3-row video slot game with 10 paylines. In the Base Game, the 6th reel is locked. 3 or more SCATTER symbols on any reel trigger FREE SPINS with an additional 6th reel and an initial 8 spins. When FREE SPINS start, a random symbol is chosen to become a special expanding symbol! The chosen symbol can form winning combinations across non-adjacent reels. When a winning combination is formed, then all chosen symbols expand. The SCATTER symbol acts like a WILD symbol and substitutes for all symbols. WILDS do not take part in winning combinations of expanding symbols. The average RTP is 94.28%. RTP is achieved through participation. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you want to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you want to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 9/26/2023