Mission Cash Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Mission Cash is a 5-reel video slot played with 20 paylines, paying from left to right. Mission Cash includes 2 spy characters (Agent Blue and Agent Red) and their supporting agents (Agent Purple and Agent Green) as the high-paying symbols, and 4 low-paying suit symbols. There is also a Scatter symbol. On every spin a Crosshair moves around and lands in a random position on the reels. If it lands on Agent Blue or Agent Red, the symbol expands to fill the reel and becomes Wild. This Wild reel is then held for 1 re-spin. The Crosshair is present on re-spins and if it lands on Agent Blue or Agent Red symbols a second Wild reel is created and another re-spin is triggered. This can repeat until all reels have become Wild or the Crosshair lands on Agent Purple, Agent Green, or low paying symbol. The Free Spin feature is triggered when the Crosshair lands on a Scatter symbol (including in re-spins). 8 Free Spins are awarded initially. The Take the Shot re-spin feature is active in Free Spins and can now be activated by all character symbols. If the Crosshair lands on the Scatter during Free Spins, a further 8 Free Spins are awarded. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.55% The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 5/23/2023