NSYNC Pop Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules *NSYNC POP is a 5 reel video slot with 144 payways in the base game. On random spins 2 or more POP symbols can land, anywhere on the reels. They will pop to reveal matching symbols of any type except Scatter. Scatter symbols can land on the second, third and forth reels only. 3 Scatter symbols on the reels will award 8 Free Spins. In Free Spins there are 5 POP symbols above and 5 below the reels. When a POP symbol lands on the reels it will activate the POP symbol above or below the reel, in that order. These POP symbols reveal matching symbols. The revealed POP symbol above or below the reels is now an extra space for symbols to land for the remainder of Free Spins. All 10 additional POP symbols can be activated to expand the reel area up to 2400 payways. Wild POP symbols are only available in Free Spins. They reveal a sticky Wild. They also activate the POP symbol above or below, which will reveal any type of symbol, and expand the reel area for the remaining Free Spins. The sticky Wild will stay in position for the rest of Free Spins. If all 10 POP symbols above and below the reels are activated and revealed in Free Spins, an Encore Spin is awarded once all standard Free Spins are complete. Only Wilds and *NSYNC band member symbols can land. Any sticky Wilds locked in place during Free Spins are also kept in play. The Encore Spin uses the fully expanded reels with 2400 payways. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum amount of 50000 {CURRENCY}. Last modification date: 1/18/2023