Ninja Fruits Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Ninja Fruits is a 5-reel video slot game. You can activate up to 15 lines and bet up to 5 coins/line. Lines must be activated in numerical order (1,2,3,4, etc.). Ninja Fruits includes a wild symbol (ninja master), a bonus scatter symbol (the shuriken) and a free spin scatter symbol (the geisha). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the geisha and the shuriken) to help comprise winning combinations. Ninja Fruits include three bonus rounds. Shuriken symbols on reel 3, 4 and 5 will trigger the Hit-the-Fruits bonus game where you throw shuriken at various fruits. Each hit fruit awards you with coins. If you miss a fruit, the ninja master knocks the remaining fruits down and the bonus game ends. Geisha symbols on reel 1, 3 and 5 will pay 5 x the total bet and trigger the free spin feature. The geisha will spin an umbrella and stop it, randomly selecting one of the reel symbols to act as an "Extra Scatter" symbol. She will then flip open folding fan to show how many free spins you get. A sequence of free spins commences during which the Extra Scatter is active. The Extra Scatter pays using the original symbols paytable. Additional free spins are not awarded and the bonus game cannot be triggered during the feature. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble bonus round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble bonus round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The shuriken symbol only appears on reel 3, 4 and 5. The geisha symbol only appears on reel 1, 3 and 5. All symbols except the wild, the shuriken and the geisha can be selected as EXTRA SCATTER during the free spin feature. The EXTRA SCATTER symbol only appears during free spins. The RTP is 96%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines - Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines - Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 4/6/2017