Oasis of Dead Oasis of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. In FREE SPINS only: Special expanding symbols will pay for any winning combination with gaps allowed. The wins pay from left to right. beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Game Rules OASIS OF DEAD is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game with 10 paylines. The SCATTER symbol acts as a WILD, and substitutes for all other symbols. 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger FREE SPINS. An initial 8 FREE SPINS are awarded. 1 regular symbol (except SCATTER) is chosen at random to become a special Expanding Symbol in FREE SPINS. When enough of the respective symbol lands, they expand to cover all reel positions. These symbols do not need to appear adjacent to result in extra wins. 3 or more SCATTER symbols re-trigger FREE SPINS. An additional 8 FREE SPINS are awarded. An additional special Expanding Symbol is chosen at random. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour of a face down card which has a winning probability of 50% (1 in 2 chance) to double your current win total. Or correctly guessing the suit of a face down card which has a winning probability of 25% (1 in 4 chance) to quadruple your current win total. You can play the Gamble bonus round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. The average RTP is 96.58%. RTP is achieved through participation. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 350000 coins. Last modification date: 10/1/2024