Piggy Blitz Casino Gold Piggy Blitz Casino Gold Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Piggy Blitz Casino Gold is a 6-reel game with 4096 payways. Cash Coins can land on the reels with the following bet values: 25x, 20x, 15x, 12x, 10x, 8x, 5x, 4x, 3x, 2.5x, 2x, 1.6x, 1.5x, 1.4x, 1.2x, 1x, 0.8x, 0.7x, 0.6x, 0.5x, 0.4x, 0.3x, and 0.2x. The Mini, Minor, Major, and Mega Cash Coins have the following bet values: 50x, 100x, 250x, and 1000x respectively. The Cash Coins are collected by landing up to 2 Piggy Bank symbols on reels 1 or 6. Only 1 Piggy Bank can land on reels 1 and 6. Landing two Piggy Banks will collect all Cash Coins present on the reels twice. The Mini, Minor, Major, and Mega Cash Coins are collected with Piggy Banks and can also be collected twice. If 2 Piggy Banks land on the reels during the base game but no Cash Coins land, a Re-spin will be triggered, awarding a second chance to land Cash Coins. Only Cash Coins can land during Re-Spins, not including Mini, Minor, Major & Mega prizes. There is a Piggy near the reels. When Cash Coins land with no Piggy Bank, they will be collected in the Piggy. The Piggy can grow in size when Cash Coins are collected. The Piggy can award a bonus prize randomly in the game round when a Cash Coin is collected. The size of the Piggy does not relate to the prize, it is completely random. The prizes are: 10x, 20x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 500x, 2000x, 5000x. Piggy is not active in Blitz Spinz or Bonus Spinz. The Bonus Game Multiplier is not active, but can be increased during the base game. At the start, the Bonus Game Multiplier will be 1x. The meter attached to the Bonus Game Multiplier gets filled by 1 out of 10 segments when landing 2 Scatters during a spin. Once the meter is full, the Bonus Game Multiplier is increased by 1x. The maximum the Bonus Game Multiplier is 5x. The Bonus Game Multiplier will activate automatically at the start of a Bonus Game. It will last for the entirety of Blitz Spinz and Bonus Spinz. The Bonus Game Multiplier multiplies all wins during the chosen Bonus Game. After the end of the Bonus Game, the Bonus Game Multiplier will reset back to the starting position. The number of collected Scatters is attached to the total bet staked. Changing the total bet will collect towards another set of Scatters. The active bonus collection is stored and can be continued by setting back the total bet. Bonus collection is stored between game sessions. Land 3 – 6 Scatters to choose your Bonus Game. Three options will be shown - Blitz Spinz, Bonus Spinz, and Mystery Spinz. If Blitz Spinz is chosen, the game will proceed into Blitz Spinz. If Bonus Spinz is chosen, the game will proceed into Bonus Spinz. If Mystery Spinz is chosen, the game will choose between Blitz Spinz or Bonus Spinz and proceed onto the game. For the Blitz Spinz - 3 Scatters award 5 Blitz Spinz, 4 Scatters award 10 Blitz Spinz, 5 Scatters award 15 Blitz Spinz, 6 Scatters award 25 Blitz Spinz. If Blitz Spinz are chosen, only Cash Coins and Piggy Banks can land. All Mini, Minor, Major and Mega Cash Coins are active. The maximum amount of Blitz Spinz is 25. For the Bonus Spinz, 3 Scatters award 8 Bonus Spinz, 4 Scatters award 10 Bonus Spinz, 5 Scatters award 15 Bonus Spinz, 6 Scatters award 25 Bonus Spinz. Scatters are collected in the meter on the reels, after collecting 4 Scatters, a new stage is unlocked. The player will begin in stage 1 - Stage 1: Bonus Game Multiplier + initial Bonus Spinz. Stage 2: Bonus Game Multiplier grows by 5x + 8 extra Bonus Spinz. Stage 3: Bonus Game Multiplier grows by 10x + 8 extra Bonus Spinz. Stage 4: Bonus Game Multiplier grows by 15x + 8 extra Bonus Spinz. Only the Highest Paying Symbol (Bell), all Casino Symbols (Club, Spade, Diamond, Heart and Crown) and Wild are present in the Bonus Spinz. The maximum amount of Bonus Spinz is 49. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatters, Piggy Bank, and Cash Coins. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 4096 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. You have a chance to win the jackpot by starting a game round with a sufficient total bet staked. A percentage of the bet is contributed to the progressive jackpot. The displayed value of the jackpot might differ from the actual value due to delays in the communication with the server. If two players win the same jackpot at approximately the same time the first winner will receive the full value of the jackpot and the second winner will receive the reseeded value of the jackpot. In the case that a jackpot is interrupted, the jackpot amounts and player contributions will not be impacted by this interruption and the values will be recovered when the jackpot resumes. When a jackpot is won, the value will reset to the seed value in the jackpot panels. The seed value for the jackpot is: Grand (Jackpot 5) - 1000.00 USD Test US RFR 3078 (Jackpot 11) - 100.00 USD Major (Jackpot 6) - 70.00 USD Minor (Jackpot 7) - 4.00 USD 1.000 USD minimum stake to qualify for the Grand. The RTP when wagering 1.000 USD equals 94.75%. The probability of hitting the Grand on bet level 1.000 USD is 1 in 30000000, and it scales linearly proportionally with the bet level on higher bets. 1.000 USD minimum stake to qualify for the Test US RFR 3078. The RTP when wagering 1.000 USD equals 194.24%. The probability of hitting the Test US RFR 3078 on bet level 1.000 USD is 1 in 70, and it scales linearly proportionally with the bet level on higher bets. 1.000 USD minimum stake to qualify for the Major. The RTP when wagering 1.000 USD equals 94.75%. The probability of hitting the Major on bet level 1.000 USD is 1 in 500000, and it scales linearly proportionally with the bet level on higher bets. 1.000 USD minimum stake to qualify for the Minor. The RTP when wagering 1.000 USD equals 94.75%. The probability of hitting the Minor on bet level 1.000 USD is 1 in 30000, and it scales linearly proportionally with the bet level on higher bets. The RTP of the base game is 94.25%. The minimum stake to participate in and qualifying for the Jackpot draw is 1.000 USD. Maximize the RTP of the Jackpot according to the following: It is possible to win any one of the jackpots when staking with more than the minimum amount, though it is only possible to win one jackpot per game round. The jackpot contribution is linearly proportional to the chances of winning, thus staking with a higher amount offers an increased chance of winning. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 1/27/2026