Phoenix Reborn Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Phoenix Reborn is a 5-reel video slot game with 40 fixed paylines. The game features an expanding WILD symbol (the Phoenix), a SCATTER symbol (the Mask), and two different STACKED symbols (the Female Warrior and the Male Warrior). The WILD symbol expands to cover the entire reel on which it appears, substituting for all symbols except SCATTER. When 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels, an initial sequence of 7, 12 or 20 FREE SPINS is triggered respectively. During FREE SPINS, 2, 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER symbols appear anywhere on the reels, they award 3, 7, 12 or 20 additional FREE SPINS respectively. During FREE SPINS, a guaranteed WILD symbol expands to cover a random reel in each round. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Return to player Return to player of this game is 96.5%. Last modification date: 4/18/2023