Pearls of India Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Pearls of India is a 5-reel cascading video slot game with 20 fixed paylines. You can bet up to 5 coins/payline. The number of paylines cannot be changed. Pearls of India includes a wild symbol (Rich Wilde), a free spin scatter symbol (the pearl) and a bonus scatter symbol (the temple). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbols except the pearl and the temple to help comprise winning combinations. The wild symbol can only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4. All wins are multiplied by the value shown on the screen. The multiplier value increases on each consecutive drop but is reset at the start of each new round. If you get a temple symbol anywhere on the reels, you collect it. When you have collected enough temple symbols, the bonus game is triggered. In the bonus game you can select one of three different temples, each containing a different bonus challenge. In the Statue of Vishnu bonus challenge you will get the opportunity to try to pick the pearls out of the hands of the statue. The number of successfully picked pearls determines your prize. In the Wheel of Brahma bonus challenge you will get the opportunity to spin three rings on a wheel to be able to get a matching symbol. The final symbol combination is matched against the on-screen paytable to determine your prize. In the Wall of Shiva bonus challenge you will get the opportunity to open tiles on a wall. The number of treasures you find determines your prize. Three pearls appearing on the reels trigger the free spin feature. A sequence of free spins commences in which the main game multiplier still is in effect and the pearl symbol is wild and substitutes for all other active symbols. If you get a pearl symbol anywhere on the reels during free spins, you collect it. Collect 5 pearl symbols to receive additional free spins as well as leveling up the multiplier, up to a maximum of x50. Free spins can be re-triggered up to a total of 30 spins. The pearl symbol can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the color of a face down card, which has a winning probability of 50% (1 in 2 chance), to double your current win total. Or correctly guessing the suit of a face down card, which has a winning probability of 25% (1 in 4 chance), to quadruple your current win total. You can play the Gamble bonus round up to five times in succession and for up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. The number of collected temple bonus symbols is attached to the total bet staked. Changing the total bet will collect toward another set of temple bonus symbols. The active bonus collection is stored and can be continued by setting back the total bet. The bonus collection is also stored between game sessions so you can pick up your game whenever you want. The temple bonus symbol cannot be collected during free spins. The RTP is 96.87%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of coins you want to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the spin, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you want to activate per round, the number of coins you want to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 6/13/2023