Potion of Madness Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules Potion of Madness is a 5x3 video slot machine with 10 paylines expanding to 5x6 with 40 paylines in FREE SPINS. Potion of Madness features a Super High Paying symbol - "Dr. J". This symbol can be transformed into a WILD symbol. Potion of Madness also features a SCATTER symbol - "Potion of Madness". The SCATTER symbol triggers all the features. The type of feature depends on the number of SCATTERS that land: 1 SCATTER symbol triggers the TRANSFORMATION feature: all "Dr. J" symbols are transformed into WILDS 2 SCATTER symbols trigger the RE-SPIN feature: all "Dr. J" symbols are transformed into WILDS and a RE-SPIN is triggered During the RE-SPIN feature all "Dr. J" symbols are automatically transformed into WILDS. All WILDS are STICKY during the RE-SPINS. Only 1 WILD can land per reel but all present WILDS have a chance to expand vertically. RE-SPINS continue as long as WILDS expand, new WILD symbols land or until there is no more space to expand or land new WILDS. STICKY WILDS remain on the reel until the end of the RE-SPINS. 3 or more SCATTER symbols trigger the FREE SPIN feature. The FREE SPIN feature awards 5 FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS the reels expand to 5x6. All "Dr. J" symbols are automatically transformed into WILDS. Landing a WILD triggers a RE-SPIN session, as if triggered by landing 2 SCATTER symbols in the base game. Only one RE-SPIN session can be triggered per 1 FREE SPIN up to a total of 5 separate RE-SPIN sessions. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 6000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 5/23/2025