Pack and Cash Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Pack & Cash is a 5-reel video slot with 1024 payways. Symbols are provided from right to left. Winning combinations are removed. New symbols are provided via a symbol cascade from right to left, to re-fill the empty positions to potentially form new wins. The process is repeated if new wins are continually being created. Only highest winning combination per symbol is paid. The win multiplier increases by one each time winning symbols are removed, and resets before the start of every spin (except when Free Spins are triggered). Winning combinations multiplied by currently displayed value. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols (except Scatter) and can appear on all reels. Express Packages are mystery symbols that appear randomly on any initial spin (including Free Spins) only. When appearing on the reels, all instances of Express Packages will transform to reveal the same random symbol. The mystery symbol can be any symbol, except Scatter. Between 3 and 8 Express Packages can appear. The Special Delivery feature is triggered at random when the game is non-winning, including the initial spin and/or subsequent cascades. 1 of 2 effects are performed, which will guarantee a new winning combination. Effects can be played multiple times per spin, in any order, with a total limit of 3 effects per spin. The effects are: • Extra Wild: 1 Wild symbol is added to a random position anywhere on the first 3 vertical reels from the left of the grid. The extra Wild symbol cannot replace any existing Wild or Scatter. • Symbol Remover: random symbols (excluding Wild and Scatter) will be removed from the grid. Note: the win multiplier is not increased from removal of symbols, only on the resulting win. 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger the Free Spins feature. The number of initial spins awarded is determined by the location of Scatter symbols: for each horizontal right-step each Scatter symbol takes, one spin is awarded. The possible range of initial spins is, therefore, between 3 and 20. During Free Spins, the win multiplier carries over and only resets once the feature is complete – there is no maximum multiplier. Additional Free Spins are awarded per Scatter symbol, also determined by the location of each respective Scatter symbol. The maximum number of Free Spins is 75. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Rtp:96.20% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Last modification date: 5/2/2023