Perfect Gems Perfect Gems Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Perfect Gems is a 6-vertical-reel and 1-horizontal-reel cascading video slot machine with up to 21,609 ways to win! First and sixth vertical reels are fixed to 3 symbols, but the vertical reels between - second to fifth - can have up to 7 symbols with help from the horizontal reel feature. The second to fifth vertical reels can dynamically change! If the symbol on a vertical reel matches the symbol on the horizontal reel above, it splits into 2 symbols, increasing the Payways. Wild symbols appear only on the horizontal reel splitting all symbols into 2, except Perfect Scatters and Spin Scatters. Perfect Gems features a win multiplier, starting at x1 in the main game. Its value is unlimited but is reset with each new spin. Each cascade raises the multiplier by 1. 3 Perfect Scatters activate PERFECT SPINS with 9 Free Spins. Any additional Perfect Scatters on the triggering spin increases the number of Free Spins by 6, up to a maximum of 27 Free Spins! During PERFECT SPINS, each Spin Scatter awards an additional 2 Free Spins. The maximum number of Free Spins is 99. When the PERFECT SPINS is triggered, the current win multiplier is carried over to the Free Spins and is never reset during the Feature. The win multiplier is unlimited! The RTP is 96.50% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/9/2022