Pearls of India Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Pearls of India is a 5-reel cascading video slot game with 20 fixed paylines. You can bet up to 5 coins/payline. The number of paylines cannot be changed. Pearls of India includes a wild symbol (Rich Wilde), a free spin scatter symbol (the pearl) and a bonus scatter symbol (the temple). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbols except the pearl and the temple to help comprise winning combinations. All wins are multiplied by the value shown on the screen. The multiplier value increases on each consecutive drop but is reset at the start of each new round. If you get a temple symbol anywhere on the reels, you collect it. When you have collected enough temple symbols, the bonus game is triggered. In the bonus game you can select one of three different temples, each containing a different bonus challenge. In the Statue of Vishnu bonus challenge you will get the opportunity to try to pick the pearls out of the hands of the statue. The number of successfully picked pearls determines your prize. In the Wheel of Brahma bonus challenge you will get the opportunity to spin three rings on a wheel to be able to get a matching symbol. The final symbol combination is matched against the on-screen paytable to determine your prize. In the Wall of Shiva bonus challenge you will get the opportunity to open tiles on a wall. The number of treasures you find determines your prize. Three pearls appearing on the reels trigger the free spin feature. A sequence of free spins commences in which the main game multiplier still is in effect and the pearl symbol is wild and substitutes for all other active symbols. If you get a pearl symbol anywhere on the reels during free spins, you collect it. Collect 5 pearl symbols to receive additional free spins as well as levelling up the multiplier. Free spins can be re-triggered up to a total of 30 spins. The pearl symbol can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The number of collected temple bonus symbols is attached to the total bet staked. Changing the total bet will collect towards another set of temple bonus symbols. The active bonus collection is stored and can be continued by setting back the total bet. The bonus collection is also stored between game sessions so you can pick up your game whenever you want. The temple bonus symbol cannot be collected during free spins. The RTP is 84%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the spin, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. The last month RTP is 84%. Last modification date: 4/6/2017