Pilgrim of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. In FREE SPINS only: Special expanding symbols will pay for any winning combination with gaps allowed. The wins pay from left to right. beginning on any reels where a winning combination is possible. Game Rules PILGRIM OF DEAD is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game with 10 paylines. The Tomb Scatter symbol acts as a Wild, and substitutes for all other symbols (except for special Expanding Symbol). 3 or more Tomb Scatter symbols on any reel trigger Free Spin mode with an initial 5 spins. During Free Spins, 3 or more Tomb Scatter symbols re-trigger Free Spins. An additional 5 Free Spins are awarded, up to 30 total Free Spins. 1 regular symbol (except Scatter) is chosen at random to become a special Expanding Symbol in Free Spins. This special Expanding Symbol can be optionally randomized once for a different symbol before the Free Spins start. The first of the selected symbol landing on each reel becomes sticky and will stay in that position for the remaining of the Free Spins. When enough of the respective symbol land, they expand to cover all reel positions. These symbols do not need to appear adjacent to result in extra wins. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. You can specify the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Changing Your Bet- Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Increase Coins/Line- Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line- Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination- Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination- Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/1/2023