Pandastic Adventure Pandastic Adventure Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination including any gaps. Game Rules Pandastic Adventure is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot game with 20 fixed paylines. The game features 4 BONUS PRIZES: The default values are: GRAND: x5000 the total bet, MAJOR: x1000 the total bet, MINOR: x100 the total bet, and MINI: x50 the total bet. By default, these prizes are disabled and can only be activated after the JOURNEY TO THE TEMPLE FREE SPINS. Players can win these prizes exclusively during the TEMPLE TREASURE BONUS only. The WILD substitutes for all symbols except for SCATTER and Gold Flowers. The Gold Flowers are only available during the TEMPLE TREASURE BONUS. JOURNEY TO THE TEMPLE FREE SPINS: 3 or more SCATTERS trigger 8 FREE SPINS. Each SCATTER that lands during FREE SPINS awards an extra spin. Each WILD that lands during the feature contributes x8 the total bet to the displayed BONUS PRIZES. Collecting 8 WILDS activates the TEMPLE TREASURE BONUS. Any excess WILDS collected will still contribute to the BONUS PRIZES, but no further TEMPLE TREASURE BONUS will be awarded. The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 50, and the maximum number of WILDS that can be collected is 30. Scatter payout is not active in Free Spins. TEMPLE TREASURE BONUS: Initial 3 RE-SPINS. Gold flowers award CASH PRIZES (x2, x4, x6, x8, and x10 the total bet) and BONUS PRIZES (GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI). Gold flowers stick on the reels throughout the feature. Whenever a Gold flower lands, the RE-SPIN count resets back to 3. When the feature ends, all the Gold flowers are collected. The feature ends when all the RE-SPINS are consumed, or the reels are filled with 15 Gold flowers. The increased BONUS PRIZES will reset back to their initial values when starting a new game round. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to it's original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 4/2/2024