Prissy Princess Game Rules Gallant knights and a lively dragon vie for the love of a fair maiden in Prissy Princess, a 5­reel video slot game set in a vibrant medieval world across 20 fixed paylines, where there’s plenty of bonus features and wild surprises! Prissy Princess includes two wild symbols (the brilliantly blonde Princess and the playful fire­breathing Dragon), and three ornately decorated bonus scatter symbols (the Purple, Green and Blue Flags). Wild symbols substitute for any other reel symbols except bonus scatters to help comprise winning combinations. The Crumbling Towers feature is initiated at the end of each winning spin. Any reel that contained a position that is part of a winning combination will collapse and re­spin while all other reels are held. This feature can be re­triggered up to a maximum of four times, or until no winning payline combinations occur. If you survive the Crumbling Towers long enough and land a winning combination in the 4th re­spin, the contents of the Treasure Chest will be revealed, where you are awarded with either a random multiplier of the total bet, or a random multiplier of the total win! Landing or collecting all three bonus scatter symbols (the Purple Flag on reel 1, the Green Flag on reel 3, and the Blue Flag on reel 5), will begin the Tournament bonus game. Your objective is to choose which contestant you think will win in each round, but who will get the Princess’ hand at the end? The Dragon’s Breath feature can be randomly triggered when no wins are achieved, where up to three symbols anywhere on the reels become Wild Fire. Feature cannot be triggered during additional re­spins occurring from Crumbling Towers feature. Wild Fire substitutes for any other reel symbols except bonus scatters to help comprise winning combinations. When any reel contains any three knights, the Dragon’s Pride feature is triggered where an expanded dragon wild will appear to proudly take their place. Regular Wild and Wild Fire symbols do not contribute to trigger this feature. The RTP is 96.56%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable ­ Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play ­ Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin ­ Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop ­ Stops the reels more quickly. Last modification date: 5/16/2017