Pandoras Box of Evil Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Pandora’s Box of Evil is a 5-Reel Video Slot with 20-Fixed Paylines. All wins pay for adjacent reels starting on reel 1, only the highest paid win per active line is paid. The Mystery Symbol can land anywhere. Each mystery symbol will either turn into a Mystery WILD or open to reveal a SCATTER symbol, a SPIRIT OF HOPE symbol, or a normal paying symbol. All normal symbols revealed will be of the same kind. Before they open Mystery Symbols have a chance of becoming Mystery WILDS, which may then also have a chance of appearing with an x2, x3, x4 or X5 Multiplier. When more than one MULTIPLIER occurs on a winline, they are added together, and the total MULTIPLIER is then applied to the line win. The SPIRIT OF HOPE Symbol may be revealed from any Mystery Symbol. Whenever it appears a RE-SPIN is triggered at the end of the current spin. During the RE-SPIN, Mystery Symbols, SCATTER Symbols, and Mystery WILDS are locked. All locked Mystery Symbols will close during the RE-SPIN and then open again with a new random outcome. The SCATTER Symbol can land on any reel; landing 3 triggers 8 FREE SPINS. During the FREE SPINS, all Mystery WILDS are locked. Landing 1, 2 or 3 Scatters during the FREE SPINS will add 2, 5 or 8 FREE SPINS respectively to the current total. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 5/29/2024