Piggy Blitz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Piggy Blitz is a 6-reel video slot machine with 4096 payways. Cash Coins can land on the reels with the following bet values: 25x, 20x, 15x, 12x, 10x, 8x, 5x, 4x, 3x, 2.5x, 2x, 1.6x, 1.5x, 1.4x, 1.2x, 1x, 0.8x, 0.7x, 0.6x, 0.5x, 0.4x, 0.3x, 0.2x and 0.1x. The Minor, Major and Mega Cash Coins have the following bet values: 100x, 250x and 1000x respectively. The Cash Coins are collected by landing up to 2 Piggy Bank symbols on reels 1 or 6. Only 1 Piggy Bank can land on reels 1 and 6. Landing two Piggy Banks will collect all Cash Coins present on the reels twice. The Minor, Major and Mega Cash Coins are collected with Piggy Banks and can also be collected twice. Land 3 – 6 Scatters to trigger Blitz Spinz. Only Cash Coins and Piggy Banks can land during Blitz Spinz. 3 Scatters award 5 Free Spins and Minor Cash Coin is active. 4 Scatters award 10 Free Spins, Minor and Major Cash Coins are active. 5 Scatters award 25 Free Spins, Minor, Major and Mega Cash Coin are active. 6 Scatters award 50 Free Spins, Minor, Major and Mega Cash Coin are active. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatters, Piggy Bank and Cash Coins. The average RTP is 94.25%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 4096 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 12/12/2023