Rise of Merlin Rise of Merlin Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rise of Merlin is a 5-reel video slot game. Up to 10 lines can be activated, lines are numbered and always activated in numerical order (1, 2, 3, 4, etc.). The Scatter symbol acts as a Wild, and substitutes for all other symbols. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet staked and are added to the payline wins. 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. An initial 8 free spins are awarded. 1 regular symbol (except Scatter) is chosen at random to become a special Expanding Symbol in Free Spins. When enough of the respective symbol lands, they expand to cover all reel positions. These symbols do not need to appear adjacent to result in extra wins. 3 or more Scatter symbols re-trigger Free Spins. An additional 8 free spins are awarded. An additional special Expanding Symbol is chosen at random. The maximum number of Free Spins is 96. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the color or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the color, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. Gamble feature will not impact the overall RTP. The RTP is 96.55% Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.01 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/29/2022