Rise of Olympus Origins Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Rise of Olympus Origins is a cascading game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The Wild symbol will appear when a winning combination of any relic symbols is removed from the grid. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three, four or five relic symbols are removed. The Wild symbol appears randomly in one of the two middle positions when a winning combination of four relic symbols are removed. There is a chance for two different Wild symbols, from two different wins, appear on the same position. Wild symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. The Hand of God feature is triggered on God symbol wins. The probability of triggering the Hand of God feature is: 50% chance with a combination of three, 75% chance with a combination of four and 100% chance with a combination of five of the same God symbols. The probability will be increased to 100% chance by winning with the same God symbol for the second time. This increased probability will remain until the matching God is triggered, Wrath of God feature is triggered, the Free Spins are triggered, instant prize is won or the round ends. Depending on the type of the god symbol win, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. Hades converts one set of symbols into another symbol; Poseidon adds one or two Wild symbols to the grid; Zeus removes two sets of symbols from the grid. If multiple Gods are triggered, the order is fixed to: Hades – Zeus – Poseidon. The strength of the Hand of God feature is empowered by filling the empowerment indicator from relic symbol wins. Winning with more than five of the same relic symbols empower the matching God (Helmet – Hades, Trident – Poseidon, Lightening – Zeus). This empowerment remains until the matching God is triggered, Wrath of God feature is triggered, the Free Spins are triggered, instant prize is won or the round ends. With empowerment Hades converts two or three sets of symbols into another symbol; Poseidon adds two, three or four Wild symbols to the grid; Zeus removes two or three sets of symbols from the grid. If multiple Gods are triggered, the order is fixed to: Hades – Zeus – Poseidon. The Wrath of Olympus feature is triggered by completing the on-screen charger meter. The charger meter is only filled with wins which includes all three God symbols. The Wild symbol can substitute for one God. The meter has 6 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 5 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 4 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 3 sections. When the charge meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one re-spin is awarded. A Hand of God feature is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three Gods have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of powers is always the same: Hades first; Zeus second; Poseidon third. On top of the guaranteed three Hand of God features, God symbol wins can trigger further Hand of God feature during this free re-spin. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (Wild symbols are an exception) during this re-spin triggers Free Spins only; no instant prize awarded. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (Wild symbols are an exception) awards 10 Free Spins. Clearing the grid during the Free Spins awards instant prize chests. Three different chests are available: the first chest from Hades with prizes are: 5X, 10X, 15X, 20X, 30X, 50X, 75X, 100X, 125X, 150X times total bet; the second chest from Poseidon with prizes are: 75X, 100X, 150X, 200X, 250X, 300X, 400X, 500X, 750X, 1000X times total bet; and the third chest from Zeus with prizes are: 1000X, 1500X, 2000X, 2500X, 3000X, 3500X, 4000X, 5000X, 7500X, 10000X times total bet. Opening the chest awards one prize from each chest. Additional spins are awarded by filling the meter. The average RTP is 96.29%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.10 USD Maximum Bet: 20.00 USD Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 20000 times total bet. Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Hyper Spin - Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet and will be lower than the selected bet size when autospins was initiated. The bet will be decreased only and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initiating bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 10/23/2024