Rise of Olympus Rise of Olympus Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rise of Olympus is a video slot game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The wild symbol will appear in the middle symbol location when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. A win multiplier is increased at each new drop. Rise of Olympus includes a wild symbol (the Coin), three accompanying feature symbols (Helmet, Trident, and Bolt), and the faces of Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades; where forming any combination of the three symbols pay. The wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol to help comprise winning combinations. When the wild symbols are the only symbol remaining on the grid, they are removed, helping you trigger free spins! The Hand of God feature has a chance to be triggered on non-winning spins. Depending on which active God is showing on the right-hand side of the screen, a different unique ability is performed. The Hand of God assists in creating potential winning combinations. In total, there are three Hand of God abilities – one for each God. They are as follows: Hades: One set of symbols is chosen and transformed into another symbol. Poseidon: One or two wild symbols will be added to the grid. Zeus: Two sets of symbols are destroyed and removed from the grid. The Wrath of Olympus feature is triggered when the on-screen meter is filled completely. This meter is only filled up using winning combinations of the God symbols. The wild symbol can be used as part of these combinations. All other combinations do not contribute. The meter has 3 sections. Following the above rules; a five-of-a-kind combination fills up the meter with 3 sections, a four-of-a-kind combination fills up the meter with 2 sections, and a three-of-a-kind combination fills up the meter with 1 section. Once the meter is full, and there are no further wins, one free round is awarded. The drop multiplier is reset. In the Wrath of Olympus feature, consecutive Hand of God features play after one another by their associated God. This order is the same each time the Wrath of Olympus feature is triggered. When there are no further wins after each drop, a God will perform its feature and the game will continue as normal until there are no further wins. This sequence is repeated until the end of the game and all Hand of God features have been performed. All wins are calculated and returned before the next game round starts. The active God then changes back to the God on-screen prior to the Wrath of Olympus feature being triggered. Clearing the whole grid from symbols will trigger the free spins feature. Choose one of the 3 free spins options available. Choosing Hades awards 4 initial free spins; choosing Poseidon awards 5 initial free spins; choosing Zeus awards 8 initial free spins. The associated Hand of God feature will then be active for the duration of the Free Spins, triggering on every non-winning free spin to further help create potential winning opportunities! The drop multiplier is not reset between game rounds for the duration of the free spin feature and can grow up to a maximum of x20! The free spins feature can be extended by fully charging up the on-screen meter, with the same rules as described previously. Hades awards 4 additional free spins; Poseidon awards 3 additional free spins; Zeus awards 2 additional free spins. The maximum number of free spins is 20. The Wrath of Olympus is not active during free spins. If the grid is cleared during a free spin, you win an instant prize of 100x your total bet! The RTP is 96.50%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made to provide the highest theoretical published RTP. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/22/2022