Rainforest Magic Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rainforest Magic is a 5-reel video slot with 25 paylines, featuring Mystery Symbols and Free Spins with Mystery Reels. Rainforest Magic includes a Jaguar Wild, rainforest creatures as the high and mid-paying symbols, and classic card suits as the low-paying symbols. Mystery Symbols can land at random, and will transform into matching symbols, including Wilds. The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol to help create winning combinations. 3 or more Wilds landing on the reels via standard spin or via the Mystery Symbols will trigger Free Spins. x3 Wilds = 6 Free Spins x4 Wilds = 8 Free Spins x5 Wilds = 10 Free Spins x6 Wilds = 12 Free Spins x7 Wilds = 14 Free Spins x8 Wilds = 16 Free Spins x9 Wilds = 18 Free Spins x10 Wilds = 20 Free Spins x11 Wilds = 22 Free Spins x12 Wilds = 24 Free Spins x13 Wilds = 26 Free Spins x14 Wilds = 28 Free Spins x15 Wilds = 30 Free Spins Before Free Spins begins 4 Flowers are presented to choose from. Choose a Flower to determine how many Mystery Reels will be present in the Free Spins (1-4). The position of the Mystery Reels will change on each spin. Mystery Reels are full reels of Mystery Symbols, which behave in the same way as the base game by transforming into matching symbols of any kind, including Wilds. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.56% Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 2/21/2023