Raging Rex 3 Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules RAGING REX 3 is a 6-reel game with 4096 payways. REX and all hatchlings are WILD symbols. WILDS substitute for all other symbols, except SCATTERS. REX can land anywhere on reels 2 to 6, and it triggers RE-SPINS when it is fully visible. REX is sticky and walks towards reel 1, one reel per RE-SPIN. Hatchlings are sticky and walk in front and behind REX. Up to 5 RE-SPINS are granted, depending on REX's landing reel. REX's last RE-SPIN is when he reaches reel 1. 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTERS trigger FREE SPINS. The number of FREE SPINS awarded depends on the feature selected, and the number of triggering SCATTERS. 1 of 3 distinct features can be selected: FEEDING FRENZY, HATCHLING MANIA or SURVIVAL. FEEDING FRENZY REX is sticky and may move in any direction during FREE SPINS. A hunting target will be selected from the 4 paying dinosaur symbols at the start of the Free Spins. Whenever REX moves across or stops on a hunting target, it will be consumed. For every 6th hunting target consumed, REX will receive +x1 infinitely stacking multiplier. (x2, x3, x4, x5, x6...) RETRIGGER: 2, 3, 4, 5 SCATTERS award +1, 2, 3, 4 FREE SPINS. HATCHLING MANIA Hatchlings are sticky and may move in any direction during FREE SPINS, while REX does not appear. Hatchlings may ping 2x or 3x win multipliers, which multiply together if they take part in the same win. 3, 4, 5, or 6 SCATTERS award 7, 9, 11, 13 FREE SPINS. RETRIGGER: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 SCATTERS award +1, 2, 3, 4, 5 FREE SPINS. SURVIVAL Played using 3 lives, each spin uses 1 life. Whenever a dinosaur symbol lands in any of the 12 positions, it gets eaten and refills all lives. Eaten dinosaurs are replaced with sticky Bone symbols and have their value absorbed by REX. Dinosaur symbol starting Value: x1, x2, x5, x10. REX's value will be paid out when the feature ends. Each Bone symbol will fill the bone meter by 1 step. Filling the bone meter will remove all bone symbols and upgrade the values of the dinosaur symbols going forward by an amount equal to their start values, and the Bone meter is then reset. The bone meter initially requires 6 steps to be filled, but will increase by 1 step the first 2 times it is filled to a maximum of 8 steps. (1st = 6 steps, 2nd = 7 steps, 3rd or above = 8 steps) If the feature was triggered with more than 3 SCATTERS, then a symbol upgrade will be awarded for each additional SCATTER before starting the first spin. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. There are 4096 fixed pay ways. Way wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbol combinations. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 2/14/2024