Rise of Olympus Extreme Rise of Olympus Extreme Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules Rise of Olympus Extreme is a cascading game played on a 5x5 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 3 or more symbols in a row, horizontally or vertically. All rows and columns are active, and symbols can be part of multiple winning combinations. Winning combinations are removed after being collected, and remaining symbols drop down to possibly form new winning combinations. The Wild symbol will appear in the middle symbol location when a winning combination of 3 symbols is removed from the grid. A win multiplier is increased at each new drop. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbols can only be created; appearing in the middle when a winning combination of three symbols is removed. Wild symbols are removed when no other symbols are remaining, to completely clear the grid of symbols. At the beginning of any game round, the multiplier could randomly increase. The Hand of God feature is triggered at random on non-winning spins. Depending on the active God shown on-screen, a unique ability is performed to help create a win. Hades coverts one set of symbols into another symbol; Poseidon adds 1 or 2 Wild symbols to the grid; Zeus removes two sets of symbols from the grid. The game opens with a random God, with the order fixed to: Hades – Poseidon – Zeus. The active God changes after each Hand of God activation. The Wrath of Olympus feature is triggered by completely filling the on-screen meter. The meter is only filled with winning combinations containing God symbols. The Wild symbol can contribute to these combinations. The meter has 3 sections. Following the above rules: combinations of X5 fill the meter with 3 sections, combinations of X4 fill the meter with 2 sections, and combinations of X3 fill the meter with 1 section. When the meter is fully charged and no further wins are achieved, one free round is awarded. The win multiplier is reset. A Hand of God power is performed on each symbol drop that does not provide a winning combination, until all three Gods have performed their respective ability (3 in total). The order of powers is always the same: Hades first; Poseidon second; Zeus third. Completely clearing the grid of symbols during this free round triggers Free Spins only; no instant prize awarded. The active God returns to the God on-screen prior to the Wrath of Olympus feature being triggered. Before the Free Spins feature begins, choose one of the three Gods. Hades awards 4 initial spins; Poseidon awards 5 initial spins; Zeus awards 8 initial spins. The win multiplier is carried over from the Wrath of Olympus feature, only resetting once the feature is over, and can grow to a maximum of x1000. During Free Spins, the chosen Hand of God power is triggered on every non-winning spin. The Wrath of Olympus feature cannot be triggered. Additional spins are awarded via fully charging the meter (same rules). Hades awards 4 additional spins; Poseidon awards 3 additional spins; Zeus awards 2 additional spins. The maximum number of spins is 100. Completely clearing the grid of symbols (except during the Wrath of Olympus feature) awards an instant prize. The prize awarded is 20x the total bet multiplied by the active win multiplier at the time of clearing the grid. The average RTP is 94.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Auto Play: You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 50000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. Last modification date: 11/18/2025