Rage to Riches Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days and will be forfeited to charity. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Rage to Riches is a 5-reel cascading video slot game with 20 fixed paylines. You can bet up to 5 coins/line, number of paylines cannot be changed. Rage to Riches includes a wild symbol (Rage to Riches logo) and a free spin scatter symbol (the girl). The wild symbol substitutes for any other reel symbol (except the girl) to help comprise winning combinations. The wild symbol can only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4. A scatter win with Ten, Jack, Queen, King and Ace in order from left to right will collect a bonus star. By collecting 5 bonus stars you will trigger the bonus game. Select a monster and buildings for the monster to destroy. Each destroyed building awards you with coins. If the monster is defeated or all buildings are destroyed, the bonus game ends. Three girls appearing on the reels triggers the free spin feature. A sequence of free spins commences during which a monster will appear and trigger a respin if a win is not achieved in 3 consecutive spins. Additional free spins can be awarded but bonus stars cannot be collected during the feature. The free spin scatter symbol can only appear on reel 1, 2 and 3. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. The bonus collect is indicated by stars. To collect a star, a win combination must be an ordered scatter win with Ten anywhere on reel 1, Jack anywhere on reel 2, Queen anywhere on reel 3, King anywhere on reel 4 and Ace anywhere on reel 5. You can only get one star per game round. The total bet placed in a game round is attached to a set of collected stars. Changing the total bet will collect towards another set of stars, the active collection is stored and can be continued by setting back the total bet. The collection is also stored between game sessions so you can pick up your game whenever you want. The RTP is 96%. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the spin, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Actions Increase Coins/Line - Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line - Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination - Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination - Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Bet Max - Bets the maximum number of coins per line (as permitted by game rules and your current balance). Spin - Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. The last month RTP is 96%. Last modification date: 4/11/2023