Rich Wilde and the Tome of Insanity Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules RICH WILDE AND THE TOME OF INSANITY is a 5x5 cascading game. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. WILDS substitute for all symbols. BOOK WILD: May trigger portal effects. MULTIPLIER WILD: May bring 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x multipliers in Base Game. May bring 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x multipliers in Bonus Game. When more than one MULTIPLIER WILD is present in a winning cluster only the highest multiplier is applied. MULTIPLIER WILD and multiplier YOG-SOTHOTH WILD values are multiplied. YOG SOTHOTH WILD: A 2x2 WILD that walks 3 times on the grid. ALL-SEEING EYES: An ALL SEEING EYE may be created in the base game, while DAMNATION FREE SPIN offers 12 normal and 6 special Eyes. In the base game, opening an ALL SEEING EYE by forming a win on its location awards 2-4 BOOK WILDS. These are added when no more wins are formed. During DAMNATION FREE SPIN, opening every ALL SEEING EYE summons the YOG SOTHOTH WILD, while additionally opening 4, 5, 6 ALL SEEING MULTIPLIER EYE applies 2x, 3x, 4x multipliers to it. PORTAL: All winning symbols charge the Portal. 8 charges award 2-4 BOOK WILDS. 16 charges award 2-4 BOOK WILDS. Winning with these triggers HARVEST. HARVEST aims for symbols spots 2 symbols away in all diagonal directions and all spots 3 symbols away in all horizontal and vertical directions, and destroys symbols in these spots, if possible. 30 charges award 2-4 BOOK WILDS. Winning with these triggers ABOMINATION. ABOMINATION upgrades a gem to a ritual item. 48 charges award the DAMNATION FREE SPIN. DAMNATION FREE SPIN: After the 48 charges are reached, a DAMNATION FREE SPIN will be guaranteed with 3 Portal features, but the Portal can be overcharged to get an extra Portal feature for every 4 additional winning symbols, up to a maximum of 7. 1 random Portal feature is triggered when no wins are achieved after a cascade, until all are used up. The DAMNATION FREE SPIN concludes when all Portal Effects have been played out. The average RTP is 96.20%. RTP is achieved through participation. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 5000 times total bet. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 9/3/2024