Riches of Robin Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Riches of Robin is a 15-Reel video slot, formatted in 5 columns with 3 rows. There are 20 fixed paylines. The game features a WILD symbol, an INSTANT PRIZE symbol, a SCATTER symbol, a QUICK HIT feature, a HEIST RE-SPINS feature, and a FREE SPINS feature. The Instant Prize symbol is represented by a Money Bag. On any non-winning spin, where a feature has not been triggered, there is a chance that any Instant Prizes on any reel will be awarded. This is known as the QUICK HIT. If 4 or more Money Bags are on the reels, then the HEIST RE-SPINS feature will be triggered. All the Money Bags are held. 3 re-spins are awarded. The re-spins count down by 1 on each re-spin, until 0. During the re-spins only Money Bags appear on the reels. If a Money Bag lands during any re-spin, the re-spin counter will return to 3. The feature will end when the re-spins get to 0 and no more Money Bags land on the reels or every reel is filled with a Money Bag. All INSTANT PRIZES are awarded at the end of the re-spins. SCATTER symbols can only land on the middle row of column 2 and 4. 2 SCATTERS trigger the FREE SPINS feature. A random number of free spins and a random multiplier will be awarded. Free spins can be: 6, 8, 10, 12, 14 or 20. Multipliers can be: 2, 3, 4, or 5. The QUICK HIT and HEIST RE-SPINS features are active during the FREE SPINS feature. The active multiplier is applied to any wins during the free spins. It is possible to re-trigger the FREE SPINS by landing the 2 SCATTER symbols. A re-trigger will award +2 additional free spins and +1 multiplier for the remaining free spins. If Multiplier of 10 is reached, then any subsequent re-trigger will award +4 additional free spins. It is possible to trigger both the HEIST RE-SPINS and FREE SPINS on the same spin. If this scenario occurs, then the FREE SPINS will commence after the HEIST RE-SPINS conclude. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.43% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay.