Return of The Green Knight Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 5 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the left-most reel. Symbol wins pay for any winning payline combination without any gaps. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Scatter symbol wins (where applicable) pay for any winning combination, including any gaps. Game Rules Return of The Green Knight is a 5-reel slot game with 20 fixed paylines. The Wild Multiplier can apply to all Wilds that land in any spin. The values of the Wild Multiplier are: x2, x5, x10, x25, and x100. If the Wild substitutes for another symbol with an active Wild Multiplier, then it will multiply the win by the value displayed on the Wild and Wild Multiplier display at the top of the reels. Wild wins with Multiplier are not cumulative on the same payline. 3 or more Scatters will award 5 Free Spins, plus the respective Scatter payout as detailed in the paytable. All Wilds that land will have the Wild Multiplier applied. The Wild Multiplier will increase with each spin. The Wild Multiplier will increase with each spin starting from x2. The available Multipliers are x2, x5, x10, x25 and x100. 2 or more Scatters in Free Spins will award 5 Shield Spins, plus the respective Scatter payout as detailed in the paytable. In Shield Spins the Wild Multiplier value is locked in on the triggering Free Spins’ number for the duration of the Shield Spins. All Wilds that land during Shield Spins are held in place for the duration of the Shield Spins, with their Wild Multiplier applied. Scatters do not land in Shield Spins, and Shield Spins cannot be triggered again within Shield Spins. After the Shield Spins finish, Free Spins will continue, unless there are no further Free Spins remaining. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 1/2/2024