Rise of Dead Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rise of Dead is a 5 by 3 video slot machine with 20 fixed paylines. A low-paying or high-paying symbol is randomly selected to fill 12 consecutive spaces on each reel, in each round during the main game, creating MEGA STACKS. 3 Scroll symbols appearing on reels 1, 3, 5 activate ANCIENT FREE SPINS with 10 Free Spins. 2, 4, 10 additional spins can be won during the mode by getting 1, 2, 3 Scrolls on the reels respectively. Number of Free Spins are unlimited! On each Free Spin, a random A-K-Q-J-10 symbol is stacked, filling 8 consecutive spaces on each reel. The Wilds also appear stacked on the reels by taking up 6 or 7 consecutive spaces. During ANCIENT FREE SPINS, the Pharaoh high-paying symbols expand to their reels, but only if they can create a win combination. Before expanding, any wins involving A-K-Q-J-10 symbols are paid out, as well as any wins involving only Wild symbols. On any spin during the main game, the GIFT OF GODS might occur, where reels 1, 3 and 5 are filled with the chosen MEGA STACK symbol. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP is 96.53% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Hyper Spin- Pressing and holding down the SPACE button activates Hyper Spin mode after 1.5 seconds. The spins speed up immensely but slow down if a feature is activated. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 2/7/2023