Rich Wilde and the Tome of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Cluster wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple clusters in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Game and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to cluster wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature - unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Winning combinations only pay when symbols are connected horizontally or vertically and without any gaps. Winning combinations can start from any point on the grid. Only the highest win is paid per winning symbol combination. Game Rules RICH WILDE AND THE TOME OF DEAD is a 5x5 cascading game. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 4 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed, and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. WILDS substitute for all symbols. ALTAR WILD: May trigger portal effects. MULTIPLIER WILD: May bring 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x multipliers in Base Game. May bring 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x multipliers in Bonus Game. When more than one MULTIPLIER WILD is present in a winning cluster only the highest multiplier is applied. MULTIPLIER WILD and multiplier AMMIT THE DEVOURER WILD values are multiplied. AMMIT THE DEVOURER: A 2x2 WILD that walks 3 times on the grid. ALL-SEEING EYES: An ALL-SEEING EYE may be created in the base game, while BANISHMENT FREE SPIN offers 12 normal and 6 special Eyes. In the base game, opening an ALL-SEEING EYE by forming a win on its location awards 2-4 ALTAR WILDS. These are added when no more wins are formed. During BANISHMENT FREE SPIN, opening every normal ALL-SEEING EYE summons the AMMIT THE DEVOURER WILD, while additionally opening 4, 5, 6 special eyes applies 2x, 3x, 4x multipliers to it. RITUAL: All winning symbols, and symbols affected by features charge the Ritual. 8 charges award 2-4 ALTAR WILDS. 16 charges award 2-4 ALTAR WILDS. Winning with these triggers DEVOUR. DEVOUR aims for symbols spots 2 symbols away in all diagonal directions and all spots 3 symbols away in all horizontal and vertical directions, and destroys symbols in these spots, if possible. 30 charges award 2-4 ALTAR WILDS. Winning with these triggers JUDGEMENT. JUDGEMENT upgrades a canopic jar to a RITUAL statue. 48 charges award the BANISHMENT FREE SPIN. BANISHMENT FREE SPIN: After the 48 charges are reached, a BANISHMENT FREE SPIN will be guaranteed with 3 Ritual features, but the Ritual can be overcharged to get an extra Ritual feature for every 4 additional winning symbols, up to a maximum of 7. 1 random Ritual feature is triggered when no wins are achieved after a cascade, until all are used up. The BANISHMENT FREE SPIN concludes when all Ritual Effects have been played out. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Winning combinations are removed and new symbols land to fill the gaps. Any combination of wins resulting from a single game cycle, including the results of any possible triggered bonuses, is capped at a maximum of 5000 times total bet. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. The reduced total bet selected will be the highest possible bet but will still be lower than the selected bet size when autospins were initiated. The bet may only be decreased and will not return to its original amount following any wins that would allow the initial bet size to be resumed. UI Buttons Spin / Stop / Spacebar Starts a game round / Stops the reels. Paytable Opens the paytable. Auto Play Enables / Disables the Auto Play feature. Select Bet Selects the displayed bet directly. Bet (-) Decreases the bet. Bet (+) Increases the bet. Settings Opens the settings menu. Close Closes the game. Game History Opens the game history. Game Help Opens the game help. Fast Play Toggles fast play ON. Fast Play Toggles fast play OFF. Sound Toggles sound ON. Sound Toggles sound OFF. Any disabled or inactive button indicates that the option is not available in the jurisdiction and/or to the operator. Last modification date: 6/11/2025