Rich Wilde and the Amulet of Dead Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 90 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rich Wilde and the Amulet of Dead is a 5x3-reel video slot game with up to 10 paylines. The pendant is a SCATTER and can appear on ANY reel. The pendant is also a WILD SCATTER and can substitute for any other symbol (except for special EXPANDING SYMBOL) to form a winning combination. SCATTER wins are multiplied by the total bet staked and are added to the payline wins. THOTH WILD appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. THOTH WILD can appear as a stack and will trigger THOTH MULTIPLIER. 1, 2 or 3 fully stacked THOTH WILD activates x2, x3 or x5 MULTIPLIER respectively. Activated MULTIPLIER is applied to all wins on the triggering spin. THOTH MULTIPLIER is always available in base game and FREE SPINS. Activated MULTIPLIER is also applied to the SCATTER wins. 3 or more SCATTERS trigger an initial 10 FREE SPINS. Before the FREE SPIN starts, a random HIGH-PAYING or ROYAL symbol is chosen to act as a special EXPANDING SYMBOL during the entire FREE SPIN session. After evaluating the wins on every spin in the FREE SPINS, the special EXPANDING SYMBOL may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. This symbol will only expand when there are enough symbols on the reels to create a win. The special EXPANDING SYMBOL do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. During FREE SPINS, only fully stacked THOTH WILDS can substitute for a special EXPANDING SYMBOL to create a winning combination. 3 or more SCATTERS during FREE SPINS trigger an additional 10 more spins. You can attempt to multiply your prize in the optional Gamble round. Press the GAMBLE button after winning a prize to start the round. Your objective is to correctly guess the colour or suit of a face-down card. Take your guess by clicking the appropriate button. If you correctly predict the colour, you double your prize. If you correctly predict the suit, you quadruple your prize. You can play the Gamble round up to five times in succession and up to a limit of 2500 coins. In the SETTINGS window, you can specify the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per active line, and the coin denomination used. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. RTP :96.29% Actions Changing Your Bet- Open the Settings window to alter the number of lines you wish to activate per round, the number of coins you wish to bet per line, and the desired coin denomination. Click the SETTINGS button or click within a field that displays lines, coins or denomination. Activate Additional Lines- Click + to increase the number of lines you wish to activate. Deactivate Lines- Click - to decrease the number of lines you wish to activate. Increase Coins/Line- Click + to increase the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Decrease Coins/Line- Click - to decrease the number of coins you wish to bet per active line. Increase Denomination- Click + to increase the denomination of each coin. Decrease Denomination- Click - to decrease the denomination of each coin. Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings (i.e. #lines, #coins/line and coin denomination). The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin / Start / Spacebar- Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet- Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 1/31/2023