Reactoonz Reactoonz Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules Reactoonz is a cascading video slot game played on a 7x7 grid. Symbols drop down in the grid to form winning combinations. Wins are achieved by getting 5 or more symbols in a connected cluster where they touch each other horizontally and/or vertically. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols drop in to fill up the grid. The game continues to cascade until no new winning combinations can be created. All wins during a game round contribute to increasing the 5 Quantum Leap charge meters one by one. When a charge meter is fully charged, one of the following quantum feature is added to the line randomly: Implosion: Transforms 3 to 6 symbols into wild symbols, while also destroying all adjacent symbols Alteration: Chooses 1 random one-eyed symbol, and all matching symbols turn into another symbol. In case if there are no one-eyed symbols on the grid, feature can choose any available symbol Demolition: Destroys all one-eyed symbols and all matching symbols Incision: Cuts a wild symbol into the center, and creates two intersecting diagonal lines through the grid. Both lines will show the same random symbol. When all 5 charge meters are fully charged, the Gargantoon feature is added to the line. The Gargantoon first adds a 3x3 wild symbol to the grid in a random position. If no more cascades are possible, it first becomes two 2x2 wild symbols, before finally ending up as nine 1x1 wild symbol. New symbols drop down from the top to fill the grid before each move. If no more cascades are possible, the Quantum features in the line are triggered. The game round continues normally, allowing the charge meters to charge up for more effects, possibly creating additional wins! Charge meters reset only at the end of the game round, if there are no more winning combinations present. On any initial non-winning spin, there is a chance for the Gargantoon to drop 4 to 8 wild symbols onto the grid. 4 matching normal symbols adjacent to each other in a square shape automatically form Giantoonz. Wins are doubled in any winning combinations if one or more Giantoonz are part of it. One random one-eyed symbol type is marked as fluctuating symbol in each spin. If any of the marked symbols are part of a winning combination, they leave 2 wild symbols behind. Wilds substitute for all normal symbols! The RTP is 96.51%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons in the bottom part of the game. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click START. When the symbols land, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Changing Your Bet - Click any of the five bet buttons to select a bet or use the plus or minus buttons to increase or decrease the bet by one step. Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/9/2022