Raging Rex Raging Rex Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you reopen the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 7 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Way wins are awarded for adjacent symbol combinations, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple ways in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to way wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Raging Rex, a 6-reel video slot machine with 4096 payways, takes you on an incredible Jurassic journey filled with enormous dinosaurs and monstrous winnings. You will definitely enjoy your stay! The game includes a stacked Raging Rex wild that walks on the reels while re-spins are awarded in RAMPAGE mode; a Meteor scatter to activate the RAGING SPINS Free Spin mode; a normal Rex wild that substitutes all other symbols except the scatters; four high-paying dinosaurs: Velociraptor, Dilophosaurus, Triceratops, Parasaurolophus; and six low-paying fossils containing smaller animals. The stacked Raging Rex wild can land fully on reels 2 to 6 to activate the RAMPAGE mode, where he turns sticky and starts walking one by one to the first reel. The required number of re-spins are awarded, e.g. 1 spin if he lands on reel 2, but 5 if he is on reel 6! Re-trigger is not possible as there can only be one Raging Rex in play! 3, 4, 5 or 6 Meteor scatters landing anywhere on the reels activate the RAGING SPINS Free Spin mode, and 8, 15, 20 or 30 free spins are awarded respectively. Additionally, RAGING SPINS mode includes two Prehistoric Giga features, WILD HUNT and PRIMAL RAGE. WILD HUNT adds X2 or X3 multipliers to many of the normal Rex wild symbols but removes the stacked Raging Rex wild from the game. Multipliers combine up to x243! If more than one wild takes part of a winning line, their multipliers are combined. In PRIMAL RAGE, Raging Rex lands on reels 2 to 6 and moves to a new reel with each spin. Pick your favorite feature and score big! RAGING SPINS can be re-triggered by getting 2, 3, 4 or 5+ Meteor scatters while 5, 8, 15 or 20 more spins are added to the total. Win up to 200 RAGING SPINS. RAGING SPINS cannot be activated while RAMPAGE mode is on. The RTP is 96.34%. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. Minimum Bet: 0.20 USD Maximum Bet: 100.00 USD Actions Paytable - Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play - You can enable/disable the Auto Play feature in the menu. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Note: If Auto Play mode is not disabled and a feature that requires interaction is triggered, a pick is made at random. This does not affect the theoretical published RTP. Fast Play - Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Spin / Start / Spacebar - Starts the game round with the currently selected bet. Press Spin to begin. Stop - Stops the reels more quickly. Auto adjust bet - Automatically reduces the total bet when starting a new spin, if the balance is too low to initiate a spin at the current bet level. Last modification date: 11/22/2022