Rich Wilde and the Shield of Athena Unfinished Games If your game round is disrupted, all game information and placed bets are stored until you re-open the game. You may continue your unfinished round from the point of interruption. Unresolved bets placed but remaining undecided in incomplete games will become void after 15 days. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Information Payline wins occur on the number of selected paylines, according to the information in the paytable and game rules. When winning on multiple paylines in a single game round, all winnings are added together. All winnings from Features (such as Free Spins), Bonus Games and/or Scatters (if applicable) are also added to payline wins. All winning combinations are paid out at the end of a game round. Free Spin features are played with the same bet and same number of selected lines as the game round that triggered the feature – unless otherwise stated. The bet cannot be changed during a currently running game round. Please refer to the game rules for more information. Game Rules Rich Wilde and The Shield of Athena is a 5-reel video slot machine with 10 fixed paylines. The WILD symbol is represented by Rich Wilde. The SCATTER symbol is represented by Cat Wilde. Other symbols are the Shield of Athena, Helm of Athena, Ring of Wisdom, Pendant of Courage and Golden Owl. There are also A, K, Q, J, 10 symbols. The Medusa Re-Spin feature can activate on ANY spin if the WILD Shield of Athena lands on the reels, one MEDUSA RE-SPIN will be awarded. If Rich Wilde is present on the activating spin and part of a winning combination, then it will transform into a WILD Shield of Athena. The Shield of Athena symbol now turns WILD. All Shield of Athena symbols will be held in place alongside current winning combinations, and the reels will RE-SPINS. If more Shield of Athena symbols or winning combinations land on the RE-SPIN, they lock in and the reels will RE-SPIN again. This will repeat until no more Shield of Athena symbols or winning combinations land. All locked winning combinations are then paid out. During MEDUSA RE-SPIN, Rich Wilde will now turn into a WILD Shield of Athena when it lands on the reels. Cat Wilde SCATTERS are not present during the RE-SPINS, FREE SPINS cannot be triggered or re-triggered within MEDUSA RE-SPIN. Land 3, 4 or 5 SCATTERS to be awarded 10, 12 or 15 MEDUSA’S GAZE FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS, MEDUSA RE-SPIN is always active. FREE SPINS can be retriggered by landing 3, 4 or 5 SCATTERS to be awarded 10, 12 or 15 additional FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS can be re-triggered indefinitely. If both MEDUSA RE-SPIN and MEDUSA’S GAZE FREE SPINS are triggered on the same spin, MEDUSA RE-SPIN will play out in full, before the game transitions to FREE SPINS. Bets are selected using the bet buttons. Click the plus and minus buttons to change the bet one step at a time. To start the round, click SPIN. When the reels stop, the symbols displayed determine your prize according to the paytable. The maximum win from a single game is 1,000,000 The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.24% Actions Paytable- Toggles the display of the paytable. Auto Play- Click the AUTO PLAY button to enable/disable the Auto Play feature. In Auto Play mode, a number of consecutive game rounds are initiated automatically using your current bet settings. The Auto Play mode is automatically disabled depending on your settings or if your balance becomes too low. Spin- Starts the round by spinning the reels. Stop- Stops the reels more quickly. Fast Play- Toggle on for a significantly faster gameplay. Last modification date: 4/20/2023